```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Bedfordshire Police are investigating a robbery that happened in Bedford on Wednesday (25 November).
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: Police appeal for information following Bedford robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-robbery-bedford-dec20
```

**Officers from Bedfordshire Police are investigating a robbery that happened in Bedford on Wednesday (25 November).**

At around 6pm, the victim was cycling on a cycle path between Cardington Road and Longholme Way when he was surrounded by three men. One of the men pushed him off his bike and made off with it.

The first man was described as Asian, approximately 5'9'', medium build, with a slit on his eyebrow and a thin trimmed beard line. He was wearing a black Canadian Goose coat with a fur hood, black Nike trainers and black Nike fleece tracksuit bottoms.

The second man was also described as Asian, approximately 5'8'', with a short black beard. He was wearing black Nike tracksuit bottoms with black shoes and a reflective coat, with a drawstring on the hood.

The third man is described as white, approximately 6'4',with short brown beard and brown hair. He was wearing a black Nike hoody and Nike tracksuit bottoms.

The bike is a grey Carerra bike with orange writing and black Kenda tyres and LED lights. The handle bars are different colours; one side is orange and black and the other is purple and black.

Investigation Officer Alex Puffett, from the force's Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are appealing to anyone who saw this incident or who has any information about these three men to come forward as this could help us with our enquiries.

"If you have been offered or seen a bike matching this description for sale, please get in touch. We do not tolerate this type of behaviour and we will do all we can to find those responsible."

Anyone with information can visit the force's online reporting centre or call police on 101 quoting 40/63999/20.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
