```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Bedfordshire Police are investigating an aggravated burglary in London Road, Bedford and are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Bedford aggravated burglary sparks witness appeal
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-burglary-appeal-Mar21
```

Officers are investigating an aggravated burglary in London Road, Bedford and are appealing for witnesses.

At approximately 4.30pm on Thursday (4 March) two people knocked on the door of a flat. After one of the occupants opened the door, one of them pulled out a gun out of a bag and threatened him.

The victim then run upstairs and the offenders searched the property; taking a mobile phone, a laptop and a black bag with cash inside.

The offenders are described as black and between 16 and 18 years old. At the time of the offence they were wearing black jogging bottoms, black jackets with hoods up and black face masks. One of the offenders had a blue carrier bag with the gun.

PC Amanda Gibson, investigating the burglary, said: "We believe that this was an isolated incident, but we have been carrying out increased patrols in the area to reassure the community.

"We would like to speak to anyone who may have seen the people described in the area around the time of the incident or have any additional information that can support our investigation."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the police online or by calling 101 and quoting reference number 40/10843/21.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
