```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We will again be playing a key role in keeping families safe at this year\u2019s Luton International Carnival on Sunday (27 May)."
publish:
  date: 23 May 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police set to support Luton Carnival
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-interantional-carnival-may218
```

**We will again be playing a key role in keeping families safe at this year 's Luton International Carnival on Sunday (27 May). ****

**Officers from across the force will be assisting UK Centre of Carnival Arts (UKCCA) and Luton Borough Council in ensuring the safety of everyone who attends this year's event, which attracts thousands of people and brings together the communities of the town and beyond.

Chief Inspector Mark Farrant, who is coordinating the police operation on the day, said: "Carnival is an important event for residents of Luton, and once again we are proud to support the festivities to ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

"We continue to work closely with UKCCA, Luton Borough Council and many other partners to ensure the event runs smoothly and securely.

"I'd urge members of the public to practice personal safety and security on the day, keeping your belongings safe and ensuring you stay together. We'll have lots of officers on duty on the day, so please do approach them if you need to report any concerns, or even if you just want to say hello!"

Cllr Hazel Simmons said: "It's Carnival time! As leader of Luton Council I am excited and pleased to be able to support and promote this fantastic event - a highlight of the Luton year since 1976.

"It's a family day that celebrates the real richness of our diverse and colourful community, and as ever we are working closely with our colleagues in the police to ensure this is a happy and safe day for everyone."

We are also urging parents to use wristbands that will be provided by event organisers to keep children safe in large crowds. Stewards will have wristbands for children that contact numbers can be concealed on the inside in case they get separated.

We would also like to remind people that this loud and crowded event isn't suitable for dogs and anyone that brings a dog to the event, both in the park or the town centre, will be asked to take it home on animal welfare grounds.

In order to safely enjoy this year's Carnival, the public are being offered some simple tips to help ensure their welfare:

 * Stay together - make sure everyone sticks together and gets home safely, either with the group or in a taxi. Plan your routes home in advance, bearing in mind road closures which are being put in place within and surrounding the Carnival footprint.
 * Stay secure - remember to keep your mobile telephone and other valuables out of sight. Ensure bags are properly closed and keep them close to your body.
 * Stay safe - Police will be maintaining a presence in the Carnival footprint and around Luton, but when making your way home try to keep to main roads with streetlights and avoid dark alleyways and shortcuts.
 * Stay calm - Report any concerns about suspicious behaviour or criminality immediately to the nearest steward or officer, or alternatively call 101. If a crime is in progress, dial 999. If an incident occurs, stewards and police will be able to help.
 * Stay sensible - Excess alcohol and the use of drugs will not be permitted. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so sensibly and if the weather is warm ensure you are hydrated and not over-exposed to sunshine.
 * Keep children safe - familiarise yourselves with welfare points. Stewards and officers will have wristbands for children in case they get separated.
 * Leave your animals at home - the carnival is a fun and family friendly event but the noise levels and large numbers of people make it unsafe for pets. Under the animal welfare grounds you will be asked to leave if you bring a dog to the carnival. Do right by your dog and leave it at home.

Keep up to date - follow #LIC18 on Twitter for updates leading up to and throughout the day.
