```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man was sentenced to six years and six weeks in prison last Friday (18 September), after pleading guilty to a violent armed robbery in Bedford last year.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2020
title: Man jailed for violent Bedford robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-violent-bedford-robbery
```

### A man was sentenced to six years and six weeks in prison last Friday (18 September), after pleading guilty to a violent armed robbery in Bedford last year.

Michael Crichlow, 27, of Sandhurst Place, Bedford committed an armed robbery in a jewellery shop in Church Arcade in December 2019.

On 17 December, Crichlow entered the shop and pretended he was interested in purchasing a ring. He spoke to a member of staff, followed them to the back office and then violently attacked them with a hammer.

Crichlow stole a number of rings from the shop tray, with an estimated value of £15,000 and fled from the scene.

Officers who attended the scene discovered that the perpetrator left behind his weapon and one glove. Both items were forensically examined and DNA was found on both linking Crichlow to the robbery. He was arrested on 27 December 2019, ten days after the incident.

The force's Crime Investigation Team carried out an extensive review of the CCTV and managed to identify the robber as Crichlow due to his unique walk seen on the CCTV from the scene. Additionally, he was seen visiting the shop one day prior to the robbery and making enquiries about purchasing jewellery.

Detective Constable Aroop Nandre, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "Crichlow committed a violent robbery which left the victim with long lasting physical and psychological scars.

"The sheer forced used by him to attack the victim caused the hammers handle to snap. We cannot even imagine the trauma this attack has caused to the victim.

"The attack was also premeditated as Crichlow came in to the shop armed and with a plan to attack his victim.

"We are satisfied with the sentencing and we hope he will spend this time reconsidering his life choices.

"We also want to reiterate that we don't tolerate violent crime and we are dedicated to bringing perpetrators to justice."
