```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have launched a new recruitment campaign as we look to build on recent success that saw officer numbers reach their highest level in 10 years.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: We launch new recruitment campaign
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-campaign-launch-dec20
```

We have launched a new recruitment campaign as we look to build on recent success that saw officer numbers reach their highest level in 10 years.

More than 20 officers, PCSOs, special constables and detectives within the force have shared their stories in a bid to inspire more people to start a career in policing. They share some of real sides of policing through their experiences and bring the different roles to life.

The campaign will be the first time the force has invested in recruitment to this level and places its biggest asset at the heart of it - its people. Officers, staff and volunteers will be the face of billboards, digital advertising and social media campaigns that look to encourage others to identify the same traits in themselves that they may not have known would transfer to policing.

Detective Chief Superintendent Karena Thomas said: "We really want to showcase our people, the role and the endless opportunities that are available with a career at Bedfordshire Police.

"Policing offers unique career paths and not many people know about the many different opportunities that are available when joining as an officer. Very few organisations can offer such a variety of roles, promotions and training opportunities, lateral development, specialist skills and the opportunity to climb the ranks.

"Many of the officers have highlighted that we are a family force in their stories, that we are small and that everyone knows each other. And that's absolutely true.

"Being a small force means our senior leaders are well known-across the organisation and officers are recognised for their hard work, or supported when dealing with a difficult situation. It also means more opportunity for training, moving into different departments and promotions.

"Despite being a small force Bedfordshire faces complex policing challenges and unlike a larger force being part of our team means you quickly build experience of working across all element of tackling crime and protecting the public. If you're looking to really experience all that policing can offer, join Bedfordshire Police."

Since the government announced its plans in 2019 for 20,000 more officers to police the streets of the country, the force has received 1,398 applications. They have already seen 194 new officers join the force since uplift began and is on track to exceed the targets set by uplift and PCC council tax precept.

Chief Superintendent Thomas continues: "Policing exposes people to things many people never experience in their life, but it can also bring out qualities they didn't realise they had. We wanted the campaign to also highlight the skills that policing has brought out in our staff, like resilience, persistence, compassion and determination. We want our force to be made up of people from all walks of life and with a multitude of skills and experience that contribute to keeping our residents safe. We want to increase inclusion and diversity, to broaden our skillset and knowledge and continue to grow the wealth of people who make up workforce. Join us and discover your potential."

We are currently recruiting police officers and detectives. If you would like to start your career in policing visit our careers page.
