```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are joining forces with Bedford Borough Council, Luton Council, Central Bedfordshire Council and Bedfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group, to tackle CSE in a new social media campaign.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2018
title: Sports personalities get behind campaign to tackle child sexual exploitation of boys
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cse-boys-campaign-sept18
```

**Boys and young men can be the victims of child sexual exploitation (CSE), and this is the message that local sports personalities and role models in Bedfordshire are helping to push out over the next few weeks, as part of a new social media awareness campaign.**

We have joined forces with with Bedford Borough Council, Luton Council, Central Bedfordshire Council and Bedfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group to tackle CSE in the new #ItHappensToBoysToo campaign which launches today (Monday).

CSE is a type of child abuse in which children are sexually exploited for money, power or status. It sees children and young people under 18 involved in exploitative situations, contexts or inappropriate relationships where the young person receives 'something', such as accommodation, drugs, alcohol, gifts or even affection, as a result of them performing, or being involved in, sexual activities.

The aim of the #ItHappensToBoysToo campaign is to continue to raise awareness of CSE, but to highlight that boys and young men can also find themselves as victims of this type of abuse. It also aims to increase the number of cases that are reported, as it is thought that boys often find it more difficult than girls to disclose what is happening to them.

The social media campaign sees us engaging with role models, such as police officers, fire fighters and paramedics, as well as local sports personalities, including Olympians Kriss Akabusi and Etienne Stott, who are getting behind the campaign and helping to raise awareness.

Detective Superintendent Nick Bellingham said: "Children at risk of CSE are not exclusive to one gender; it happens to boys too. Any child can be exploited. Protecting vulnerable children is everyone's business, and we all need to be alert, to know what to look out for and where to go for advice, as well as having the confidence to report any acts of abuse safe in the knowledge that they will be acted on.

"Partnership working is key to fighting this important issue so I'm pleased that Bedfordshire is uniting in this campaign to help put an end to the suffering of these children who are being exploited."

Follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram and visit Bedfordshire Against CSE to find out more about CSE.

Kriss Akabusi gets behind the #ItHappensToBoysToo campaign
