```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "A man described by a judge as posing a \u201Cserious risk\u201D to women has been jailed for six years, after attacking his partner and assaulting both a police officer and a member of the public who came to her aid."
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: "Man who assaulted his partner and poses \u201Cserious risk\u201D is jailed for six years"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-serious-risk-six-years-nov19
```

**A man described by a judge as posing a "serious risk" to women has been jailed for six years, after attacking his partner and assaulting both a police officer and a member of the public who came to her aid. **

Ross Welham, 41, of High Street, Toddington, was sentenced yesterday (Wednesday) at Luton Crown Court after being found guilty of grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent, and assault by beating.

At around 1am on Sunday 18 August, police were called by a man who reported he had been punched in the face at the southbound petrol station at Toddington Services. He witnessed a man hitting a woman and putting her into a car, and was then assaulted by the man as he tried to intervene.

Just 20 minutes later, the ambulance service reported being called to an address in High Street, Toddington, where a woman had serious facial injuries requiring hospital and dental attention, after being assaulted by her partner, Ross Welham, identified as the man seen at the service station. Welham had left the house and gone to an address in Leighton Buzzard.

On arrival at the address, officers found Welham asleep on the sofa and, when he was woken, he refused to comply and assaulted a female officer during the arrest, which resulted in her sustaining an injury to her mouth. Welham was eventually arrested following the use of an incapacitant spray and a taser.

Welham pleaded guilty and has been sentenced to six years for GBH with intent. He was also handed a further three months, to run concurrently, for assault by beating of the member of the public, and assault by beating of an emergency worker. An indefinite restraining order has also been issued which prevents him from contacting the victim.

Investigation Officer Philip Stanton, of the force's Emerald team which investigates domestic crime, said: "Welham's aggressive and violent actions seriously injured his victim and caused harm to those who tried to help her.

"The judge commented that Welham also poses a serious risk to any future partners, and the length of the sentence handed down to him reflects the severity with which such behaviour is viewed by the police and the courts.

"Violence of any kind is utterly unacceptable and we are dedicated to the investigation of domestic crime, and to the safeguarding and supporting of victims of violence, encouraging them to speak out, so that we can bring offenders like Welham to justice."

If you are a victim of domestic violence, or are concerned about someone else, please call the police on 101. If a crime is in progress, or in if someone is in danger, always call 999. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
