```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A talk from the NSPCC in a school assembly gave a young girl the courage to tell how she had been sexually assaulted, and her abuser has now been jailed for three years.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Luton man jailed for three years after school assembly helped young girl to tell of abuse
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jailed-assembly-helped-girl
```

### A talk from the NSPCC in a school assembly gave a young girl the courage to tell how she had been sexually assaulted, and her abuser has now been jailed for three years.

Sidney Sales, 63, from Tomlinson Avenue, Luton, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Monday (1 February) after being found guilty by a majority verdict in December, of one count of sexual assault on a child under 13 years of age, and one count of engaging in sexual activity with a child.

He will serve a prison sentence of three years.

Sales targeted the girl in 2016 when she was just eight years old. Two years later, after a school assembly with a talk from the NSPCC, she found the courage to confide in a family member, and Sales was arrested.

PC Benjamin Robertson from our Protecting Vulnerable People Unit, who investigated, said. "Sales preyed on this young girl, and took advantage of her in the worst way possible.

"I commend this young lady's strength, bravery and determination to disclose this abhorrent abuse.

"This wasn't an easy process for her to go through, but she had the full support of her family and our team, and I am glad Sales has now been imprisoned for what he did to her.

"Those who seek out children for their own sexual gratification will never be tolerated in our county, and we will do all we can to support victims and put these perpetrators behind bars.

"I would encourage anyone who has been sexually abused, no matter how long ago it happened, to come forward and tell us. We will believe you, and we will do everything we can to see perpetrators brought to justice."

If you have concerns about child sexual abuse or you have been a victim, please report it on 101. Children experiencing abuse may not always be able to explain what has happened to them, or tell you how they feel. The NSPCC has a wealth of information on how to spot the signs of child sexual abuse, and how to speak to your child about staying safe, including the PANTS underwear rule:

P - Privates are private

A - Always remember your body belongs to you

N - No means no

T - Talk about secrets that upset you

S - Speak up, someone can help

We are currently recruiting police officers. If you want to start a career filled with endless opportunities and discover your potential visit join-us
