```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Princess Street, Luton on Saturday (21 September), are asking anyone who has any information to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: Appeal to witnesses following Princess Street shooting
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/princess-street-shooting-sep19
```

**Officers investigating an incident in Princess Street, Luton on Saturday (21 September), are asking anyone who has any information to get in touch.**

We were called just after 5pm and emergency services attended the scene to find a black Toyota Auris estate had collided with a house causing a fire, and a man had been shot. He was treated at the scene before being airlifted to hospital, where he remains with life-threatening injuries.

Princess Street remains closed while enquiries are ongoing.

The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit (BCH MCU) have picked up the investigation, and detectives are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident.

Police are particularly keen to speak to anyone who saw two groups of men in the area; one group of five men believed to be Asian, and a second group of two men.

Officers would also like to hear from anyone who saw the black Toyota Auris estate, with the number plate EJ14 BLV, driving in Luton on Saturday afternoon, or in Princess Street in the lead up to the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop from the BCH MCU said: "The car crashed in Princess Street, and we believe that the person responsible for the shooting was on the opposite side of the road and ran through an alleyway towards Wellington Street, through residential gardens. From Wellington Street they may have run in either direction and we are currently piecing together movements from CCTV and witness accounts.

"If you were in the area at the time, did you see anyone running that struck you as suspicious? If you were driving through the area and you have dash cam footage, please secure it and contact us as it may contain vital evidence."

A group of football supporters are known to have been in the area, and although at this time are not believed to be connected to the incident, detectives are keen to trace members of the group in case they have information that could help the ongoing investigation.

DCI Gallop continued: "This is a really complex incident and there has been a lot of work going on behind the scenes to establish the circumstances, including extensive CCTV work, searches and forensic investigations.

"As we continue to make enquiries, our team of detectives are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area of Princess Street and Wellington Street between 5.15pm and 5.30pm on Saturday. This includes anyone in the area who has CCTV installed at their home, or dash cam or mobile phone footage in the moments leading up to the incident.

"We currently believe this was a targeted incident and are confident there is no wider threat to the general public. Officers have been in the area to offer reassurance to residents, and we are working hard to piece together the events leading up to this incident."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting Operation Sandford, or report information online here or the Major Crime Unit portal.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can call the organisation anonymously and they don't even need your name, just information about what you know.
