```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a road traffic collision in Podington on Sunday night (23 August).
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2020
title: Family tribute to man who died in a collision in Podington
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-tribute-man-died-collision-podington
```

### Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a road traffic collision in Podington on Sunday night (23 August).

Les Wallis, 76, from Rushden, died as a result of a single vehicle collision in the High Street at around 6pm.

Emergency services attended and Mr Wallis was pronounced dead at the scene.

In a statement, Mr Wallis' family said: "Les was a loving father, grandfather, long term partner to Joyce, and had many friends in the Rushden area.

"He was at his happiest whilst competing in fishing matches and he will be missed by all who knew him."

PC Neil Crosier, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with Mr Wallis' family and friends at this difficult time.

"Whilst we do not believe any other vehicles were involved, we are appealing for information to help us establish the circumstances that led up to this collision.

"If anyone was in the area and saw the grey Skoda Fabia around the time of the incident we would like to hear from you.

"We would also ask for motorists to review their dashcam footage in case it may have captured the car or the incident itself."

Anyone with information about the incident can submit a report online, including dashcam footage, via our website or call PC Crosier on 101 quoting Operation Alder.
