```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are warning the public about the dangers of taking drugs, following a number of drugs related incidents last weekend.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2018
title: Advice issued following number of drug related incidents
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-drug-incidents-june18
```

**We are issuing a warning to the public about the dangers of taking drugs following a number of drugs related incidents over the weekend.**

Two people died and a number of people were taken to hospital between Saturday and Sunday (9 and 10 June) following reports they had been taken ill after taking drugs.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "Over the weekend we received multiple reports of drugs related incidents across the county. The incidents are not believed to be linked, however, these act as a stark reminder to people of the dangers of drug misuse and we are working hard with our partners to raise awareness and prevent further incidents.

"Everyone reacts differently to drugs and you can never predict your reaction; it may not be the same every time. The use of drugs also affects your ability to make sound decisions, increasing someone's vulnerability and potentially putting them in danger.

"With most drugs it is not always clear what ingredients the substances are made up of. With the rise of new psychoactive substances, it is becoming increasingly difficult to know exactly what you are buying.

"So our advice is simple, say no to drugs, and if you do have a substance abuse problem then there are organisations who can help."

For further advice and support, visit the drugs pages on our website. If you are concerned about reports of drug dealing in your area, call police on 101. In the event of an emergency always call 999.
