```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Two Bedfordshire MPs, Andrew Selous and Mohammad Yasin, took part in the national \u2018Give a Day to Policing\u2019 scheme."
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2018
title: Local MPs spend a day in police boots
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mps-day-police-sept18
```

**Two Bedfordshire MPs have taken part in the national 'Give a Day to Policing' scheme during the summer parliamentary recess, to get a greater understanding with how policing works in the county.** **
**

Andrew Selous, MP for South West Bedfordshire, and Mohammad Yasin, MP for Bedford, both spent a day with officers and staff in a number of departments across separate days during the recess.

The local MPs each joined up with officers in the response teams, who go out to deal with immediate and emergency incidents, and spent time with staff in the Force Contact Centre, where 999 and 101 calls are initially received.

During their respective visits, Andrew Selous was present at the unveiling of the force's new Cyber Van, and Mohammad Yasin took part in a live radio broadcast from our Kempston HQ.

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "We were delighted to welcome Andrew and Mohammad into the force, not just to see the challenges we face on a day-to-day basis, but also the great work our officers and staff do.

"Both were able to see some interesting incidents first-hand and get a better understanding of the volume incidents and risk of harm to the public that our officers and staff have to deal with.

 "They were also able to witness how our call operators work and discuss their thoughts on how we police the county.

"It is no secret that Bedfordshire is under-resourced and needs more officers due to being funded as a small rural force yet we have to deal with complex crime challenges more usually seen in large metropolitan areas - this has given our MPs a real taste of what we are up against and hopefully they will continue to support our calls for the extra funding needed to properly police Bedfordshire.

"We look forward to welcoming them back in the near future."

Bedford MP Mohammad Yasin said: "It was a packed day and it was clear to see how busy officers were. They work long shifts without any break, dealing with incredibly difficult situations.

"Our force needs more funding and more officers urgently. The safety of the public and, of course, those dedicated officers is undoubtedly compromised when there isn't enough resource to go around.

"All in all the day was a real eye-opener - I'm so grateful for the work that Bedfordshire Police do, they really deserve our full support".

MP for South West Bedfordshire, Andrew Selous, said: "I have huge admiration for the difficult and demanding work that our police officers and staff do in keeping us all safe.

"It is important that I am well briefed on the challenges the police face and I found the day I spent in Bedfordshire Police Headquarters in Kempston very useful in that respect."
