```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man from Bedford has forfeited his education and will now spend time in a Young Offenders
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Bedford youth sentenced for street robbery with threat of violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/youth-street-robbery-nov19
```

**A 19-year-old man from Bedford has been sentenced to time in a Young Offenders' Institution, following an incident last May where he threatened a student and stole his bag.**

Mohammed Ibrahim, 19, of Gladstone Street, was sentenced to one year and four months on Wednesday (13 November), at Luton Crown Court.

At around 3pm on 2 May, Ibrahim approached a student on Cauldwell Street and demanded he hand over his bag. When his victim tried to reason with him, Ibrahim put him in a headlock and threatened to stab him.

Believing Ibrahim to have a weapon, the man handed over his bag and then returned to his college to report the incident and call the police. No weapon was seen during the incident.

Detective Constable Dave Brecknock, who investigated, said: "Ibrahim's threats of violence were very real, causing genuine fear to his victim.

"His behaviour also means he has forfeited his own education and will now spend time in a Youth Offenders Institute where hopefully he will consider his future conduct.

"I also hope this sentence will serve as a warning to any young people who think robbery and violence, or the threat of violence, are acceptable, and that actions have very real consequences."

Anyone with information about crime is asked to call 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
