```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new anti-hate crime programme has been launched in primary schools across Bedfordshire.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Anti-hate crime project launched in primary schools
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hatecrime-primary-school-launch
```

**A new anti-hate crime programme has been launched in primary schools across Bedfordshire, to teach young children the dangers and impact of prejudice and discrimination.**

It's the first time the partnership between Bedfordshire Police, the Anne Frank Trust UK and Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Kathryn Holloway, has worked with year five children. Since the partnership was first introduced two years ago, it was only rolled out in secondary schools. During the next school year, nine schools will be visited across the county, targeting 900 pupils.

The project was launched at Hillborough Junior School in Luton, on Thursday (27 September). The Deputy Mayor of Luton, Cllr Mark Rivers, attended with Chief of Staff to the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, Clare Kelly, PC Hayley Hunter, school governors and Executive Head John Williams.

Val Ross, Eastern Regional Manager for the Anne Frank Trust UK, explained: "We are now expanding our celebrated programme 'Free To Be' to reach a younger age group, so we can promote positive attitudes and tackle prejudice and hate at a young age. It brings an innovative new anti-bullying element to the Trust's schools programme. It is taught via in-school workshops by members of our education team, as well as officers from Bedfordshire Police.

"Our primary school workshops use Anne Frank's powerful story as a starting point to link with contemporary issues, such as stereotyping, prejudice and bullying. Pupils will go on to lead assemblies and in-school anti-bullying campaigns and will become Junior Anne Frank Ambassadors. They will also form a part of a wider mentoring Ambassador Network with other schools. The project is highly topical, as it reflects current hate-related bullying issues faced by young people today."

Hate Crime Sergeant Carl Perri said: "The work of the Trust is so important for the next generation and community of Bedfordshire. The work the Trust carries out in our schools incorporates a range of dynamic workshops designed to generate debate and discussion on prejudice, hate crime, discrimination and bullying. It enables young people to address often very difficult subjects in a safe and supportive environment. The theme which runs through the project is #NoPlaceForHate, which is an ethos of Bedfordshire Police, as we take hate crimes extremely seriously."

Clare Kelly, Chief of Staff for the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, which provides funding for the Anne Frank Trust's work in local schools, added: "As we know, education is key in eliminating hate from our society. I am so pleased to see the Trust and Bedfordshire Police working with younger children, and educating them about the impact of prejudice and discrimination, and by creating Anti-Hate Crime Ambassadors so they can carry forward the vital messages."

To learn more about how Bedfordshire Police tackles hate crime visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/information-and-services/Crime/Hate-crime-and-hate-incidents. To find out more about the work of education charity the Anne Frank Trust visit www.annefrank.org.uk

_ _
