```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our community team marked numerous successes on the first day of targeted patrols and engagement in Ruthin Close, Luton.
publish:
  date: 25 Jul 2018
title: Police target anti-social behaviour in Ruthin Close, Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ruthin-close-partial-closure-order-operation-loc-jul18
```

Luton South and East community team

**Our Luton community team marked numerous successes on the first day of targeted patrols and engagement in Ruthin Close, Luton, after a court last week decided to impose a Partial Closure Order on the location.**

The force's community team covering the area on Monday (23 July) carried out a targeted operation aiming to resolve issues raised by local residents, including drug use and dealing, littering and anti-social behaviour.

The closure order, imposed by Luton Magistrates' Court on Friday (20 July), was supported by local residents and prevents 'unauthorised visitors' entering the location and its communal areas. Any breach of this order is an arrestable offence.

Officers from the local community team carried out proactive patrols and turned away 10 people who didn't comply with the order's conditions, arresting one person, and also recovered a stolen vehicle and found and secured one knife.

Knife found in Ruthin Close

Anti-social and suspicious behaviour can be reported through the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101. In case of an emergency, always call 999.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

People affected by crime can also contact the Signpost Hub, which offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit _Signpost Hub_ for further information.
