```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We urge you all to help us in keeping children safe by reporting any suspicious activity or concerning behaviour to us as soon as possible and only to share official information.
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2020
title: Reports of suspicious behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beds-news-report-suspicious-sep20
```

**In the past ten days we have received reports of suspicious behaviour towards children in the county, in Leighton Buzzard, Woburn Sands and Biggleswade.**

These are uncertain times for all of us and, with children back at school, we understand any concerns regarding safety will be paramount.

It is only natural that parents will be worried and will want to share messaging around potential risks to their children.

We understand that these incidents can be extremely concerning for our communities. We want to reassure you that while no children were harmed we take reports of any potential risk to children seriously and we are working to establish the circumstances, and our community teams have increased their visibility around local schools.

However, we are also aware that there is a lot of rumour and speculation on social media, with additional incidents being discussed that haven't been reported to the police.

We urge you all to help us in keeping children safe by reporting any suspicious activity or concerning behaviour to us as soon as possible and only to share official information. This allows us to investigate early on, and to build an intelligence picture around any emerging issues so we can take appropriate action.

If an incident is in progress, please call 999. If the incident has already happened, please report online at https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/Report
