```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police held an engagement event for residents at Brookdale Care with autism, mental health needs and learning disabilities, to come together with the community.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2017
title: Bringing the community of Wyboston together
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/wyboston-hate-crime-event
```

**Bedfordshire Police held an engagement event for residents at Brookdale Care with autism, mental health needs and learning disabilities, to come together with the community.**

The event took place at the Milton Park Therapeutic Campus, in The Lane, Wyboston, on Friday (20 October), to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week of Action.

Service users took part in an interactive hate crime workshop and PCSOs then took them into the community to provide crime prevention advice to residents.

PCSO Laura Hoggard, who organised the event, said: "It was a great success with service users at the care home showing real enthusiasm. The staff were amazed by their participation and passion for equality. The feedback was very positive and residents were appreciative of the material provided and a chance to meet people from Brookdale face to face.

"One service user who said she had suffered from bullying and discrimination her whole life told me the event had increased her confidence in the police and she now feels comfortable speaking to officers should she receive any problems in the future."

Gayle Woodcock, Quality Lead at the centre, said: "The event was wonderful for our patients. Having such a positive interaction with the police means so much them. The PCSOs were absolutely brilliant with everyone. It has also helped massively with our community engagement. "

One person who attended the event said: "The event has built my confidence in the police force. I found the day inspiring and insightful - I learnt a lot. Myself and some of the officers went door-to-door and it was interesting to hear the communities perception of Milton Park and it's service users. I felt that these interactions ended positively. I can definitely see the difference that Bedford police are making in tackling Hate Crime."

If you or anyone you know has been affected by hate crime contact Bedfordshire Police on 101 or contact True Vision online at report-it.org.uk or via the Third Party Reporting centres which can be found on the Bedfordshire Police website. You can also keep up what Beds Police is doing to tackle hate crime by following @bedshatecrime on Twitter.
