```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We were called at around 4.30pm to reports that a man had been stabbed during an attack in Essex Close.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: Arrests made following stabbing in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-stabbing-luton-sept20
```

**Four people have been arrested in connection with a stabbing that happened in Luton earlier today (Monday).**

We were called at around 4.30pm to reports that a man had been stabbed during an attack in Essex Close.

Emergency services attended and the victim - a man in his late teens - was taken to hospital with several serious stab wounds.

Two men in their 20s and a teenage boy were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. A woman in her 20s was also arrested on suspicion of assisting offenders in connection with the incident. All four are currently in police custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Martin Eaton said: "We have made four arrests, recovered a weapon and a vehicle and are progressing with our enquiries.

"We are asking for anyone who saw the incident or who has any information to come forward so we can piece together the circumstances around it.

"The use of weapons is unacceptable and we will pursue anyone who thinks otherwise. We will crack down hard on anyone perpetrating this kind of crime."

If you have any information, please visit the force's online reporting tool or call 101, and quote Op Letterkenny.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For help or advice on knife crime and other forms of serious violence, including taking steps to leave a gang, please visit bedsveru.org
