```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are seeking witnesses to a group fighting in Alder Crescent, Luton, yesterday (Monday).
publish:
  date: 28 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following violent daylight disorder in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-aldercrescent-luton-jul20
```

**We have launched an investigation following a violent disorder in Alder Crescent, Luton, yesterday afternoon (27 July). **

At around 4.30pm, we were called to reports of a large group of men fighting with weapons, who then ran off across Blundell Park, towards Waller Avenue.

The men are described as black and Asian, in their late teens or early 20s, wearing dark clothes. Some had hoods up, and others were wearing balaclavas.

Detective Ryan Barnes, from Bedfordshire Police's Crime Investigation Team, said: "It is believed this incident involved a group of up to 15 men, and took place on a residential street in broad daylight.

"Brazen violence is never acceptable on our streets, and local residents should not have to witness such scenes of appalling violent behaviour."

"We have arrested one man in connection with this incident, and would like to identify the others. If you saw anything or have any information that could help our investigation, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can report via Bedfordshire.police.uk/report quoting reference 40/40388/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU), aims to tackle the root causes of serious violence.

You can find out more at https://bedsveru.org/

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
