```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Police were called to a report that an address in Peregrine Road had been shot at, causing considerable damage to the front door and window frame
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2020
title: Police arrest man in connection with Peregrine Road shooting
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peregrine-road-shooting-aug20
```

We have arrested a man in connection with a shooting in the Lewsey Farm area of Luton on Wednesday night (5 August).

Officers were called at 11.07pm to a report that an address in Peregrine Road had been shot at, causing considerable damage to the front door and window frame. Fortunately, no one was injured.

A man in his 20s from Luton was arrested yesterday (Thursday) on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent and has been bailed.

Officers recovered around £30,000 in cash as a result of searches linked to this arrest.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh, our operational lead for drugs, county lines and serious youth violence, said: "We are committed to protecting all of our communities from the scourge of organised crime and the violence, exploitation and anti-social behaviour that comes with it.

"I want to reassure the residents of Lewsey Farm that we are proactively pursuing those involved in the criminal networks which drive these incidents.

"On Monday our Boson team - dedicated to tackling guns and gangs - carried out a warrant in Bunting Road and seized around £2,000 in cash as part of an ongoing drugs supply investigation.

"In July, Boson ran 17.5 hours of specialist Operation Sparkler patrols targeting gangs and drug dealing in Lewsey Farm, more than any other area in the county, and this has continued with a number of further Sparkler patrols this week.

"This has included charging and remanding a man in his 20s for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, as well as arresting another man in his 20s for possession of a knife and drugs possession.

"More widely, Bedfordshire Police together with the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) have over the past few weeks launched one of the most comprehensive crackdowns on organised crime we have ever seen in the county.

"Thanks to the cracking of a criminal encryption system, the force has been able to make 20 arrests, charge eight people and seize £250,000 in cash from offenders suspected of being involved in organised crime in Luton. This is without mentioning the efforts of ERSOU, which has taken seven firearms off the streets of the town as part of the same operation.

"We are doing all we can, but would always implore our communities to help us stamp out organised crime and the exploitation of children and other vulnerable people it relies on. You don't have to talk to us - if you have information or concerns, speak to Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously and in confidence."

If you do want to report anything suspicious in your areas to us, you can do it online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or by calling 101.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

For help or advice on knife crime and other forms of serious violence, including taking steps to leave a gang, please visit bedsveru.org
