```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are continuing to investigate a robbery on the footbridge near Queens Park, Bedford, on 5 September and officers are keen to speak to the men pictured in relation to this incident.
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: CCTV issued in Bedford footbridge robbery investigation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-issued-bedford-footbridge-robbery-investigation
```

### We are continuing to investigate a robbery on the footbridge near Queens Park, Bedford, on 5 September and officers are keen to speak to the men pictured in relation to this incident.

At approximately 11.15pm a man was walking towards Queens Park. When he was on the footbridge between Midland Road and Ford End Road he was approached by three offenders.

One of the offenders punched the victim, causing him to fall. The group then proceeded to assault the victim as he lay on the ground.

The offenders then stole the victim's phone, a quantity of cash and cigarettes, and ran toward the Queens Park area.

The victim sustained serious injuries which required hospital treatment.

Investigating Officer Julia Hinson, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This was a violent and unprovoked attack on the unsuspecting victim. We are keen to speak to the men pictured as we believe they have information about this incident.

"If you recognise them or have information about this robbery please get in touch."

Anyone with information about the incident, or recognise the men in the photograph, please report it online or by calling 101 and quote reference number 40/48304/20.

In case of emergency or if a crime is still in progress always call 999.

If you wish to remain anonymous you can contact Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.
