```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following two arson incidents targeting the same location in Luton on two separate occasions.
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2019
title: Witness appeal after two arson incidents
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arson-appeal-luton-aug19
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following two arson incidents targeting the same location in Luton on two separate occasions.**

The first incident happened at approximately 2.55am on Tuesday 30 July. Three men approached two vehicles in Priory Gardens, Luton, and attempted to smash the windows but were unsuccessful. The offenders then used a material soaked in an accelerant to start a fire next to the cars. On this occasion, the fire went out on its own without causing any damage.

The second incident took place at approximately 11.40pm on Wednesday (7 August). Three men approached a vehicle in Priory Gardens, doused it an accelerant and set it alight. The offenders were seen running from the scene towards Marston Gardens. The fire service was called to extinguish the fire, but the vehicle was burnt out.

Officers are treating both incidents as connected.

Detective Constable Rachel Lydon, who is investigating, said: "These incidents were clearly intended to cause damage to the property and distress to the owners. We are keen to speak to anyone who might have seen anything suspicious in the area prior to the arson.

"We would also like to speak to anyone who has information about the three offenders seen in Priory Gardens at the time."

Anyone with information about this two incident is asked to contact DC Lydon on 101 or by visiting police online reporting centre and quote reference number 40/45552/19.
