```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted in Turners Road South, Luton on 30 September.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following sexual assault in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-assault-appeal-oct2020
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted in Turners Road South, Luton on 30 September. **

At approximately 8.15pm a woman was walking down the street towards Turner Street North. As she went over the footbridge, she was approached by a man who grabbed her and then sexually assaulted her.

The victim managed to push the offender away and run from the scene.

The offender is described as an Asian man, approximately 5'4'' with spiky black hair. At the time of the offence he was seen wearing a striped blue top and baggy, light blue jeans.

PC Sakib Khan, who is investigating, said: "No one should be targeted by this kind of violent behaviour in our neighbourhoods.

"We are dedicated to protecting our communities and we are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed this incident.

"If you've seen anything suspicious at the time or have any information please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police online or through 101 and quote reference number 40/53341/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
