```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are donating 11 recovered bicycles, for which owners were never found, to Luton Borough Council\u2019s bike recycling project."
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2018
title: "\u2018Homeless\u2019 bikes given new lease of life"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/homeless-bikes-luton-june18
```

**We are donating 11 recovered bicycles, for which owners were never found, to Luton Borough Council 's bike recycling project.**

The project is run by Luton Borough Council (LBC), in partnership with Bedford Borough and Central Bedfordshire councils, which are working together in order to promote sustainable transport.

The 11 recovered bikes, some of which have been in the police garage for nearly two years, will undergo repairs and refurbishment before they will be made available to people across the county.

The bikes will be offered to people who are looking for employment across Bedfordshire which they could use one for commuting, as well as to homeless people in shelters in need of transport, or parents who wish to reduce travel cost and time when collecting children from school.

PCSO Rachel Carne said: "There are many ways we can support people in need. Having a free way of commuting is something which is often underestimated. Hopefully, the bikes will be soon be in the hands of people who need them the most, and provide them with the much needed help to improve their lives."

Cllr Paul Castleman, portfolio holder for Planning and Transport, added: "The bike recycling project gives more people access to cycling who would otherwise miss out. It's part of a bigger programme following Luton Council (in partnership with Bedford Borough and Central Bedfordshire Councils) being awarded Sustainable Travel to Access Rail Stations funding by the Department for Transport up to March 2020.

"The programme focuses on the delivery of a range of interventions to promote walking, cycling and bus use to access stations on the Thameslink route between Luton Airport Parkway and Bedford. It builds on infrastructure and station travel and improvement plans already in place to maximise connectivity to employment opportunities and provide access to training and education, whilst reducing parking pressures/congestion and improving air quality issues around the stations themselves and the wider town centres."

Additionally, eight police bicycles will undergo servicing, and will be used by more than 20 officers over the county during proactive community patrols.
