```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2019
title: Witness appeal after teens are robbed in Dunstable
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dunstable-portland-ride-april2019
```

**We're appealing for witnesses following an incident in which four teenage boys were robbed as they cycled in Dunstable last Saturday (30 March).**

At approximately 4.30pm, four teenagers were cycling along the cycle path next to the Dunstable to Luton busway, from the White Lion Retail Park towards Dog Kennel Walk Bridge.

As they approached the Portland Ride junction, four offenders approached from behind and threatened them, demanding they empty their pockets and bags.

They then stole a grey and black Radial bike and an orange VooDoo Bizango bike before making off in the direction of High Street North. The Radial bike has since been recovered.

The four suspects are described as teenagers. One was described as white, aged around 17-years-old, stocky build, and was wearing a navy blue Adidas tracksuit, while two were described as black and one as mixed race.

Detective Constable Richard Marshall, investigating, said: "This incident happened in daylight on a Saturday afternoon and has the victims very shaken. We are keen to establish the facts of this incident and are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything, or who may have seen the distinctive orange mountain bike after it was stolen."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Marshall by calling 101, or via the Bedfordshire Police online reporting centre, quoting reference number 40/18389/19.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Two people have been arrested in connection with this incident and have been released on bail.
