```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Woman jailed after \u2018deadly cocktail\u2019 of alcohol and speeding caused date\u2019s death"
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2020
title: "Woman jailed after alcohol and speeding caused date\u2019s death"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-jailed-after-alcohol-speeding-caused-dates-death
```

### A woman who was over the drink drive limit when she crashed her car, killing her passenger after their first date, has been jailed.

Lauren Iles, 26, of Reeve Close, Leighton Buzzard, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (10 July) to two years and four months in prison after she had pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.

An investigation into the fatal collision on 18 November 2018, carried out by Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire and our own Roads Policing Unit, found that Iles had been over the legal drink-drive limit when transporting victim Michael McMahon, 28, home from their first date in Hertfordshire.

Forensic investigation carried out by the team also found Iles to have been driving between 72 and 96 miles per hour on the A1081 at Luton when she lost control of her black BMW 120D Sport. After having overtaken another vehicle at speed, Iles drove her vehicle into trees and shrubbery, ending up in a field off the nearside of the carriageway.

Sergeant James Thorne from the Roads Policing Unit said: "Tragically, Mr McMahon was pronounced dead at the scene and Iles, though largely uninjured, was also found to have been 15 micrograms over the legal drink-drive breath limit of 30 micrograms, following a roadside breath test.

"This, coupled with Iles' brazen disregard for the speed limit and safety of road manoeuvres, was a deadly cocktail and sadly resulted in the needless loss of her date's life.

"This case and the sentence passed at court are a stark reminder of the need to observe the rules of the road and avoid the fatal four behaviours, including speeding and drink driving.

"Even a small number of drinks during a fun day out, as was meant to be in this case, can have severe and life-changing consequences if you choose to get behind the wheel of a car."

As well as being jailed for a total of 28 months, Iles was also banned from driving for three years.
