```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: There has been a spike of car key burglaries in the south of the county.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2019
title: Burglary spike prompts witness appeal
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-spike-south-mar19
```

We are urging residents to remain vigilant and is asking to report any suspicious activity following a car key burglary spike in the south of the county.

In recent day the force has received seven reports of car key burglaries in the Dunstable, Totternhoe and Toddington areas.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from the force's Operation Maze team, said: "Operation Maze is a dedicated team targeting burglary in our county.

"We continue to see incidents where burglars are breaking into houses with the specific intention to steal car keys and then subsequently steal the car. We would advise residents to consider fitting security measures such as lighting, CCTV, and burglar alarms, and we recommend keeping car keys and other valuables out of sight within the property. I would also encourage you to visit our website for further crime prevention advice, to help reduce the risk of becoming a victim of crime."

Earlier this week two vehicles were stolen following a burglary in Spoondell, Dunstable.

Between 10.20pm on Tuesday 12 March and 5.20am on Wednesday 13 March offenders gained entry to a property and stole keys, before making off in two stolen vehicles; a white Vauxhall Mokka with the registration number LM14 KVE, and a silver Citroen Dispatch van with the registration number NX02 WCA.

Anyone with information about this burglary is asked to contact PC Harpin by calling 101 or by visiting the force's online reporting centre quoting reference number 40/14644/18.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

View our burglary section for crime prevention advice or report any suspicious activity in your area online.
