```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Trevor Rodenhurst has been confirmed as our new Deputy Chief Constable following an interview process this week.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2019
title: New DCC announced for Bedfordshire Police
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-dcc-announced-aug19
```

**Trevor Rodenhurst has been confirmed as our new Deputy Chief Constable following an interview process this week.**

The current Assistant Chief Constable of the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) was selected to step into the role vacated by Bedfordshire Police's new Chief Constable Garry Forsyth.

Mr Forsyth said: "I'm thrilled to be announcing Trevor as my new deputy. He is an outstanding leader and brings a wealth of experience particularly from his role leading the regional response to tackling serious organised crime and terrorism.

"I'm genuinely excited about bringing him into our leadership team as we strive to take Bedfordshire from strength to strength. One of my key aims as Chief Constable is to improve even further our ability to clamp down on organised crime, and Trevor will play a key part in helping us to achieve that ambition."

Mr Rodenhurst has been Assistant Chief Constable for ERSOU since July 2017, and had previously been Detective Chief Superintendent in the regional unit.

Police & Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway said: "I'm delighted that Trevor Rodenhurst is to be Bedfordshire Police's new Deputy Chief Constable. I've known him for over three years as he is currently the day to day operational lead of the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit overseeing both Counter Terror investigations and those for Serious Organised Crime, as I chair its governance board for the seven forces of the East of England.

"It's been absolutely obvious to me that Trevor is not only hugely popular but commands the respect of his officers and staff. He's been responsible for real innovation; appointing a member of police staff to a senior position in relation to Serious Organised Crime, which creates a genuine set of opportunities and a career path with had previously been closed to them and he masterminded a plan to avoid a £3m deficit in finances.

"Trevor is an all-rounder. He will be a fantastic support for the new Chief Constable, Garry Forsyth, and I'm really looking forward to working with him more closely as we move forward at Bedfordshire Police."

Bedfordshire's DCC role has a responsibility for both Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Joint Protective Services - which comprises collaborated units such as Roads Policing, Firearms and Major Crime - and ERSOU which tackles serious organised crime and counter terrorism across the region.

He said: "I'm incredibly proud to be selected as the Deputy Chief Constable for Bedfordshire. It really is a fantastic force - and also my home constabulary as I live in the county, so this appointment is particularly special for me on a personal level.

"I look forward to working closely with Chief Constable Garry Forsyth to continue the fantastic progress that has been already achieved by his predecessor Jon Boutcher and Police & Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway."
