```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Were you by the Black Cat roundabout, Sandy on Friday 9 October? Did you witness an assault?
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: A1 road rage incident sparks witness appeal
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/a1-road-rage-appeal-oct20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after an incident where a motorist was assaulted at the Black Cat roundabout traffic lights.

On Friday 9 October, at around 8.10am, the victim was driving his white Vauxhall Combo van and had stopped to merge onto the busy A1 northbound, from the Sandy slip road.

As he attempted to make the manoeuvre safely, the driver of a grey Volkswagen Passat estate behind him continually sounded his horn.

Both vehicles then drove onto the A1, with the Passat driver continuing to follow the white van, pulling alongside, then driving in front of the victim's car, in an aggressive manner.

At the traffic lights, the driver got out of his vehicle and approached the victim's car. When the victim opened his window to speak, the man pulled the keys out of the ignition, whereupon the victim wrestled the keys back, and sustained a broken finger.

The man then punched the victim to the head, causing minor injuries.

As the traffic lights turned green, the victim left the scene.

The offender is described as a white man, around 30 years old, with a shaven head. He was wearing a black jacket and trousers, and a light blue top.

Officers are now seeking to trace the driver of the grey Volkswagen Passat, or any witnesses to the incident.

PC Adam Lacey from Bedfordshire Police's Crime Investigation Team said: "This happened on a busy dual carriageway during peak morning traffic.

"The victim was left with injuries and was badly shaken, and I would ask anyone who witnessed this incident, or has any dashcam footage of the area at the time, to come forward and help our investigation.

"The safety of those using the roads in our county is paramount, and such behaviour behind the wheel can have fatal consequences."

If you have any information, please contact us via our online reporting centre or via 101 quoting reference number 40/54912/20.
