```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Applications open today (4 May) as Bedfordshire Police launches its latest recruitment drive.
publish:
  date: 4 May 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police is recruiting police officers and detectives
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-officers-detectives-may2018
```

Applications open today (4 May) as we launch our latest recruitment drive.

We're continuing to recruit police officers, but in the latest round we're also looking to recruit detectives as part of our new Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP).

The programme, which has not been run before in Bedfordshire, will see successful applicants completing 16 weeks of training and a two year probation period. After a year as a PC, if they meet the necessary requirements, they can complete the training needed to obtain a qualification to enable them to become a detective.

We're hosting three information evenings for people who are interested in becoming a detective:

 * Monday 14 May at Police Headquarters in Kempston from 6.30pm - 8.30pm
 * Thursday 17 May at Luton University (Room G101) from 6.30pm - 8.30pm
 * Sunday 20 May at the Rufus Centre, Flitwick from 10am - midday

Detective Chief Superintendent Sharn Basra, Head of Crime & Public Protection, said: "In order to qualify as a detective, successful candidates will complete initial training and work as a police officer in our response and community teams which will take about a year. This will give them practical policing experience, and will combine with other skills like curiosity, excellent decision making and the ability to problem solve.

"In their second year they will start their detective training, which gives candidates the opportunity to work with various teams, focussing on priorities for the force, such as burglary, domestic abuse and rape or serious and organised crime.

"We're continuing to recruit police officers, too, who will bolster the force's response and community teams. Our officers play a vital role in protecting the public and making Bedfordshire a safe place for all our communities, and we're continuing to recruit dedicated people with local knowledge who want to make a real difference in the county."

Recruitment for police officers will close on 27 May, and recruitment for detectives will close on 3 June, and applicants are invited to complete an online application form.

After a paper sift, successful candidates will be invited to take part in a national, independent assessment that every potential recruit must attend to demonstrate they meet the standards required of police officers. Those who pass the assessment centre will then be invited to an interview.

Apply for the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.

Apply to be a police officer.

Candidates can only apply for one role, not both.
