```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man pleaded guilty to drug offences, and was jailed for more than three years, at Luton Crown Court on Friday (9 October).
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Luton drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-drug-dealer-jailed
```

### A man pleaded guilty to drug offences, and was jailed for more than three years, at Luton Crown Court on Friday (9 October).

Samad Ali, 29, of Crawley Green Road, Luton, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, cocaine and heroin, after being arrested in Luton town centre in August.

On 26 August, Ali was seen running by an officer on patrol who followed Ali and saw him trying to dispose of a bag.

Following Ali's arrest, the bag was inspected and over 70 wraps of cocaine were found inside. A further bag was also found to contain 36 wraps of heroin.

Ali was sentenced to 40 months' imprisonment to run concurrently for both counts of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

PC Helen Pecorini, who investigated, said: "Drugs cause tremendous misery and damage to our communities.

"We will continue to pursue those offenders looking to make a profit by peddling drugs in our neighbourhoods.

"Hopefully this sentence will serve as a warning to all drug dealers that we will continue to target and disrupt their illegal activities and bring them to justice."

If you have information about drug dealing or any other criminality in your area you can report it online by visiting our website report page or by calling 101.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
