```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Biggleswade.
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Biggleswade
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-biggleswade
```

**We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Biggleswade.**

At around 12.40am on Friday (2 October) two men entered a property in Ashby Drive, Biggleswade after smashing several windows and the back door.

The occupant was upstairs in the property, where he was approached by a man who threatened him with what was believed to be a pickaxe.

Subsequently, the victim handed over his vehicle keys and the two suspects fled the scene in the stolen vehicle, a red Volkswagen Golf.

One of the suspects was described as approximately 16 years old, short, of slim build and wearing a grey hoodie with a face covering. The other man was described as approximately 30 years old, tall, of slim build and with dark hair. He was not wearing a face covering.

Later on, we received reports of a road traffic collision involving the stolen red Volkswagen and a silver Hyundai in Southill.

The Golf was recovered later on Friday morning in Houghton Conquest.

Detective Constable Andy Boston, investigating, said: "This incident has left the occupants of the house shaken and I am keen to hear from anyone who saw two men in these areas early on Friday morning, or anyone who may have seen a red Volkswagen Golf with occupants matching the description of these men."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC Boston via the force's website or by calling 101 and quoting reference number 16 of 2 October.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
