```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man was jailed yesterday (Thursday) after assaulting a woman on Monday evening.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2020
title: Man jailed less than four days after committing assault
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-four-days-after-committing-assault
```

### A man was jailed yesterday (Thursday) after assaulting a woman on Monday evening.

At around 7pm on Monday (20 July) Lee Hallett, 40, of Everton Road, Potton, was arrested by officers responding to a report of an altercation at the address, during which a woman said she had been assaulted by another woman.

At the scene, officers were able to establish from the victim that she had in fact been assaulted by Hallett, who had punched her and burned her with a cigarette.

Hallett was charged with assault by beating on Wednesday (22 July), and yesterday (23 July) was jailed for 18 weeks at Luton Magistrates' Court, after pleading guilty.

Our Detective Sergeant Nashoria Hussain, who led the investigation, said: "Justice was swiftly served and Hallett is now locked up where he will have some time to think about his behaviour.

"We will not tolerate violence in our communities, and will work with our partners in the criminal justice system to deal with offenders."

If you are a victim of violence, you can make a report via the online reporting centre on the force website.

In an emergency, or if a crime is in progress, always call 999.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit here for further information
