```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Policing Minister Nick Hurd congratulated our police force on our work recruiting from minority communities at a national conference on diversity in policing yesterday (Thursday).
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: Policing Minister praises Bedfordshire Police for BME recruitment
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bme_conference_success_june18
```

**Policing Minister Nick Hurd congratulated our police force on our work recruiting from minority communities at a national conference on diversity in policing yesterday (Thursday). **

Mr Hurd praised the force at the BME Network annual conference held at force headquarters in Kempston after hearing about the work taking place in Bedfordshire to encourage a more diverse workforce, to be more reflective of the county's communities.

Almost 180 people attended the conference which saw speakers from various organisations discuss current issues around diversity.

Speaking after the event, Mr Hurd, the Minister for Policing and the Fire Service, said: "Diversity is an important part of operational effectiveness for police and is essential to maintaining public trust. "

"Bedfordshire Police has made real progress in ensuring the force reflects the community it serves. I look forward to working with Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and other police leaders to speed up progress on diversity."

In 2016, the force was the third worst force in the country for diversity and representation, with approximately 5.5 per cent of the workforce from diverse backgrounds - while 23.5 per cent of Bedfordshire's communities were from diverse backgrounds.

Since December 2016, the force has recruited 206 new police officers, and is now the third most representative force, following the Metropolitan Police and Greater Manchester Police. 11 per cent of Bedfordshire Police's workforce is now from Black and Minority Ethnic (BME) communities, compared to 23 per cent of the county's communities.

Last year, the force's recruitment team was recognised during the National Black Police Association Annual General Meeting (NBPA AGM), and received an award for its ongoing work to encourage more people from BME backgrounds to consider a career with the force.

 Chief Constable Jon Boutcher, who opened the event, is also the national policing lead for race and religion. Mr Boutcher said: "I'm a great believer that the police force should reflect the communities we serve. Our drive to attract candidates from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds has created a momentum I've not seen before in policing and is something I'm really proud of.

"This conference is another stepping stone on the journey to making race and associated issues business as usual in policing. We need to have the trust and confidence of all of our communities and all of our staff. This event makes sure that we never stop working to earn that trust."

Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Kathryn Holloway said: "Nick Hurd specifically thanked the chief constable and I for the particular emphasis we both put on increasing diversity in our force and in policing as a whole which has brought outstanding results. It's right there in my Police and Crime Plan and Jon Boutcher and I had talked at length about this as a joint priority for Bedfordshire Police before I even stood for election.

"It's not only the morally right thing to do, to reflect our communities in the make-up of the force, but brings talents and skills to our policing that are absolutely critical, including speaking a range of languages and a knowledge of culture and community backgrounds. This does not mean for a single second that our other officers are not valued as highly but, as Nick Hurd said, we need to recruit from the widest talent pool possible and policing has never done that, which is an absolute disgrace which has to be challenged and changed in 2018."

BME Network Chair, Inspector Mike Chand said: "We have worked hard to be more targeted in our approach to recruiting, as we know that some communities have previously not felt confident in applying to the force, and the results we have seen so far have been promising. "The annual conference is a great way to bring together members of the force as well as external speakers to highlight issues relating to diversity.

"The aim of the BME network, and of our conference, is to create understanding amongst the force to ensure the culture of the organisation is diverse and inclusive so we can positively impact the future."

President of the National Black Police Association, Tola Munro said: "Bedfordshire Police has done an excellent job in terms of recruitment, and this has been recognised by ourselves and others. Other forces are now looking to see the Bedfordshire model. Representation is now second only to the Metropolitan Police, which is significant.

"The issue now is about progression. Our members already in the police service have encountered hurdles when progressing to specialist areas, or higher grades and ranks. "The challenge to them is to look at what Bedfordshire has done, and replicate it, pushing the race agenda forward."

Nick Hurd
