```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging England fans in the county to keep up their good behaviour during the world cup.
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: Police urge fans to keep up good behaviour ahead of World Cup semi-final
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/football-behaviour-july2018
```

**We are urging England fans in the county to keep up their good behaviour ahead of tomorrow 's (Wednesday) FIFA World Cup semi-final against Croatia.**

Last weekend's game against Sweden was largely enjoyed in exactly the right spirit, with only a handful of incidents requiring police action across the county.

This reflects the positive way in which Bedfordshire fans have supported England so far, with games being enjoyed in the right way and supporters not overstepping the mark. Nationally, a small minority of fans caused significant disorder after the quarter-final match against Sweden.

Reports received from 44 police forces across England and Wales (including British Transport Police), show a worrying level of, mostly, alcohol-related disorder. Some 387 incidents were recorded over the weekend across the country, and more than 70 arrests were made.

Since the tournament began, there have been a total of 1,086 football-related incidents nationally, with 226 domestic abuse related incidents and 230 arrests being made overall.

In Bedfordshire, two arrests were made in relation to the football this weekend, one for criminal damage and another for a minor crowd disturbance. An estimated 1,500 people celebrated the game in Bedford High Street without incident.

Superintendent Nick Lyall, who is overseeing the police operation, said: "I'd like to say thank you to the England fans in Bedfordshire - the response from them so far in this tournament has been excellent, with supporters getting behind the team but not overdoing it.

"However, given the scenes we saw elsewhere in the country at the weekend, I would just urge our county's England fans to enjoy tomorrow's game in the same fashion as previous matches.

"Plan your way home, don't drink too much or get behind the wheel after drinking alcohol - the consequences are just not worth the risk."
