```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested following a disorder in Luton yesterday evening (Thursday).
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Arrest made following disorder in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-made-following-disorder-in-luton
```

### A man has been arrested following a disorder in Luton yesterday evening (Thursday).

Officers from our force were called at around 6.15pm to Arrow Close, after receiving several reports of a large group of people fighting with weapons.

An 18-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and is currently in police custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Lee Martin, from the force's Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are currently investigating the circumstances around the incident and track down the people involved.

"This type of violence is never acceptable on our streets, and local residents should not have to witness such scenes of appalling violent behaviour.

"We have arrested one man in connection with this incident, and would like to identify the others. If you saw anything or have any information that could help our investigation, please get in touch."

If anyone was in the area at the time, or has any information, please contact DI Martin through the online reporting tool or call 101, quoting reference 40/56220/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU), aims to tackle the root causes of serious violence. You can find out more at bedsveru.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit sign post for bedfordshire for further information.
