```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The roof of a church in Houghton Conquest has been stripped of lead, sparking a police investigation.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Lead taken from Houghton Conquest Church Roof
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/church-lead-theft-october2018
```

**The roof of a church in Houghton Conquest has been stripped of lead, sparking a police investigation.**

All Saints Church in Houghton Conquest reported yesterday (Wednesday) that the lead had been stolen, suspecting it had been taken at some point between 30 September and 2 October.

Bedfordshire Police have now launched an investigation.

Inspector Nick Masters said: "We have received a report that all of the lead from the roof of All Saints Church in Houghton Conquest has been stolen.

"From looking into this further, we suspect the people responsible may have been going backwards and forwards to the church for a prolonged period of time; due to the sheer quantity of lead taken, it's unlikely that it happened over a few days. It's likely that the people responsible were driving trucks or vans so they could transport scaffolding or ladders in order to access the roof of the church, and may have posed as tradesmen.

"Therefore, we're asking anyone who has seen anything suspicious in the area over the past few weeks to get in touch. Perhaps you have seen an increase in vans or people wearing high-vis jackets in the area recently, in which case we'd ask you to get in touch and tell us where and when you saw them.

"If any local residents have any CCTV covering the area, does it cover the close vicinity of the church? If so, have you seen anything suspicious on reviewing it that might be helpful to our investigation?

"This is an audacious incident and we're exploring a number of lines of enquiry to find out how this happened. Clearly this is unacceptable and we're taking this incredibly seriously."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 or report using the online reporting tool at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report
