```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A number of properties raided last week as part of an investigation into sexual exploitation have been shut down.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2019
title: Suspected brothels closed down following multi-agency operation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/brothels-closed-thame-dec19
```

**A number of properties raided last week as part of an investigation into sexual exploitation have been shut down. **

Following the multi-agency action on Tuesday (10 December), four suspected brothels in Luton have been hit with a closure order by the courts, banning anyone from entering the premises for a total of three months.

A police application to close a fifth property, also thought to be linked to organised crime, is due to be heard at court.

Hungarian and Romanian women found at the properties were each offered safeguarding support through the national referral mechanism for victims of modern slavery.

A child who was made subject to a public protection order during the operation remains under safeguarding care of the local authority.

Eight people arrested during the operation, which also aimed to combat human trafficking in the town, have since been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.

Inspector Jim Goldsmith, who led the operation, said: "Our co-ordinated series of warrants was designed to cause maximum disruption to the off-street sex trade in Luton, which we know has links to the exploitation of vulnerable people for criminal gain.

"Following last week's warrants, we have continued to dismantle this dark and dangerous enterprise by pursuing civil closure orders through the courts. "We are pleased that through this partnership effort we have not only managed to offer safeguarding and support to those at risk, but also prevented any further criminality or exploitation from taking place at these properties."

More than 150 specialists supported Tuesday's enforcement including partners from Luton Council, local charity Azalea, the National Crime Agency and the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU).

If you have information about a suspected brothel, please report it to police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report You can also report information anonymously via the Modern Slavery Helpline, on 08000 121 700.

Azalea is a local charity working with the victims of human trafficking. For advice or to report any concerns contact them on 01582 227303.
