```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police is appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Leighton Buzzard.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following aggravated burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary
```

### We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Leighton Buzzard.

On Sunday (26 July), at approximately 9pm, two men forced their way into a property on Meadow Way and threatened the occupant with a knife.

The men searched the property and stole a number of items including jewellery, a designer bag and a safe, before leaving in the direction of Rye Close.

One of the men was described as white, wearing grey tracksuit jogging bottoms and a black jacket and was holding a large kitchen knife.

The other is described as black, taller than the white male and of a stocky build. He was possibly wearing a brown or orange jacket.

Both men were wearing face masks.

PC Leila Sadri-Hall, investigating, said: "This incident terrified the occupants of the home and left the victim with minor injuries.

"We have arrested one man in connection with this incident, and he has been released under investigation, but we are keen to identify the two men who have been described.

"I would like to hear from anyone who saw two men in the area at the time of the offence, or who saw anyone acting suspicious."

Anyone with any information is asked to report via the force's online reporting centre, quoting reference number 40/40268/20

Alternatively, by calling independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
