```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police seeks new special constables
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/specials-info-evening-june2018
```

**We are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated local people who want to make a difference in their communities to become volunteer police officers, also known as special constables. **

An information evening for people wanting to find out more on joining the Special Constabulary will take place at Police Headquarters in Kempston on Wednesday, 4 July starting at 7.30pm.

The event will give members of the public an opportunity to hear from serving specials and find out more about the application process, from completing an forms to the training received by successful applicants.

Special constabulary Chief Officer Clint Sharp said: "The specials are a fantastic group of people, who all volunteer with the force around their other commitments. We ask people to volunteer a minimum of 16 hours a month, but we have teachers volunteering with us who volunteer the majority of their hours during holidays, so there is a certain degree of flexibility to enable you to participate in volunteering.

"We are also keen to recruit community special constables who want to make a difference in the community they live in, and have local knowledge of their area. We have excellent support from the force's community teams, who help us develop and train the specials, so I would encourage people who wants to expand their horizons and is keen to develop some new to get in touch with us."

Special constables must be over 18 and able to commit a minimum of 16 hours a month to the role, although Bedfordshire's specials regularly volunteer an average of 28 hours a month.

To find out more about the Special Constabulary, visit our recruitment pages. To register for the information evening on 4 July, visit the event page.

The Special Constabulary is the UK's volunteer police force; Specials work closely with full time police officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) both to patrol Bedfordshire's rural and urban communities, and volunteer in specialist units. After completing their initial training and taking their oaths, Specials are given up to two years of on-the-job tuition and support from experienced colleagues before they become independent.
