```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Be vigilant when approached by strangers, by phone or in person, asking for personal details.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2018
title: Be vigilant with your personal details
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vigilent-personal-details-March18
```

**We are asking the public to be vigilant when approached by strangers, either by phone or in person, asking for personal details. **

In particular we are urging people to be aware of courier fraud. In cases like this, fraudsters will call a victim pretending to be from their bank or building society, convincing them to give out their card details over the phone. They then arrange for a courier to pick up the bank card to take it away claiming it's to be used for evidence or that it will be destroyed.

In reality, the card is collected by a courier and taken to the fraudsters so they can use it to withdraw money.

A police officer or bank will never:

 * Ask for your personal financial information over the phone, including your PIN
 * Invite you to make purchases either over the phone, online or in person
 * Ask you to move money from your account
 * Instruct you not to tell anyone about what they are asking you to do, or instruct you to lie to other officials about what you are doing

We are issuing advice to Bedfordshire residents following a Cambridgeshire Constabulary investigation into a series of fraud incidents.

Inspector Gareth Coombs from Bedfordshire Police said: "If you take a call from someone who you believe is not genuine, hang up, and contact either Action Fraud or the police. Where possible use a different phone to make the call in case the fraudulent caller is still on the line. If you do give your details to someone who you later believe is not credible, it's important that you contact the bank immediately.

"Always check the caller's credentials. Never click any email link you are unsure of, or respond to any unsolicited emails or calls.

"We'd also encouraging people to speak to elderly friends, neighbours, and family members, and remind them of the importance of keeping their personal information safe."

You can report scams and attempts to obtain personal information to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.

You can find more advice on fraud on the our website or via the Action Fraud website.
