```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Thursday\u2019s event at the Corn Exchange in Bedford saw experts from the police, local authorities, charities and the wider public come together."
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: Around 300 people attend landmark conference to tackle youth exploitation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-conference-exploitation-sept18
```

**Around 300 professionals who work with children and young people in Bedfordshire have come together for a landmark conference aimed at clamping down on youth exploitation in the county.**

Thursday's event at the Corn Exchange in Bedford saw experts from the police, local authorities, charities and the wider public come together to share their experience around protecting vulnerable young people.

It builds on months of work by the various groups to foster closer links between different agencies in Bedfordshire to combat issues such as county lines, modern slavery and child sexual exploitation.

Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire, from Bedfordshire Police, said: "We know that Bedfordshire faces a challenge in areas such as organised crime, gangs and serious youth violence.

"We have had two murders in Bedford in recent weeks and one as recently as last night. This sort of violence is something that all of us as professionals should be concerned about and be doing all we can to tackle.

"It would of course be helpful if our funding better reflected the challenges we face, but we also have to make better use of the resources we have and partnership working is a key part of that.

"The different skills and information held by the police, other public sector bodies, charities and communities can all be harnessed to help us get a better understanding of the risks faced by young people in our county.

"No one agency is able to address these issues alone, and events like this one are really important in building those links across the various groups, tapping into different skills and making Bedfordshire a safer place for our young people."

Cllr Colleen Atkins, portfolio holder for community safety at Bedford Borough Council, said: "Working in partnership is key, and this Bedfordshire Youth Workshop provided a great opportunity for knowledgeable and skilled staff in different organisations to meet and work together to find solutions for the risks facing young people across the area."

Laura Church, chair of the community safety partnership and corporate director at Luton Council, said: "Events like the Bedfordshire Youth Workshop are a really good way for all the relevant partners to come together, to share their expertise and knowledge in order to try and tackle the important issue of the exploitation of young people".

Bedfordshire Police, the three community safety partnerships in the county, covering Bedford Borough, Central Bedfordshire and Luton, and the Bedfordshire and Luton youth offending services worked together to organise the event, which builds on different initiatives already underway.

As well as senior professionals and experts, the conference heard from Channitta Lendore, whose brother Isaac Stone was killed by a gang in Bedford in 2014. She now works with young people to tackle knife crime through her enterprise Dynamic Decisions.

There were also passionate presentations from St Giles Trust and Right Time to Shine, two social enterprises where former gang members are working with young people to turn their lives around.

The conference heard about the threats posed to young people from older criminals looking to exploit them, which can underpin various types of criminality.

As well as issues such as modern slavery and child sexual exploitation, this can also include county lines drug dealing, where children not even in their teens yet have been approached by older men to deal drugs.

Young people can also be recruited into gangs by older members and encouraged to start breaking the law.

ACC Sebire said: "Older criminals are exploiting teenagers and even younger children in Bedfordshire, often using them to further their criminal enterprises.

"This sort of exploitation is an absolute priority for the force and our partners to tackle, and the work we have seen at the conference and which is already underway across these different areas is hugely important to help us achieve that goal."

**How we are working together to stop youth exploitation**

**Gangs:** The Serious Youth Violence Panel is a multi-agency meeting covering Bedford and Central Bedfordshire, which looks at all aspects and concerns associated with weapons. Youth violence in Luton is assessed by a similar group, the Multi-Agency Gang Panel (MAGPan). Recently, senior gang members in Bedford have been jailed to a total of 185 years imprisonment as a result of the force's Operation Kruse investigations. Boson is a dedicated unit to tackle gun and gang crime in Luton and recently secured a nine-and-a-half year sentence for a man from Luton for drugs and firearms offences.

**County lines:** Bedfordshire Police has made more than 20 arrests linked to county lines operations since June. The force is aware of children not even in their teens yet being targeted by older gang members in Bedfordshire to deal drugs. There is a multi-agency board which meets every month looking at how police and partners can tackle county lines and organised crime groups.

**Child Sexual Exploitation:** Police and partners recently launched the 'It Happens to Boys Too' campaign to highlight the risk of CSE to boys. There are regular multi-agency meetings in this area.

**Modern Slavery:** The Bedfordshire Anti-Slavery Partnership was established last year to coordinate efforts around tackling modern slavery. Justine Currell is an executive director of the anti-slavery charity Unseen as well as the Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner in Bedfordshire.
