```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted whilst walking in the Church Arcade/Dane Street area in Bedford on Monday evening.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: Police appeal for witnesses following sexual assault in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-assault-appeal-dec18
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted in Bedford on Monday evening (17 December). **

At around 5.50pm, the woman was walking in the Church Arcade/Dane Street area in the town centre when a man approached her and asked for a cigarette. When she said she didn't have one, he sexually assaulted her.

He is described as white, with dark hair and was clean shaven, approximately 5'8''. He was wearing a black puffa jacket and black jogging bottoms or jeans.

Detective Inspector Lorraine Coombes, investigating, said: "We are keen to speak to anyone who was near Church Arcade or Dane Street and the surrounding areas at the time of the incident, or anyone who may know who is responsible, as this vital information could help our investigation.

"We are taking this incident extremely seriously and have put extra high visibility patrols in the area. This is an unacceptable incident and we will do all we can to trace the perpetrator, as well as supporting the victim."

Anyone with information is asked to contact 101 quoting reference 40/44815/18 or call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 028 2887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
