```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Joggers, cyclists and walkers are being urged to report suspicious behaviour following a number of incidents in Kempston.
publish:
  date: 24 Aug 2020
title: "Exercising outdoors \u2013 be our eyes and ears"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/exercising-outdoors-be-our-eyes-and-ears
```

### Joggers, cyclists and walkers are being urged to report suspicious behaviour following a number of incidents in Kempston.

A number of joggers have reported being harassed in the Addison Howard park area over recent weeks. Patrols have been stepped up, and the force is now encouraging members of our communities to help tackle this unacceptable behaviour.

PC Lianne Moore said: "First of all we would like to reiterate that any behaviour that makes you feel uncomfortable or threatened will not be tolerated. Everybody has the right to exercise in confidence and our streets, paths and parks should be a safe place for everyone.

"Jogging, cycling and outdoor sports activities are a great way to stay fit and healthy, particularly during the current pandemic when we are encouraging people to reduce the amount of time spent indoors - but it also puts you in unique position to help keep our neighbourhoods safe.

"If you are out and about and see something suspicious don't hesitate to contact the police. We would encourage people to report any incidents as soon as you witness them, this will help us build a better picture in order to target our patrols and identify any potential offenders."

If you witnessed or have any information about inappropriate or indecent behaviour report it online or call 101.

In case of emergency or if the crime is still in progress always call 999.
