```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Luton Community Team has successfully secured one partial and one full, three-month closure orders on two properties in Luton.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Luton team continues to crack down on anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-property-closures-sept18
```

PC Michael Trinder in front of St Saviours Crescent property New Bedford Road property

**Our Luton Community Team has successfully secured one partial and one full, three-month closure orders on two properties in Luton.**

On Saturday (8 September), a partial closure order was issued at Luton Magistrates' court on a property in New Bedford Road, after it was served with a closure notice following the discovery of a large quantity of drugs at the location on Friday. This means that the property can be only accessed by approved individuals.

In addition, another property in St Saviours Crescent, Luton, has been fully closed for a period of three months at Luton Magistrates' Court today (10 September). This is as a result of a previously issued partial closure order, due to on-going anti-social behaviour, which was ineffective. This is the second property closed in this street in a week.

Sergeant John Killick said: "We are committed to tackling anti-social behaviour in our neighbourhoods. We hope these two closure orders, issued by the court, will serve as a warning that we will take action against individuals causing disruption, and target the locations identified as a source of criminal and anti-social behaviour.

"We encourage residents to come forward with any information about crime in their areas, and we will treat all reports seriously."

If you wish to report anti-social behaviour or crime in your area, you can do so through the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101. In case of emergency always call 999.
