```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire\u2019s Independent Advisory Groups (IAGs) are now looking for new members."
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2021
title: Could you be an independent advisor to the police?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/independent-police-advisor-Jan21
```

Bedfordshire's Independent Advisory Groups (IAGs) are now looking for new members.

Bedfordshire has two IAGs made up of a panel of volunteers, with one group in the north of the county and one in the south.

The panel provides independent advice to Bedfordshire Police to ensure the force is providing the best possible service to the communities it serves.

Volunteers from a range of backgrounds, communities and groups sit on both panels, and ensure that all services, policies, procedures and practices are free from any kind of discrimination. The south IAG is looking to recruit four members and the north IAG is looking to recruit five members, with the aim of each panel to have 15 members in total. Applications are open now and will close on Thursday 28 January. Mark Cattle, Chair of the north IAG, said: "IAGs provide independent advice to the police aimed at improving the quality of their services to all communities. We help them better understand local communities and build the right kind of service for the people of Bedfordshire.

"As an IAG member you could be involved in a wide variety of ways, such as advising on policy and strategy, providing advice during critical incidents or participating in, and evaluating, training. So if you find this and the concept of representing your community interesting, please apply." Nigel Taylor, Chair of the south IAG, said: "In my opinion contributing advice via the IAG is very important for our communities. It not only serves as a community voice into critical incidents and police policy, but it serves as a reminder during important and difficult situations of the wider community impact.

"Serving on an IAG should personally grow you as a person through experience and training, as you serve the communities of Bedfordshire." Chief Inspector Jamie Langwith from Bedfordshire Police said: "We work closely with the IAGs and see them as our 'critical friends'; their independent advice is vital for the force.

"We are now looking to increase the membership of each IAG, and we are keen to encourage a really wide range of people to apply. It's important that all parts of the community are represented, so I would encourage anyone with an interest in policing, and who would like to make a difference in their community, to apply." To find out more, or to request an application form, email community.cohesion@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk

Closing date for applications is Thursday 28 January.
