```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our officers have been carrying out a number of community engagement activities in Luton, as well as upping the number of patrols, as a result of several incidents in Luton last week.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2017
title: Officers increase patrols and engagement following Luton incidents
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-increase-engagement-patrols
```

**Our officers have been carrying out a number of community engagement activities in Luton, as well as upping the number of patrols, as a result of several incidents in Luton last week. **

Chief Inspector Hoque said: "We are aware that there have been a number of incidents in Luton in the past week, which are understandably unsettling for the community, and we would like to reassure residents that we are working hard to both investigate these incidents as well as prevent others.

"Additional patrols were put in place following a stabbing in Hockwell Ring last week to provide reassurance to the local communities and officers are continuing to follow a number of lines of enquiry in to this incident.

"We have also had proactive patrols in place over the past week to help prevent anti-social behaviour over the Halloween and Bonfire Night period. During the winter months there will also be specific resources deployed across the county to help reduce the risk of burglaries which can increase as a result of the longer nights."

We have also been continuing to work closely with schools and partners to help prevent further incidents. This is part of an on-going strategy to tackle serious youth violence.

In the past week our officers have given inputs to pupils in Luton schools on the consequences of becoming involved in knife and gang crime.

Our community policing team has also been holding and attending a number of engagement events in Luton including:

 * A Luton Borough Council engagement event at Lewsey Community Centre
 * A Street Meet at Hockwell Ring Community Centre
 * A Street Meet in St Dominic's Square
 * Door to door calls offering crime prevention advice and items such as property marking events

The next in the series will be a community engagement event on Sunday 18 November at St Dominic's Square.

Chief Inspector Hoque continued: "I would encourage residents to pop along to our community events or speak to any of our officers you see out on patrol to discuss any concerns you may have. We'd also urge anyone who has information about crime in their area to report it to us."

To find out more about upcoming engagement events, follow the Luton community policing team on Twitter.

To give information about crime in your area, call police on 101 or report online.
