```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a robbery in Biggleswade.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2020
title: Appeal for information following robbery in Biggleswade
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-robbery-biggleswade
```

### We are appealing for information following a robbery in Biggleswade.

At around 6.20pm on Sunday (8 November) a man and woman were walking along Hitchin Street, Biggleswade, when two men approach them from behind.

The offenders tackled the man to the ground to steal the computer he was carrying, and when the woman tried to intervene, she was punched in the face a number of times.

The offenders fled the scene with a Dell 5720 computer, running towards Langford, leaving both victims with multiple injuries.

Detective Sergeant Simon Hancock, of Bedfordshire Police's Crime Investigation Team, who is investigating this incident, said: "We are actively seeking any information about this attack. This was a vicious assault that left the victims understandably very shaken, and with injuries.

"We will not tolerate this behaviour in our community are keen to find those responsible.

"If you have been offered a Dell computer for sale, or witnessed anything in the area around the time of assault, or have dash cam footage that could help us identify the suspects, please get in touch."

Anyone with information that could help officers can visit the force's online reporting centre and quote 40/60743/20.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
