```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who assaulted a police officer, as he was arrested for failure to attend court, has been ordered to do unpaid work and pay compensation.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2021
title: Community order handed to man who headbutted police officer
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/community-order-headbutted-police
```

### A man who assaulted a police officer, as he was arrested for failure to attend court, has been ordered to do unpaid work and pay compensation.

At around 8am on Monday 25 March last year, officers from our London Luton Airport Policing Unit were alerted to Cristian Leonte, 25, of no fixed address, as he waited to board a flight to Romania.

He was identified as being wanted for failing to attend court in Hampshire.

Leonte was arrested and escorted out of the terminal building, where officers began to search his pockets.

As he was searched, Leonte headbutted the officer in the face, causing pain to his mouth and teeth, and he was further arrested for assault on an emergency worker.

At Luton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (26 January), Leonte was found guilty and given a Community Order for 12 months, with 180 hours unpaid work. He was also ordered to pay £620 to the CPS and £80 to the officer.

Sergeant Giles Hutchinson, from the Airport Policing Unit, said: "No one comes to work to be assaulted and, on this occasion, our officer was not badly hurt, but Leonte's behaviour was completely unacceptable.

"Those who try to evade the law by leaving the country can expect to be apprehended and face the consequences, and we will always seek to prosecute those who abuse or assault our officers in the course of their duty."

If you have been affected by crime, you can contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not.

For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire

We are currently recruiting police officers. If you want to start a career filled with endless opportunities and discover your potential visit join-us
