```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are changing the operating hours for all our Enquiry Offices following the recent government guidelines on increased social distancing.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2020
title: Enquiry office operating hours change following government guidance
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/enquiry-offices-restrictions-march20
```

We are changing the operating hours for all our Enquiry Offices following the recent government guidelines on increased social distancing.

Following yesterday's announcement to help slow down the spread of the Covid-19 virus between households, some of the enquiry offices will remain closed and the rest will operate on restricted hours. The changes will come into effect on Wednesday 25 March.

**Luton Police Station Enquiry Office will now be open on Tuesdays and Thursdays between 10am and 2pm.**

**Kempston Headquarters will now be open on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays between 10am and 2pm**

**They will be closed on all other days.**

**Dunstable Enquiry office which closed yesterday (23 March) and Lime Street Enquiry Office in Bedford will be fully closed for the time being.**

Stations

Monday

Tuesday

Wednesday

Thursday

Friday

Saturday

Sunday

Luton Police Station

CLOSED

10am - 2pm

CLOSED

10am - 2pm

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

Kempston Headquarters

10am - 2pm

CLOSED

10am - 2pm

CLOSED

10am - 2pm

CLOSED

CLOSED

Dunstable Police Station

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

Lime Street, Bedford

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

CLOSED

Local Policing Superintendent Mark Upex said: "Following the direction from the government to restrict all non-essential contact to slow down the spread of Covid-19, we have made a decision to restrict the operating hours of all of our enquiry offices.

"We understand the worry and uncertainty in this difficult time. But we would like to reassure you that we are committed to keeping our communities safe.

"The restrictions are being brought into place to ensure health and safety of our residents, officers and staff.

"We will be reviewing these changes regularly to make sure we are continuing to provide the best possible service to our communities."

Anyone who would like to get in touch with the police can do online through the force's website, online webchat or by calling 101, as those services remain fully operational, although extremely busy. Please only call if you really need to.

You can also reach Customer Support Team by emailing them on _customersupport@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk_.

In case of emergency or if crime is still in progress always call 999.
