```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Signpost Hub has provided support to 1,745 victims of crime since it was launched 100 days ago and raised a flag today (Wednesday) to celebrate its commitment to putting victims at the heart of everything it does.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2018
title: Celebrating 100 days of supporting victims
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/100-days-signpost-hub-july18
```

**The Signpost Hub has provided support to 1,745 victims of crime since it was launched 100 days ago and raised a flag today (Wednesday) to celebrate its commitment to putting victims at the heart of everything it does.**

The flag was raised at Bedfordshire Police Headquarters in Kempston, by Detective Chief Superintendent Sharn Basra, along with Signpost Hub staff, partners and the Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Kathryn Holloway.

The Signpost Hub launched on 1 April to enhance the emotional and practical support and access to restorative justice for all victims of crime. By its second month the hub had already exceeded the total number of victims who were supported by the previous provider in the year prior to the hub opening.

Victim care co-ordinators aim to make contact with a victim within 24 hours of a crime being reported. The hub also provides support to those affected by the crime such as children, partners and parents. It provides a one-stop shop offering access to available help, support, advice and guidance, with referrals to a wide range of specialist support organisations.

Since opening the hub has also progressed 65 restorative justice cases. Restorative justice enables victims to meet or communicate with their offender to explain the full impact the crime has had on them and to ask questions important to them, which helps to repair the damage caused by the crime.

Kevin Vanterpool, Head of Victim Services, said: "I am really pleased with how well the team has responded in the first 100 days, which shows the first class support and care we're giving, placing victims at the heart of everything we do. We hope to see this level of support continue to increase in the coming months."

The hub is a join initiative with Commissioner Holloway and her office, which is funding the new service. She said: "The evidence shows that the Signpost Hub has been an overwhelming success in improving access to support for those affected by crime and it's an incredible testament to the whole team of Victim Care Coordinators that so many people have been helped in so little time since its launch at the beginning of April.

"My aim for the Signpost Hub, and the website of all high quality victim support services in the county which lies behind it (signpostforbedfordshire.com), which were jointly developed by my office with Bedfordshire Police, has quite simply been to transform the assistance available to victims of crime to recover and move on in their lives. What's more the Signpost service is available on six days a week and to those who may not have experienced the crime themselves but have been deeply impacted by it."

If you have been affected by crime the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred. Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.

Signpost Hub celebrates 100 days of supporting victims
