```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "An operation dedicated to tackling serious youth violence and drug activity has seized \xA318,000 worth of suspected cannabis and six weapons since the end of October."
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2019
title: Operation Sparkler continues to tackle serious youth violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-sparkler-results-jan2019
```

**An operation dedicated to tackling serious youth violence and drug activity has seized £18,000 worth of suspected cannabis and six weapons since the end of October.**

Operation Sparkler was introduced in the summer by the Luton community policing team. After several successes, the operation has expanded and is now run by the force's Boson team, who are dedicated to tackling gun and gang criminality.

The operation aims to target individuals believed to be involved in violent crime in various areas of Luton, and sees officers from teams across the force come together to carry out additional patrols, using motorbikes and marked and undercover vehicles.

During patrols, they look for vehicles that have been involved in gang related or violent incidents, drug dealing and general suspicious behaviour. Marked vehicles are used to act as a visible deterrent.

Since October, the Operation Sparkler team has:

 * seized £18,000 worth of suspected cannabis and £1,500 worth of suspected cocaine

 * recovered six weapons

 * made 31 arrests

 * carried out more than 120 stop and searches

 * seized almost £10,000 in cash

They have also charged a man after a cannabis factory was found at a property; they then secured a three-month closure order on the property, ensuring it can no longer be used for criminality.

Detective Inspector Aaron Kiff said: "The Operation Sparkler team have built upon some excellent work started by our community teams. Our approach here is twofold; not only do we want to show those involved in criminality that we won't tolerate their activity, but we also want to show our communities that we're proactively tackling issues that they are concerned about.

"We patrol in areas where we've received information about suspicious behaviour, so it's really important that the public to report information about youth violence, drug, firearm or gang activity to us. In order for us to tackle these issues, we need to build a picture of activity in an area, so please do report suspicious activity to us."

Anyone with any information about serious youth violence, or gang, firearm or drug criminality can report it by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
