```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Thousands of pounds in cash and a substance suspected of being used to mix with illegal drugs has been seized following a police operation.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2020
title: Suspected drug bulking agents and paraphernalia seized as force continue to drive down drug activity
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-drug-bulking-agent-seized-jun20
```

**Thousands of pounds in cash and a substance suspected of being used to mix with illegal drugs has been seized following a police operation.**

Officers carried out a warrant at a property in Leagrave Road, Luton yesterday (Wednesday).

Police seized a large quantity of suspected bulking agent, which is commonly mixed with other Class A drugs and is considered a controlled Class A drug in its own right.

A large amount of cash as well as other drug paraphernalia such as deal bags and scales were also recovered.

Two men were arrested at the property and have now been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Detective Constable Tracey Litchfield said: "Drugs underpin some of the most serious crimes in our communities.

"Organised crime is a scourge on our society, exploits vulnerable people and allows these criminal networks to line their own pockets.

"We will continue to carry out proactive patrols and warrants targeting drug dealing and other gang activity and bring those behind these organised criminal enterprises to justice."

Anyone with any information about criminal activity can contact Bedfordshire Police via www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or contact 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Help and support for young people and their families around gangs and serious youth violence is available on the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
