```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A property in Radnor Walk, Bedford has been temporarily closed down.
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2018
title: Police close Bedford brothel
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-brothel-closure-aug18
```

**A property in Radnor Walk, Bedford has been temporarily closed down after officers received reports that it was being used as a brothel.**

The Bedfordshire North Community Policing team executed a search warrant yesterday (Thursday), following reports of anti-social behaviour, which was impacting the local community. Officers seized a number of items from the property, which will further assist the investigation and all occupants were offered safeguarding.

A three-month closure order was agreed following a hearing today (Thursday) at Luton Magistrates' Court.

PC Sharon Cummings said: "This is a fantastic result and shows how partnership working is making Bedfordshire a safer place for us all. "We will not tolerate the use of brothels in this county, which are often associated with other forms of criminal and anti-social behaviour. "All residents have the right to live in peaceful communities and we are pleased that so many of these nuisance operations have been halted in their tracks. "We are committed to working with residents and partner agencies to identify any issues and protect our communities from crime."

If you want to report a crime contact Bedfordshire Police on 101, if the crime is in progress or if it's an emergency always call 999. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
