```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The woman in her 20s from the Dunstable area was arrested on suspicion of burglary.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2020
title: Arrest made in investigation into stolen dogs
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-investigation-dogs-sep20
```

A woman has been arrested in connection to an incident where a number of dogs were stolen.

The woman in her 20s from the Dunstable area was arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Detectives are now issuing advice to dog owners to remain vigilant and take steps to reduce the risk of thefts.

On Sunday (13 September) police received reports that eight dogs had been taken from a kennel in Wilden, including a black Labrador, two cocker spaniels and five English springer spaniels.

This comes after reports of a number of attempted dog thefts in the region.

Detective Sergeant Rachael Foy, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are making good progress in our investigation and will not stand for this sort of organised criminality.

"We know that we are seeing an increase in this kind of criminal activity across the region, and would urge all kennel owners as well as dog owners to ensure their dogs and premises are secure.

"This includes ensuring dogs are micro chipped, installing CCTV and additional locks where possible, as well as not leaving dogs unattended in public places."

The woman was arrested on Friday night and has been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

The force is working with other forces across the eastern region, UK Pet Detectives, DogLost and Pets4Homes to tackle this type of criminality.

Anyone with information about the incident can report it online or by calling 101, and quote reference number 40/49974/20.

If you wish to remain anonymous you can contact Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

If your dog has been stolen - report it to us by visiting our online reporting centre or by calling 101. You can also contact your local authority dog warden in Bedford, Central Bedfordshire or Luton.

Notify your microchip database provider immediately and advise Doglost.co.uk either via their website or Facebook page who can offer help, support and advice.

We will support anyone wishing to set up a local DogWatch group - please email crimereduction@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk for more information.
