```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are providing safety advice to ensure you and your family have a safe and enjoyable summer.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2019
title: Keep your family safe this summer!
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/summer-safety-messaging-july19
```

**With the summer holidays finally here, and the hot weather making an overdue appearance, we are providing helpful safety advice to ensure you and your family have a safe and enjoyable summer.**

Community Safety Sergeant Ben Dimmock said: "As the summer holidays are now in full force and a heatwave is predicted, we want to take this opportunity to remind people of the hidden dangers that sunshine and warmer temperatures can bring.

"People tend to be more relaxed during the warmer weather and may be less vigilant or aware. We want to remind people to keep themselves and their families safe this summer."

 * Children can be easily affected by high temperatures. The main risk is dehydration so make sure there is plenty of water available and encourage them to drink more when the weather is hot.
 * If you are keeping the windows open during the day and throughout the night, check if there are safety latches to make sure there isn't a risk that your child is in danger of falling.
 * Window blind cords can be a risk to babies and small children as they could injure or strangle themselves on looped cords and chains. Take the time to make sure these are out of reach.
 * A paddling pool is a great way to cool off, but remember that it only takes a second for a child to get into difficulty, so never leave them unattended. Drowning is the third highest cause of accidental death of children in the UK.
 * Trampolines are fun for children to play on but can also be a danger zone. Always use a safety net and ensure they aren't placed on hard surfaces such as concrete, in case of any falls.
 * Never leave a child in a hot car. The interior of a parked car can heat up by 10C in just ten minutes. Children's bodies also heat up three to five times faster than an adult's.
 * If you have older children who are allowed to go out and about on their own, make sure they are contactable and they tell you where they are going and what time they will be back.
 * Have your children learn their address and phone number off by heart and if they get lost tell them to ask for help at a nearby shop or public place.
 * When out and about visiting places, always arrange a meeting point for you and your children, in case either of you get separated.

You can call us on 101 if you have any concerns about suspicious or anti-social behaviour in your area.

In an emergency, always call 999.
