```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We were called by a member of the public just before 2pm yesterday (Monday) to reports of a break-in at a property in Kensworth.
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2020
title: Five arrested at scene of suspected burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-arrested-burglary-aug20
```

Five people have been arrested in connection with a burglary where guns and ammunition were recovered.

We were called by a member of the public just before 2pm yesterday (Monday) to reports of a break-in at a property in Kensworth.

When officers arrived on the scene, they found three people escaping from the back of a house across a field.

All three - a 17-year-old boy and two 16-year-old boys - were arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Following a search of the house, it was discovered that a gun cabinet had been forced open and rifles and ammunition taken from inside.

These were found discarded in a different room at the property.

Another officer on duty in the area then stopped two men in a vehicle which was travelling at high speed. A number of items were discovered in a nearby bush.

Both men, in their 40s and 20s respectively, were also arrested on suspicion of burglary.

DC Jason Wheeler, from our dedicated Op Maze burglary team, said: "This was a great result. Our officers reacted quickly to these reports and were able to make five arrests in a short space of time.

"The fact that rifles and ammunition had been accessed at the address is particularly concerning.

"We understand the impact that burglaries have on victims and how distressing they can be - nobody has the right to enter someone else's home uninvited or under false pretences and make them feel unsafe.

"I would urge anyone who sees anything suspicious in their area to report it to us. Your help is vital in helping our investigations, and we will act swiftly on intelligence we receive about criminal activity in our communities."

If you have information about crime, help us catch those responsible. Submit anything that can help us via https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/Report

If a crime is in progress, please call 999.
