```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A road in Luton has re-opened after it was closed following an incident in the early hours of this morning (Saturday).
publish:
  date: 13 Apr 2019
title: Police investigate Luton incident
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-road-closure-april2019
```

**A road in Luton has re-opened after it was closed while officers carried out enquiries incident that happened in the early hours of this morning (Saturday).**

The A6 was closed between Birdsfoot Lane and Barnfield Avenue until around 3.45pm.

Police were called at 12.20am to reports of disorder between a group of around ten people in Barton Road, reportedly with weapons.

One man was taken to hospital with stab wounds, and remains in hospital in a stable condition.

Two men, aged 21 and 23, were arrested in connection with the incident, and an investigation is ongoing.

Detective Sergeant Ryan Barnes is leading the investigation and said: "We have closed part of the road to allow our Scenes of Crime Officers to attend the scene and look for any forensic opportunities, so it's important for the scene to be preserved. We hope the road will be re-opened by midday, and appreciate the patience of local residents while we carry out enquiries.

"We believe around ten people were involved in an altercation, but an investigation into the full circumstances of the incident and the motive behind it is ongoing. I would ask anyone in the local area who saw or heard anything to get in touch with us, as your information could prove vital."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 8 of today's date. Alternatively report information by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report, or call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
