```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been served with a lengthy jail sentence after he was found guilty of six counts of sexual assault.
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Man from Sandy convicted of sexual assault is jailed for 11 years
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-sexual-assault
```

**A man has been served with a lengthy jail sentence after he was found guilty of six counts of sexual assault.**

Mark Pearce, 52, of Abbey Grove, Sandy, denied the charges of sexual assault which dated back to April 2018.

The jury heard how Pearce targeted the victim, who was known to him, on three occasions, each time ignoring her pleas to stop.

On the first occasion, Pearce met up with the victim to socialise and then sexually assaulted her, even though she pushed him away and asked him to stop.

He then assaulted her two further times before she came forward and reported the incidents to the police.

Pearce was sentenced to 11 years for four counts of sexual assault by penetration, and two years for two counts of sexual assault, to run concurrently.

Detective Constable Brendan Street, who investigated, said: "Detective Constable Kathryn Lambert, who supported the victim throughout the lengthy investigation, and I would both like to pay tribute to the victim who remained strong, resolute and determined for the duration of the case, despite the terrible ordeal she was put through.

"Pearce has denied all the charges and made the victim go through the pain of the trial. Thankfully the jury saw through his lies and found him guilty of six counts of sexual assault.

"Pearce belongs behind bars and away from our communities."

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from our force and partner agencies, including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports of sexual assault, even if non-recent, can be made to the police by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency. We have specially trained officers who are ready to listen and who will believe you.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting the Emerald Centre or by emailing , or alternatively calling 01234 842750.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
