```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision between two vehicles left a man with life changing injuries.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2021
title: Appeal after serious traffic collision in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-traffic-collision
```

### Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision between two vehicles left a man with life changing injuries.

A blue Vauxhall Astra and a silver Vauxhall Corsa were involved in the incident in Old Bedford Road, Luton at around 2.15am on Friday (8 January).

A passenger in the Corsa suffered life changing injuries as a result of the collision, while the driver was also taken to hospital and treated for minor injuries.

The driver of the Astra was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive through drugs and has been released on bail.

PC Chris Dougherty, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "This collision has had some really serious consequences for the passenger in one of these vehicles.

"We believe these two vehicles would have been seen or captured together on CCTV and dash cam footage in the early hours of Friday morning.

"I would please ask anyone who saw anything to get in touch, or check their devices to see if they captured anything which could help us piece together what happened."

Any witnesses can get in contact with police through the Bedfordshire Police online reporting centre.

You can also submit dashcam footage directly via this link.

Alternatively you can call 101.
