```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The two men in their 30s and a teenage woman were also arrested on suspicion of keeping or managing a brothel
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2019
title: Three arrested for human trafficking offences after brothel operation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-human-trafficking-brothel-jun2019
```

**Three people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking offences after a warrant targeting a suspected brothel yesterday (Wednesday).**

Two men in their 30s and a teenage woman were also arrested on suspicion of keeping or managing a brothel following the operation in Hitchin Road, Luton.

All three have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

A woman in her 30s and a teenage girl found inside the address have been safeguarded as a result of the operation led by officers from our Luton community policing team.

Officers carried out the warrant after reports the location was being used as a brothel. Once inside the address police recovered evidence which suggested the location could be being used for sex work.

Sergeant Lawrence Forder, from the central community policing team in Luton, said: "This was a thoroughly professional and effective job by our officers.

"We have disrupted a suspected brothel and been able to safeguard two vulnerable women.

"We know that women working in the sex industry are often trafficked into the UK under false pretences and exploited into carrying out sex work. These brothels are often linked to the highest levels of organised crime and human misery.

"We work closely with our partners through bodies such as Luton Against Sexual Exploitation (LASE) to tackle this problem, but it is so important that the community supports us with this and flags suspicious behaviour and concerns."

If you have information about sex work taking place please report it to 101 or via our online reporting centre.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can play a big part in helping us fight organised crime.

Those involved in the sex industry seeking help can also contact local organisation Azalea.
