```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Pauline Tonks was sentenced to 20 months after pleading guilty to one count of assault causing actual bodily harm and one count of common assault.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2020
title: Woman jailed for attacking bar staff in Luton pub
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pauline-tonks-sentencing-may20
```

**A 46-year-old woman was jailed for 20 months on Monday (11 May) after attacking two bar staff at a pub in Luton.**

Pauline Tonks, of Ruthins Close, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court, after pleading guilty to one count of assault causing actual bodily harm and one count of common assault.

On 28 February Tonks was drinking at The White House with a friend, when she became disruptive and abusive towards other customers sat on nearby tables. A member of staff tried to reason with an intoxicated Tonks and after asking them to leave, his colleague took an empty bottle and glass from the table. Tonks confronted him, grabbed the bottle and smashed it over his head, causing bleeding and several cuts to his forehead.

The bar manager and pub manager escorted Tonks downstairs and restrained her by the front door to wait for the police to arrive. Whilst being detained, Tonks hit the bar manager multiple times, each time getting progressively harder, before finally kicking him before police arrive.

PC Nathan Scotchford who investigated the incident said: "We are really pleased Tonks was put behind bars. She viciously assaulted two members of staff who were just trying to go about their jobs and keep the rest of the customers in the pub safe. We do not tolerate this kind of violence in our county, especially in a pub where children were present."
