```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a man had his electric scooter robbed at knifepoint by a group of teenagers.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following knifepoint robbery in Houghton Regis
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-appeal-HR-june20
```

**We are appealing for information after a man had his electric scooter robbed at knifepoint by a group of teenagers.**

The scooter, which is worth around £1,500, was stolen during an incident in Sewell Lane, Houghton Regis, at around 6.30pm on Friday 12 June.

The victim was approached by four teenage boys, and when he refused to let them have a go on the scooter, one of youths pulled out a knife, before they made off,

The four suspects are described as white, between 15 and 17 years old and all wearing dark coloured shell suits, three of them were on bikes and one was on foot.

The boy who was in possession of the knife is described as 5'8", skinny and wearing a grey shell suit top with black Adidas tracksuit bottoms.

One of the other suspects was also around 5'8" tall, had an eastern European accent and was wearing a top with the word 'Duffer' written on it in white letters.

Another of the group is described as around 5'6", with short shaved hair, chubby build and has a pale complexion.

Detective Constable Richard Marshall, investigating, said: "Knife crime and serious youth violence will not be tolerated.

"Incidents of this nature fell by nine per cent in Bedfordshire last year, and we are determined to keep pursuing offenders as well as showing young people a different path to gangs and violence.

"If anyone was in the area at this time or thinks they may have come across this stolen scooter, please get in touch and help our investigation."

Anyone with any information is asked to report it via bedfordshire.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting reference 40/31574/20.

You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
