```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Monday) marks 17 years since Chief Inspector Hob Hoque joined Bedfordshire Police, and he spent his day as part of a panel interviewing potential police officers.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2019
title: Chief Inspector encourages recruitment as he marks his 17th anniversary by interviewing new recruits
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hob-hoque-anniversary-jan2019
```

**Today (Monday) marks 17 years since Chief Inspector Hob Hoque joined Bedfordshire Police, and he spent his day as part of a panel interviewing potential police officers.**

Chief Inspector Hoque joined the force when he was 18, and is currently Chief Inspector of Community Policing in the south of the county, having worked his way up through the ranks.

Hob said: "I joined the police because I genuinely wanted to make a difference; I wanted to lock up the bad guys and protect those who couldn't protect themselves. I spent all my career in uniform and loved every minute of it. I recall the days when I worked in Dunstable, attending every job going to broaden my experience because in policing, no day is the same.

"After moving away from Dunstable, I moved to Luton, where I have spent the last 12 years. I took the management route and I now get to manage the local teams in the areas I grew up in. I'm honoured and privileged to do what I do.

"Seventeen years later, I'm in the very fortunate position of being able to meet and interview potential recruits, and it's fantastic to see how enthusiastic they are about wanting to make a difference. We're looking for exceptional candidates who can uphold the high standards that we expect. Bedfordshire is a force with lots of different opportunities, and it's somewhere you can continue to develop and grow."

Recruitment for police officers is now open, but closes on 3 February. Applicants are asked to complete an online application form.

After a paper sift, successful candidates will be invited to take part in a national, independent assessment that every potential recruit must attend to demonstrate they meet the standards required of police officers. Those who pass the assessment centre will then be invited to an interview.

To apply to join the force, visit the 'apply' section of www.bedfordshire.police.uk, and click on 'our roles and vacancies'.

Chief Inspector Hob Hoque when he first joined the force Chief Inspector Hob Hoque interviewing today
