```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Community members who joined Bedfordshire Police for weapons sweeps at the weekend found eight knives.
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2019
title: Eight knives found at weekend weapons sweeps
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/community-weapons-sweeps-march2019
```

Community members who joined Bedfordshire Police for weapons sweeps at the weekend found eight knives, which will now be destroyed.

On Saturday (9 March) and Sunday (10 March), community members joined officers from Bedfordshire Police to search Addison Howard Park in Kempston, and areas of Hockwell Ring in Luton, for weapons that have either been discarded or hidden for future use.

In Kempston, volunteers found a large kitchen knife hidden under leaves, and a Stanley Knife discarded in undergrowth. When searching Hockwell Ring, the volunteers found six knives in a range of sizes near the community centre.

The community weapons sweep took place in the lead up to a national week of action, Operation Sceptre, which starts today (Monday) and aims to tackle a national increase in knife crime. Bedfordshire Police has a number of activities planned across the county to support the week-long operation, including speaking to retailers and community members, and targeted patrols in hotspot areas.

Sergeant Ben Dimmock, who is leading the operation, said: "We know that people hide their knives so that if they are stopped and searched, they are not found in possession of a weapon. That's why weapons sweeps are so important - we are removing knives that have potentially been hidden for future use, and taking them out of circulation so they now can't be used.

"This is the second set of community weapons sweeps we have run, and I was extremely pleased to see so many people come and join us to help tackle knife crime. Knife crime is not just a police issue, and the support of the community is vital. We removed eight knives from two areas, and have taken these dangerous weapons off our streets.

"We know that knife crime has risen in Bedfordshire, and we will continue to work to tackle this. I hope that our presence over the weekend sends a strong message that nobody - neither the police or the community - will tolerate knife crime or the use of weapons, and we'll work together to tackle it. There is no place in our community for the use of weapons."

Anyone with any information about knife crime in their area, including about anyone carrying a knife, is asked to report it via 101 or by the force's online reporting centre at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, report information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
