```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The carnival is such an important event for Luton, we\u2019re proud to support the festivities to ensure a safe and enjoyable time."
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: "Looking out for Luton at this year\u2019s carnival"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-carnival-may-2019
```

**We will be playing a key role in keeping families safe again at this year 's Luton International Carnival on Sunday (26 May).**

Working in partnership with the UK Centre for Carnival Arts (UKCCA) and Luton Council, we aim to ensure a safe and enjoyable day, for the thousands of people from the town's communities who participate and attend, or those who visit just for the Carnival.

Superintendent Mark Upex, who is in charge of the police operation on the day, said: "Carnival is such an important annual event for Luton, and we are proud to support the festivities to ensure a safe and enjoyable time.

"We are working very closely with our partners to deliver a safe event and to minimise the risk to young people in becoming involved in anti-social behaviour and criminality.

"I'd strongly urge members of the public to follow our top tips for a great day, and be aware of your own personal safety and security.

"We will have many officers deployed to the event, so please do approach them if you have any concerns you wish to report, or even just to say hello."

We are also urging parents to use the wristbands for children, provided by the event organisers, and available from event stewards. These will help keep children safe in large crowds. Write your telephone number on the inside of the wristband and, in the event you become separated, you can easily be contacted.

Here are some simple tips to ensure your safety and welfare:

 * Plan your journey to and from the Carnival in advance, and bear in mind the road closures which will be in place in and around the area for the parade.
 * Stay together with your friends or family - make sure everyone sticks together during the event and gets home safely.
 * Stay secure - remember to keep your mobile and other valuables out of sight. Ensure bags are properly closed and keep them close to your body.
 * Stay safe - Police will be maintaining a presence in the Carnival footprint and around Luton, but when making your way home try to keep to main roads with streetlights and avoid dark alleyways and shortcuts.
 * Stay calm - report any concerns about suspicious behaviour, unattended bags, or crime immediately to the nearest steward or officer, or alternatively call 101. In the event of an emergency, or if a crime is in progress, dial 999. If an incident occurs, stewards and police will be able to help.
 * Stay sensible - consumption of excess alcohol and the use of drugs will not be tolerated. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so sensibly and if the weather is warm ensure you are hydrated and not over-exposed to the sun.
 * Keep children safe - familiarise yourselves with welfare points. Stewards and officers will have wristbands for children on which you can write your telephone number. In the event you become separated from your child, you can be contacted.
 * Leave your pets at home - the Carnival is a fun and family friendly event but the noise levels and large numbers of people make it unsafe for pets. On animal welfare grounds, if you bring a dog to the carnival you will be asked to leave. Do right by your dog and leave it at home.

Keep up to date - follow @BedsPolice and #LIC19 on Twitter for updates leading up to, and throughout the day.
