```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have successfully applied for a closure order on a property - formerly a public house - in Old Bedford Road, in Luton after receiving reports of concern from local residents.
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2020
title: Former Luton pub closed due to anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-high-town-closure-aug20
```

**We have successfully applied for a closure order on a property - formerly a public house - in Old Bedford Road, in Luton after receiving reports of concern from local residents. **

The premises were issued with a three-month closure order following a hearing at Luton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (11 August).

The closure order was a result of partnership work between the police and the council.

Officers were first informed of suspicious behaviour both inside the property and in the garden in June 2020. The reports suggested that the address was being used for drug taking and illegal sex trade.

Following reports from the public, the Luton Community team opened an enquiry and linked in with partners to support the local community.

The team has carried out a letter drop to encourage residents to report any suspicious and anti-social behaviour in their area.

Additionally, officers attended the premises and discovered drugs, drug paraphernalia, weapons and other evidence, suggesting that it had been used for illicit purposes.

Thanks to partnership working and residents' support, officers managed to secure the closure of the property.

Cllr Jacqui Burnett, Portfolio Holder for Safer and Stronger Communities, said: "As with all areas of our town, residents of High Town should not have to endure living in an area where there is anti social behaviour going on and they don't feel comfortable in their own community.

"I'm really pleased that by working with our partners and with the help of the local community, who had to endure this behaviour for a number of weeks, we have now been able to deal with this by putting a closure order in place."

Luton Community Team Inspector Richard Cunningham, said: "After we received the concerning reports from the local communities, we linked in with our partners to ensure the appropriate action was taken.

"We would like to thank the residents for their ongoing support of our work to secure the premises. Hopefully now that the closure order has been put in place, the local community will feel safer in their neighbourhood.

"This case is an example of the importance of reporting your concerns to us as each report helps us build a better intelligence picture of the issue.

"We also offer support to vulnerable people and we work closely with partners in Azaela and Resolutions to help women concerned in the illegal sex trade, as well as vulnerable people struggling with addiction."

If you are concerned about anti-social behaviour, you can report it to the police online or by calling 101.
