```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to a convenience store robbery in Bedford.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following Bedford convenience store robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-convenience-store-robbery-jan20
```

We are appealing for witnesses to a convenience store robbery in Bedford.

At around 9.30pm on Sunday (5 January) three offenders entered the store on Elstow Road and demanded the member of staff hand over bottles of alcohol from behind the till.

When he refused, two of them jumped over the counter and started handing bottles to the third man.

Believing one of the offenders might be armed with a weapon, the staff member ran to safety in the back of the store. Before leaving the scene, they also stole vape liquids.

The offenders are described as white boys in their mid to late teens.

The first offender was wearing a grey hoodie, with a blue hoodie underneath, grey tracksuit bottoms with three black stripes down the side, and black trainers.

The second was wearing a grey hoodie and blue tracksuit bottoms with a white stripe down the side, and black trainers.

The third was wearing a grey hoodie, dark tracksuit bottoms, and black trainers.

Detective Luke Williams, investigating, said: "This was a very distressing robbery for the staff member to be involved in. He was in genuine fear of his life.

"We're urging any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward and help us catch the teenagers involved so we can bring them to justice."

Anyone with information should contact 101, or via the force's online reporting centre, quoting reference 40/957/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
