```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire residents continue to volunteer as special constables to support the force\u2019s operations during the Covid-19 outbreak."
publish:
  date: 14 Apr 2020
title: Bedfordshire Special Constables volunteer 1,200 hours amidst pandemic
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-constables-1200-apr20
```

**Bedfordshire residents continue to volunteer as special constables to support the force 's operations during the Covid-19 outbreak. **

In the past three weeks the special constabulary have signed up to over 100 duties and volunteered 1,200 hours of their spare time to support the force's commitment to supporting the government in ensuring residents comply with the guidelines to stay at home and save lives. A staggering 276 hours were volunteered by the North and Central special constables this Easter bank holiday weekend supporting on-going operations and conducting additional patrols.

During their duties the volunteer officers been involved in 12 arrests, attended 74 anti-social behaviour incidents and carried out 314 patrols, including 64 hours of motorcycle patrols.

Superintendent Nick Lyall said "Our special constables are doing an amazing job and we can't thank them enough. During this time, they have really helped with activities including educating and encouraging members of the public to follow government guidance and supporting our on-going operations.

"Special constables have the same powers and wear the same uniform as our regular officers and during this time where there is a heightened risk to our frontline we are extremely grateful for those still willing to give back to their community. We are providing our all specials and regular officers with the relevant resources and public protection equipment to keep them safe during this time."

As the force is experiencing a record number of calls for service during the pandemic, one special constable was part of a team that attended 35 incidents in a seven-hour shift including locating two stolen vehicles and attending reports of nuisance motorcycles.

Acting Special Chief Inspector Dean Torr said: "I am very proud of all the hours volunteered by the Bedfordshire special constabulary during this time of crisis.

"It's fantastic to see the numbers of hours being volunteered to patrol Bedfordshire this Easter weekend. We have been able to provide vital reassurance to the communities and help deter members of the public from breaching government guidance."

If you would like to support Bedfordshire Police by volunteering as a special constable apply online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/specials
