```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are hiring a whole new team of officers and staff to work on our biggest ever crackdown on serious and organised crime.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: Recruitment drive begins for Operation Costello
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-operation-costello-mar21
```

We are hiring a whole new team of officers and staff to work on our biggest ever crackdown on serious and organised crime.

Criminal gangs suspected of being involved in large scale drugs importation and weapons trafficking are in the sights of Operation Costello, a specialist operation being backed with more than £2 million from the Home Office.

The recruitment drive is looking to recruit across a range of roles, including analysts and specialist digital media investigators.

You can view the full list of vacancies on our recruitment website.

Detective Superintendent Julie Henderson, who is leading Operation Costello, said: "This is a once in a generation opportunity for us to dismantle the organised crime gangs which are causing misery in our communities.

"Operation Costello will be going after the big players we suspect of being involved in the highest levels of serious and organised crime in the Eastern region.

"This is a huge challenge - and I really want to hear from people who think they have the skills and experience necessary to achieve it."

Applications are encouraged from those with an interest in investigating serious and complex crime, with good working knowledge of new and emerging capabilities and technology.

Knowledge of covert policing tactics and legislation is also desirable.

Last month policing minister Kit Malthouse wrote to Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Kathryn Holloway, to confirm that he will give us a £2.1m special grant to cover 85 per cent of the costs of running Operation Costello for the next 12 months.

As well as staffing we are also using this grant to invest in cutting edge technology to help us catch some of the county's most serious criminals.

We have bid for similar amounts of funding to run the operation for a further two years, which is currently being assessed by the Home Office.

All roles are initially being offered on a 12 month fixed term contract, with any extension beyond that dependent on future funding.

Detective Chief Inspector Dani Bailey said: "We have made huge strides in tackling violence, exploitation and organised crime here in Bedfordshire in recent times.

"Operations run by the likes of our Boson guns and gangs team are having a major impact, while the work of our Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit is also offering young people a brighter future.

"Operation Costello is another key piece in the puzzle which we hope will take out the high level operators involved in putting drugs and weapons onto our streets."

There was a nine per cent reduction in serious youth violence incidents in Bedfordshire between March 2019 and March 2020, which equates to around 200 fewer victims.

There were also no reports of firearms discharges or incidents of serious violence directly attributed to Bedfordshire's organised crime groups or gangs between August and January.

Between July and February, we carried out 83 warrants under Operation Costello, resulting in 44 arrests, 15 people being charged and the seizure of firearms and other weapons, approximately six kilos of Class A and B drugs, as well as around £580,000 in cash.

More than £1 million in assets have been seized in total under the operation, including cash, jewellery and property.

The Eastern Region Special Operations Unit has also run a number of major operations targeting organised crime in Bedfordshire and across the region as part of Operation Venetic, the national operation targeting so-called 'encrochat' encrypted phones.

The regional unit's work in Luton has resulted in the seizure of 90 kilos of Class A drugs, seven firearms, around £40,000 in cash, as well as jewellery worth in the region of £250,000.

For more information about all the work we are involved in to tackle serious and organised crime please visit the Bedfordshire Against Violence and Exploitation (BAVEX) website.
