```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Members of the public across Bedfordshire are being urged to be vigilant to help stop the spread of Covid-19 after health experts across the county warned of increasing infection rates of the virus.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: People urged to be vigilant after Covid-19 infections warning
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Covid-19-infections-warning
```

**Members of the public across Bedfordshire are being urged to be vigilant to help stop the spread of Covid-19 after health experts across the county warned of increasing infection rates of the virus.**

Luton and Bedford councils have today (Friday) issued concerns as figures showed Bedford has the highest rate of infection in the East of England.

With warmer weather potentially tempting people to gather in parks and open spaces, and with restrictions due to be eased further, including some non-essential shops opening from Monday, Bedfordshire Police has called for people to play their part in helping to stop the virus spreading.

T/Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "The figures are a stark reminder that this remains a real public health emergency and we have deep concerns about this developing into a serious outbreak in the county which will put further lives at risk.

"We are fortunate to have a fantastically diverse county, but that does include a large number of those who, the government say, are at an increased risk of this virus. Public health must be our priority, so we would urge people to please take precautions such as observing social distancing and staying home wherever possible.

"Shops and markets will also start to open over the coming days, which is great for the economy and a boost for our towns and businesses, but please stay alert to the risks, and stay safe."

Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway said: "The East of England, together with the South West, are the regions which have had the lowest infection rate in the country so far. While this sounds a relief, it means that we are particularly vulnerable to a second peak as so few people, relatively speaking, have had the virus so far. This means there is a special need to take care in Bedfordshire, as a county."

Due to the increased number of people likely to be out and about over the weekend, officers will be, in certain situations, wearing medical Personal Protective Equipment to protect the public, and themselves, from the risk of further infection.

Anyone with symptoms, including a new persistent cough, high temperature or a change or loss of taste or smell should immediately self-isolate and arrange a test via nhs.uk/coronavirus or by calling 111.
