```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A group of our officers have been awarded a Diploma in Policing after completing their two year probation period.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2017
title: New officers receive Diploma in Policing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-officers-policing-diploma
```

A group of our officers have been awarded a Diploma in Policing after completing their two year probation period.

The 21 officers were awarded certificates at a presentation evening on Wednesday (25 October) at our Headquarters in Kempton. They were recognised in front of friends and family for their contribution to the force over the past two years.

Now they have completed their two year probation period, the officers will continue to police the streets of Bedfordshire. They can progress into different roles in the force including becoming a detective, a firearms officer, working in the Roads Policing Unit or joining the force's Emerald Unit, which is dedicated to investigating domestic crime and serious sexual offences.

Deputy Chief Constable Garry Forsyth attended the ceremony to present the officers with their certificates. He said: "In their time so far with Bedfordshire Police, these officers have attended a wide range of incidents and should feel proud of their contribution to the force. It was a pleasure to hear the stories about their first two years, and see their enthusiasm about their futures with the force.

"I have been Bedfordshire's Deputy Chief Constable since September, and in that time I have had the pleasure of meeting the dedicated and hard-working officers of Bedfordshire Police. We remain dedicated to protecting people and fighting crime, and having officers on our teams like these is vital in helping us do that."
