```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are reminding those coming together to watch the World Cup that the football should be a time for fun and enjoyment, not domestic abuse.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2018
title: World Cup no excuse for domestic abuse
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/worldcup-domestic-abuse-june18
```

**We are reminding those coming together to watch the World Cup that the football should be a time for fun and enjoyment, not domestic abuse.**

Experience shows that major football tournaments typically see a rise in reported incidents of domestic violence or abuse, often linked to excessive drinking.

We are supporting the "Give Domestic Abuse the Red Card" campaign throughout the World Cup, which aims to tackle the rise in reported incidents during the competition.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerry Waite, from our dedicated domestic abuse team, Emerald, said: "Abuse can take many forms including emotional, physical, sexual or financial. It's a good time to reassure those who may be experiencing domestic abuse, male or female, that they do not have to suffer in silence. They can come forward and report any incident, and will be taken seriously.

"We typically see an increase in domestic violence during major football tournaments, particularly on the days that the England team plays, often because of the mix of inflamed passions, and too much alcohol.

"If you are worried that you, or someone you know, might be a victim of domestic abuse, we are here to help and will take all reports seriously. There are specially trained officers in our Emerald team across Bedfordshire, who are dedicated to supporting victims."

If you, or someone you know, are a victim of domestic abuse, and need help, there is a wealth of information available on the domestic abuse section of our website.

In an emergency, always call 999.

**24-hour National Domestic Violence Helpline**

A confidential 24-hour national freephone helpline run in partnership by Refuge and Women's Aid is available by calling 0808 2000 247.

Specially trained staff are on hand to provide support, information and a listening ear and, if appropriate, will refer callers to refuges and other sources of help and information.
