```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have welcomed a report which shows we are the most improved force in the country over the past 12 months.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police most improved force in the country
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-most-improved-march18
```

**We have welcomed a report which shows we are the most improved force in the country over the past 12 months.**

Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary & Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) published its 'Effectiveness' report on Thursday (22 March) which rated that we had improved across the four judged areas, with three of the four gradings higher than the last inspection - the most improvement shown of any of the 43 forces across the country.

We were judged to 'Require Improvement' overall, although it was rated as 'Good' at tackling serious and organised crime.

The report found we have a clear vision for local policing and an improved understanding of local issues; use intelligence well, regularly update victims and have had some success in reducing re-offending through various initiatives; have a good understanding of vulnerability and are training officers and staff to better identify those at risk - particularly from 'hidden harm', have made progress in risk assessing missing and absent children and are good at managing sex offenders.

We were especially praised for work tackling serious and organised crime.

In summary, HMI Matt Parr said: "Since our 2016 effectiveness inspection the force has made obvious progress in most areas, and we are pleased to see efforts being made to ensure that improvements continue throughout the force. However, further action is needed in a number of areas in order to provide the public with a fully effective service and to continue the positive trajectory of the force."

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "It is incredibly pleasing to be recognised as the most improved force in the country and the comments from HMICFRS reflect the 'solid progress' we have made in a number of areas across the force.

"We are a force which is improving all the time and I'm particularly pleased that HMICFRS has recognised the work we have done around vulnerability, tackling anti-social behaviour and reducing reoffending.

"Crime is always changing and we will always look for ways to improve and react to new challenges. We will never stop reflecting on how we can do things better in order to keep people safe and will take on all the recommendations outlined in the report to keep pushing Bedfordshire Police forward.

"It is encouraging that HMICFRS has made reference to our limited resources which is an on-going issue for the force, but while I will continue to seek a fairer funding deal for Bedfordshire, we are committed to using our existing resources in the best possible way."
