```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Detective Constable Andy Boston, from Bedfordshire Police\u2019s dedicated anti-burglary unit, Operation Maze, said: \u201CThe sentences given to this group reflect the misery and anguish caused by this sort of crime.\""
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: Luton trio jailed for burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/trio-jailed-burglary-sep20
```

Three men from Luton have been given jail sentences after admitting to burgling a house in the town earlier this year.

In the early hours of 26 March, the men broke into a residential address on Hibbert Street and stole a bank card, wallet and clothing belonging to the victims.

Shortly after the offenders had left, the occupants of the house were woken by police entering their home, after the front door was seen open.

Subsequent enquiries by our detectives, alongside Luton Borough Council CCTV operators, established that the men had entered the building via the front door.

They were then seen trying to use the stolen bank cards to buy alcohol.

Within 24 hours of the burglary, Carlos Gittens and Martin Gallagher were arrested separately by officers after being seen in Luton wearing clothing matching the CCTV images.

The third man, David O'Hare, was apprehended three days later, after being seen trying to break in to a pub in Luton town centre. He was also linked to the previous burglary by his clothing.

Those convicted were:

 * Carlos Gittens, 34, of Downs Road, Luton pleaded guilty to burglary and fraud. He was jailed for two years and eight months.
 * Martin Gallagher, 30, of Ross Close, Luton, pleaded guilty to burglary. He was jailed for two years and eight months.
 * David O'Hare, 35, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to burglary and was jailed for two years and eight months. He was additionally jailed for seven months for attempted burglary , to run consecutively.

Detective Constable Andy Boston, from our dedicated anti-burglary unit, Operation Maze, said: "The sentences given to this group reflect the misery and anguish caused by this sort of crime, and demonstrates how seriously it is taken by the courts.

"The offenders targeted the residential address in the early hours when the victims we asleep upstairs, and within a short space of time were already looking to use the stolen bank cards to buy alcohol.

"I'd like to thank everyone involved in the investigation for their prompt response and tenacity in bringing these men to justice."
