```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officer given a 20-month prison sentence at Cambridge Crown Court today (28 August) after being convicted of two counts of theft by employee.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police officer jailed for 20 months
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officer-jailed-theft-aug2019
```

**An officer who admitted to stealing more than £9,000 from a force exhibits store has been jailed for 20 months. **

Detective Sergeant David Sharpe, 40, who was based within the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit at Hertfordshire Constabulary HQ, was handed a 20-month prison sentence at Cambridge Crown Court today (28 August) after being convicted of two counts of theft by employee.

On 18 March, it was discovered that a sum of money amounting to £9,080, was missing from exhibits storage in the Major Crime Unit.

He was voluntarily interviewed by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Professional Standards Department and said that he had made a snap decision to take the money, and that he was planning to pay it back before anyone had noticed it was missing.

He was suspended from his post while an investigation was launched. As well as his sentence, he also received a confiscation order to pay back £8,961.09 of the stolen money.

T/Deputy Chief Constable Jackie Sebire said: "As a police officer, DS Sharpe was entrusted to complete his job with the utmost professionalism and integrity. His actions go against everything policing stands for.

"Although he eventually admitted to taking the money, there were a few days in which he kept quiet, which put his colleagues under unfair suspicion.

"We work hard to maintain trust and confidence among our communities and when that trust is broken by one individual, it makes all of our jobs a lot more difficult.

"I am deeply disappointed in him and his actions. This sentence should send a clear message as to how seriously we take these matters."

DS Sharpe remains suspended from duty and misconduct proceedings will continue.
