```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Policing in Bedfordshire will once again return to the spotlight as the new series of 24 Hours in Police Custody begins today (19 February).
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2018
title: New series of 24 Hours in Police Custody begins tonight
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/24-hours-returns-feb18
```

**Policing in Bedfordshire has once again returned to the spotlight as the new series of 24 Hours in Police Custody began this week.**

The BAFTA-nominated Channel 4 series returns with more episodes delving into some of the most complex and challenging cases dealt with by the force.

The series will feature investigations filmed during 2017 - while The Garden Productions, the television company behind the programme, was with our force for their recent stint. The crew have returned and spent several weeks rigged up to custody suites in both Luton and Kempston police stations.

As with previous seasons, the new series focuses on the most serious types of crimes including stalking and harassment, police corruption, and a violent murder attempt.

Tune in to Channel 4 on Mondays at 9pm for 24 Hours in Police Custody.

Follow us on Twitter and use the hashtag #24HoursInPoliceCustody to get involved with the chat about the show.

**Episode One - Sex and Corruption**

The first episode featured the case of Detective Constable Gareth Suffling, who was arrested and subsequently convicted after he attempted to blackmail a businessman who had used a prostitute.

Watch the video below for a message from Chief Constable Jon Boutcher about why he welcomes the filming of the force and the importance of transparency.
