```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our dedicated burglary team, Operation Maze, continues to crack down on offenders as they put away two burglars for a total of six-and-a-half years.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: Two prolific burglars jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-prolific-burglars-jailed
```

### Our dedicated burglary team, Operation Maze, continues to crack down on offenders as they put away two burglars for a total of six-and-a-half years.

Liam Moriarty, 26, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to burglary and driving offences following an incident in Melfort Drive, Linslade in August 2020.

In the early hours of 3 August, Moriarty broke into a property and stole a handbag and car keys to two Seat Ibizas parked in front of the house. The noise of the cars driving away woke up the occupants who called the police. Shortly after, an unmarked police vehicle spotted the stolen cars and followed them before activating blue lights.

Moriarty then sped off from the officers in one of the cars and was seen driving two times over the speed limit and the wrong way round the roundabout.

He then crashed the vehicle into a bollard in Kings Croft Avenue, Dunstable and tried to run from the officers on foot. A police officer attending deployed police dog Bruno who assisted in detaining Moriarty.

Both vehicles were recovered later that day.

He was sentenced on 7 October in Luton Crown Court to four-years imprisonment and was disqualified from driving for three years.

Colin Langley, 28, of Mill Street, Luton pleaded guilty to two burglaries and was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Thursday (8 October) to two-and-a-half years imprisonment.

Langley targeted the same address in Luton twice in May 2020. During the first break in he was seen by the victim who identified him.

He was forensically linked to the second break as his blood was found at the scene.

On both occasions he forced the front door of the property and stole a TV, electrical items, jewellery and cash.

He also pleaded guilty to possession of heroin which was found following his arrest.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from the Operation Maze team, said: "Both offenders are career criminals who attempt to take advantage of other people for their personal gain.

"We are satisfied with the lengthy prison sentences these men will have away from our communities, and will continue to target burglars in Bedfordshire.

"I would also like to remind our residents to make sure you double lock your doors. Additionally, make sure you keep your valuables out of sight as they can attract burglars to your home.

"This is especially important during winter time when days are shorter and criminals can act under the cover of the night."

Visit our force website for more advice on home and vehicle security.
