```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Staff, officers, volunteers, and members of the public were praised at our Annual Awards ceremony on Wednesday (6 June).
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: Annual awards celebrate outstanding work
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/annual-awards-june2018
```

**Staff, officers, volunteers, and members of the public were praised at our Annual Awards ceremony on Wednesday (6 June).**

Winners included three members of the public, John Laidlaw, Janice Heath and Keleel Baksh, who picked up the "Above and Beyond" award after they went to the rescue upon hearing a woman's screams in the early hours of the morning. Together they helped a victim of sexual assault.

As the 11th anniversary of the murder of PC Jon Henry approaches, it was only fitting that his daughter, Maggie Henry, selected this year's winner for the Jon Henry Shield. Revealed on the night, PC Caz Murphy received the award for attending a violent incident with her police dog, and detaining two people by herself. She then detained a third person, who had set off the siren in her police car.

Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire, said: "This event is all about celebrating what is great about Bedfordshire Police - the heroism, bravery and professionalism we see day in and day out. The awards give us a chance to reflect on that work over the last year, and to say thank you to those who have gone above and beyond to keep people in the community safe.

"It is brilliant that the awards also encompass the whole policing family - we have officers, staff, volunteers and even members of the public, all receiving awards, and that just shows all that is great about Bedfordshire Police."

Full list of winners:

**Jon Henry Shield -** PC Caz Murphy

**Chief Constable 's Protecting the Shield** **Police Officer of the Year -** Sergeant Karen Jarman

**Above & Beyond Award - **Members of the public John Laidlaw, Janice Heath and Keleel Baksh

**Volunteer of the Year -** Specials 100 days of Action

**PCSO of the Year -** PCSO Louise Pantazi

**Making a Difference Award -** Dementia Champions

**Special Constable of the Year -** Simon Petch

**Thinking outside the box -** Detective Superintendent Liz Mead

**Changing culture Award -** Inspector Mo Aziz & Detective Constable Ruth John-Chambers

**Victim Service Award - **Investigation Officer Gary Hales

**Wellbeing Champion/Mentoring -** Chief Inspector Zara Brown

**Investigator of the Year - **Detective Constable Karl Heywood

**Police Staff Employee of the Year -** Zoe Davies

**Team of the Year -** Cyber Hub

**Cadet of the Year - **Mikey Johns

The event was held at King's House in Bedford on Wednesday (6 June). The awards were sponsored by the OPCC and the Force. Tony Green, a retired police officer, sponsored the Jon Henry Award.
