```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Bedfordshire Police Cadet and Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) were two of the winners at the Luton Community Awards 2017 on Friday (13 October).
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2017
title: Bedfordshire Police wins Community awards in two categories
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-community-awards-2017
```

**Our Police Cadet and our Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) were two of the winners at the Luton Community Awards 2017 on Friday (13 October).**

The event, now in its eighth year, recognises people and organisations across Bedfordshire for their achievements and service to the county's communities.

PCSO Daniel McHugh received the, 'Service with a Smile' award, for providing outstanding service on a consistent basis. His personable approach to policing breaks down barriers, builds confidence in the force, and helps reduces crime.

Bedfordshire Police Cadet Usman Ahmed, who is Head Cadet of the Luton Cadet Unit, received the 'Role Model of the Year' award, which recognises people striving to achieve their best at work, in their studies, in sport or in their community.

The force's Community Cohesion team were also nominated for the Mark West award for promoting harmony and diversity, and in partnership with Luton Borough Council Cohesion Services team they were also nominated for Outstanding Bravery. The team came were proud runners up in both categories.

Sergeant Carl Perri from the Community Cohesion team said: "I am really happy that the force's work has been recognised by the community, and that our always smiling PCSO Dan McHugh and Cadet Usman Ahmed were recognised for their amazing service to the communities in Luton.

"We work closely with our communities to build a better Bedfordshire and to keep the county safe. We will continue to maintain close links with residents of our county as part of our aims to fight crime and protect people."

Usman Ahmed, Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and PCSO Dan McHugh
