```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Roads in Luton have now re-opened following an incident this morning (Friday).
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2020
title: Roads in Luton have now re-opened
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/roads-luton-now-re-opened-march20
```

**Roads in Luton have now re-opened following an incident this morning (Friday).**

Police discovered a suspicious device in a car in Dunstable Road shortly after 7.20am this morning.

One man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of offences committed under the explosives act, and the road was closed as a precaution.

A second man was arrested shortly afterwards in Brook Street, also on suspicion of offences relating to explosives.

The explosive ordnance disposal team attended the scene in Dunstable Road and examined the device but it was found not to be a viable threat.

A cordon was put in place in Brook Street as a result and number of nearby properties were evacuated as a precaution. The area, including a second car, has now been checked by the EOD and no devices were discovered.

All of the roads affected have now being re-opened.

An investigation has been launched into the device and the circumstances which led to it being discovered.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting Op Patchouli. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

**Suspicious device in Luton deemed not viable**

A suspicious device found in a car in Luton this morning (Friday) has been deemed not viable.

Police were initially called at approximately 7.20am this morning (Friday) to reports of concern for a man in a car in Brook Street, Luton.

Officers were dispatched and located the car in Dunstable Road. On searching the vehicle they found a suspicious device and the explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) team were called.

One man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of offences committed under the explosives act, and the road was closed as a precaution.

After reviewing the device, the EOD team have deemed it not to be viable.

A second man was arrested shortly afterwards in Brook Street, also on suspicion of offences relating to explosives.

A cordon was put in place in Brook Street as a result and number of nearby properties have been evacuated as a precaution. A second car is now in the process of being checked by EOD.

Superintendent Jaki Whittred said: "This is a complex investigation and we continue to have officers in the area while we work to establish the circumstances which led to the device being found.

"I understand that this is concerning for local residents in Luton but I'd like to reassure you that our officers, EOD specialists, and a number of our partner agencies are working closely together to ensure the safety of the public.

"Brook Street and Dunstable Road remain closed as a result of this and I'd like to thank residents and business owners in the vicinity for their patience with this."

Anyone with information about the incident should contact police on 101 quoting reference number 57 of 6 March.
