```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new independent panel which will advise our Chief Constable has met for the first time.
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: First meeting of new advisory panel for our Chief Constable
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/first-meeting-of-new-advisory-panel-for-our-chief-constable
```

### A new independent panel which will advise our Chief Constable has met for the first time.

The eight members of the new advisory panel had their inaugural meeting with Chief Constable Garry Forsyth on Tuesday (8 September) to provide independent views on major cultural and strategic decisions facing policing in Bedfordshire.

The group's first three-hour meeting saw Mr Forsyth outline his vision for the organisation, as well as discussions around topics such as recruitment and improving the force's diversity.

The panel is due to meet quarterly and builds on a number of other existing forums already in place to provide transparency and accountability for our force.

Mr Forsyth said: "This group will provide us with advice, support and guidance around the critical issues that we are facing as an organisation.

"We had a good discussion and it was incredibly useful to have those conversations with a really wide cross section of our communities here in Bedfordshire.

"It is imperative that we get opinions and insight from our community members, who can scrutinise our work and improve our efforts to fight crime and keep people safe.

"I am fully committed to continuing to make Bedfordshire Police fully accountable, transparent and accessible to people right across the county."

We already run an independent advisory group (IAG) for the wider force, as well as specific community scrutiny panels in areas such as stop and search and use of force. Panel member Lila Begum said: "The diversity, skills and knowledge amongst the panel is very rich. "As well as being an IAG member for Bedfordshire Police, this opportunity will enable me to contribute further as I always have both the community and Bedfordshire Police's interest at heart."
