```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A prolific burglar who targeted a home in Luton has been sentenced to four years imprisonment after a forensic footprint led to his arrest.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2021
title: Prolific burglar sentenced to four years imprisonment
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prolific-burglar-sentenced-imprisonment
```

### A prolific burglar who targeted a home in Luton has been sentenced to four years imprisonment after a forensic footprint led to his arrest.

Christopher Smith, 33 of no fixed abode, was found guilty of burglary at Luton Crown Court on Friday (19 March) and sentenced to four years in prison.

On 29 May 2020 at around 3.30pm, an elderly lady was sat in her garden in Brays Court, Luton, when Smith entered the location and searched the property, he stole a large amount of cash and jewellery.

Smith was captured following extensive work from officers, including phone work, as well as being identified on CCTV footage near the scene.

Forensic officers from the Scenes Of Crime Unit also supported after they lifted a footprint from the scene that was linked to a distinctive pair of trainers Smith had recently worn.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from the force's burglary unit, operation Maze, who was in charge of the investigation, said: "We are glad officers were able to identify him quickly thanks to extensive phone work and support from the scenes of crime unit.

"Smith is a prolific burglar and I hope that this sentence will give him time to reflect on his actions and get the support needed to help him turn his life around.

"We will continue to crack down on this type of crime in our county, and we will continue to bring offenders to justice."

If you have been affected by crime you can contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to the police or not. For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire
