```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Signpost Hub has supported almost 2,500 victims of crime in the last year, as it celebrates its two year anniversary.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Thousands of victims supported by Signpost Hub in last year
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thousands-victims-supported-may20
```

**The Signpost Hub has supported almost 2,500 victims of crime in the last year, as it celebrates its two year anniversary.**

The Signpost Hub was launched in April 2018 to provide emotional and practical support and access to restorative justice for all victims of crime. From April 2019 to April 2020, the hub supported 2,452 victims who were referred into the hub by police officers, partner agencies, after being assessed as needing support, as well as a number of self-referrals. This is a rise of ten per cent more victims supported from the previous year and figures show 99 per cent of those say they've been satisfied or very satisfied with the service they have received from the hub in the last year.

Trained Victim Care Co-ordinators (VCCs) support those affected by the crime including children, partners and parents. Signpost provides a one-stop shop offering access to available help, support, advice and guidance, with referrals to a wide range of specialist support organisations. As the impact of crime isn't just emotional VCCs also help victims deal with practical problems such as damage to property, by liaising with partner agencies on the victim's behalf to help access support for these issues, as well as signposting them to help access criminal injuries compensation, or understand the journey through the criminal justice system.

During the year the hub has also progressed 24 restorative justice cases. Restorative justice enables victims to meet or communicate with their offender to explain the full impact the crime has had on them and to ask questions important to them, which helps to repair the damage caused by the crime.

Nicola Cardall-Spawforth, Victim Care Manager, said: "We are really pleased to have provided such excellent support to so many victims of crime over the last year, to help them recover from the trauma of crime. The hub has grown from strength to strength over the last year and we've had some amazing feedback about how we've helped those in coping and dealing with the impact of crime. Those qualifying for support don't even have to have been the direct victim of a crime themselves, as witnesses, children, parents, partners and colleagues can all be deeply impacted by a crime."

The hub is a joint initiative with Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway and her office, which has funded the service. Commissioner Holloway said: "The number of victims Signpost offered support to was much greater. Almost 6,000 were referred into the hub and contacted, but declined needing any support at that time. They were encouraged to contact the service at any point if they later realised they needed it. Often victims suffer a delay in needing support when the true impact of the crime is often realised later down the line. VCCS also wrote to more than 15,000 victims who had been assessed by police officers as having no needs, but who may find they need help at some point too.

 "The evidence also shows the Signpost Hub has been an overwhelming success since it was set up two years ago, where virtually every client helped has given a clear vote of confidence in the service and feedback has been exceptional, highlighting the commitment of the wonderful VCCs.".

If you have been affected by crime the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred. Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information
