```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police and its community safety partners have pledged to tackle Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE) around the county\u2019s large national fast food outlets and local takeaway premises, at a training conference on Wednesday (20 June)."
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2018
title: Police and partners pledge to tackle takeaways in fight against CSE
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackle-takeaways-cse-june2018
```

**Together with our community safety partners, we have pledged to tackle Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE) around the county's large national fast food outlets and local takeaway premises, at a training conference on Wednesday (20 June).**

Following on from the success of an event that raised awareness for the county's hoteliers earlier this year, Environmental Health, Licensing and Trading Standards Officers from Bedfordshire's three local authorities attended the event, hosted by Bedfordshire Police and You Turn Futures, at The Rufus Centre in Flitwick.

The event was tailored specifically towards those visiting premises in the fast food sector, with speakers from Bedfordshire Police, You Turn Futures and CYP First. The event aimed to increase the awareness and understanding of CSE when visiting outlets as part of the partners' course of daily business, and outlined how to report concerns.

Pete Gomm, Bedfordshire Police's CSE Co-ordinator said: "Takeaways and fast food outlets are popular spots with children and teens, and sadly also with those who wish to meet and groom children. It's important we work with our partners to target these businesses, ensuring staff are aware of the signs of CSE, and that they know how to report any concerns.

"I was delighted our partners attended the conference, and are so supportive of this important work and messaging. We look forward to continuing this work with other businesses and retail sectors in the future."

Lisa Robinson, Bedfordshire's CSE Coordinator, said "Across Bedfordshire, we are tackling CSE together; the support, awareness and response of our community safety partners towards the fast food sector is vital in the fight to prevent Child Sexual Exploitation.

"Together we will continue to raise awareness and safeguard children across the county."

Andy Thompson from CYP First said: "CYP First, together with Bedfordshire Police, and the local authorities, through Operation Makesafe, are spending the day looking at how everyone in the community plays a part in safeguarding children from CSE"

To find out about CSE, and how Bedfordshire is hitting this head on, visit http://bedfordshireagainstcse.org/ for more information.
