```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging residents to consider home security during hot weather.
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: We are issuing burglary advice during hot weather
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/summer-burglary-advice-july2018
```

We are urging residents to consider home security during hot weather.

As we enter the peak summer period, burglars may take advantage of unlocked doors or open windows - a property that presents itself as insecure is far more likely to be targeted than one which is properly secured.

Please take don't leave ground floor windows or doors open or unlocked, and ensure they are closed and locked when you go to bed at night. It only takes a second for a thief to enter a home and take things, often without being noticed.

Further advice to keep homes secure over the summer includes:

 * Always close and lock windows and doors when leaving the property - even a small open window could entice a burglar.
 * Keep car and house keys out of sight and away from windows and doors.
 * If you're in the garden, make sure windows and doors at the front of the property are secure.
 * Do not leave valuables on display through windows.
 * Ensure that any side entrance is secure, locked and not easy to climb over, even when someone is at home.
 * Consider installing a visible security light or alarm to deter criminals.
 * Going on holiday? Make arrangements to make sure the house appears occupied whilst it's unoccupied. Put lights on a timer or ask a neighbour to come and pick up mail and draw curtains. Don't advertise being on holiday on social media.

Detective Inspector Andy Southam said: "Now we're approaching summer, everyone is keen to make the most of the hot weather. But burglars are also keen to make the most of open windows, and that's why we're issuing this advice. I am urging people to remain vigilant throughout the summer months, and I hope that by taking these steps people will be able to make their homes less appealing to offenders.

"Burglary is traumatic for victims, and we remain committed to tackling burglary through our force wide response, Operation Fidelity. Officers from across the force work together to target offenders and bring them to justice. By following our advice, you can help us tackle burglary."

For more information about burglary and further advice, visit our burglary section.
