```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives searching for a man who has been missing for two years have carried out further enquiries in Luton this week.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2020
title: Enquiries continue for missing Kamil
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kamil-update-dec20
```

**Detectives searching for a man who has been missing for two years have carried out further enquiries in Luton this week.**

Kamil Biecke, who was 34 at the time he went missing, was last seen in the early hours of 8 December 2018 on Maple Road, at the junction with Shaftesbury Road, in Luton.

His disappearance was reported by his estranged wife from Poland on 14 December, following concerns she had not been able to reach him.

Since extensive enquiries failed to locate him alive, officers from the Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit have been investigating the matter as a murder.

Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit have been carrying out some enquiries in Shaftesbury Road, Luton, this week, and have been engaging with the local community.

Detective Chief Inspector Rob Hall, leading the investigation, said: "We have been carrying out sophisticated and extensive searches at a property in Luton, as we continue to establish what happened to Kamil.

"We are continuing to issue a further appeal for any information at all which could lead us to him.

"We believe the answers lay within our local community and we would urge anyone to come forward if they have any information.

"If you have any information or knew Kamil, then please get in touch. You report will be treated with the utmost confidence, so if you know something - come forward."

Anyone who has any information at all about his disappearance is urged to report it as soon as possible. Any details, however small or seemingly irrelevant, can be used to help police build up a picture of the case.

Please contact the tri-force Major Crime Unit on 101 or submit information to our Major Incident Public Portal. A Polish language version is also available.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
