```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police is calling for local businesses, neighbours and the wider public to speak out over concerns for those who may be subjected to abuse, as they support the international 16 Days Of Action campaign.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Police urge the public to speak out against abuse
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-urge-public-speak
```

Bedfordshire Police is calling for local businesses, neighbours and the wider public to speak out over concerns for those who may be subjected to abuse, as they support the international 16 Days Of Action campaign.

Together with partners the force is taking a stand against domestic abuse against both women and men during the campaign which runs from Saturday (25 November), the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, to Human Rights Day on 10 December.

Officers will be raising awareness of domestic abuse to encourage people to report concerning behaviour and give victims the chance they may need to end the cycle of abuse.

Detective Chief Inspector Aaron Kiff, force lead for domestic abuse, said: "Often people won't report concerns to us as they don't want to interfere in other people's lives, they don't want to appear to be that nosey neighbour or to be prying in other people's business.

"But the truth is speaking out and providing us with the information could be someone's lifeline.

"We understand you may not feel comfortable to tackle someone's actions but alerting us to this behaviour can help someone enduring an abusive relationship get the support they need.

"Domestic abuse is a very hidden crime, but abusers often continue to exercise their control and exert fear in public. It is important we all take action against controlling, threatening or violent behaviour and help give victims a voice.

"You are our eyes and ears, please don't keep your concerns to yourself. Chances are if it doesn't feel right it isn't."

Victims of domestic abuse face complex challenges and barriers and the force is working worth partners to provide support services to them and their families to live free from fear. During the campaign the force will be engaging with local businesses, taxi companies and local residents to raise awareness.

Abuse of any form isn't acceptable. If you have concerns about a person's behaviour towards another, or you fear for someone's safety please get in touch. Call us on 101, always call 999 in an emergency. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Police jacket
