```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman who stole a charity collection box for the Royal British Legion have been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2020
title: Duo sentenced for poppy collection tin theft
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sentenced-collection-tin-theft
```

### A man and a woman who stole a charity collection box for the Royal British Legion have been sentenced.

Joseph Fahey, 43, of Dearne Walk, Bedford pleaded guilty to theft and possession of a knife.

Toni Kinsella, 38, of Carrick Road, Bedford pleaded guilty to theft and aiding and abetting theft in connection to the incident at a Bedford newsagent earlier this month.

On 4 November the pair entered the store in Library Walk, Bedford and stole a number of items of food.

They then approached the shop counter and tried taking the charity box, but it was attached with a security cord.

After failing to grab the box, Fahey took out a knife and cut the box off the cord while Kinsella stood on look out.

The pair were caught on CCTV and identified by police following circulation of their images.

On Monday (23 November) Fahey was sentenced to two weeks in prison for theft and 12 weeks for possession of a knife in a public place, with the sentences due to run concurrently.

He was also ordered to pay £59.98 in compensation for the stolen items.

Kinsella was ordered to pay a £74 fine.

PC Agata Burton, who investigated the offence, said: "Both Fahey and Kinsella entered the store intent on committing theft. The theft of a charity box is appalling and inexcusable.

"We are satisfied that both offenders were identified as a result of our investigation, which left them with no option but to admit their wrongdoings.

"We understand the level of upset this incident has caused within our communities and we hope people can feel that justice has been done."
