```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The man who died in a collision on the A5 last Friday (15 June) has been named.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2018
title: Man who died in A5 collision is named
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/darren-wood-a5-collision-june18
```

**The man who died in a collision on the A5 last Friday (15 June) has been named.**

Darren Wood, 46, of Milton Keynes, died when his motorcycle was involved in a collision with a car at around 7pm, just past the Eastern Way.

Sergeant Declan McDonagh, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit, said: "We're continuing to appeal for witnesses to this tragic incident and would appeal for anyone who witnessed a silver Volkswagen Golf, or a black Suzuki motorbike, travelling along the A5 prior to the incident to get in touch."

Mr Wood's family has paid tribute to him. His wife said: "Darren was my soulmate, we had been together 17 years and married for six of those. He had a wicked sense of humour, but at the same time he was very loving and caring. He was a proper family man, we did everything together and he would do anything for us and everyone around him. He had a great love for motorbikes and loved going out riding, and spent hours in the shed tinkering with them. It is hard to imagine life without him."

His son said: "Dad brought me up from a very young age. He taught me how to swim, got me into motorbikes and then eventually taught me how to drive and got me my first car. I will really miss the time that we spent together."

Anyone with any information should contact Bedfordshire Police via www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or by calling 101 and quoting Operation Bodach.
