```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A burglar will spend his Christmas behind bars after being detained by his own victims.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: Bedford burglar jailed for Christmas
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-burglar-jailed-dec19
```

**A burglar will spend his Christmas behind bars after being detained by his own victims.**

William Hanna, 34, of Barkers Lane, Bedford, was jailed for two years and nine months yesterday (Friday) at Luton Crown Court after pleading guilty to burglary and assault by beating.

On the morning of 5 November, Hanna entered a property on Chaucer Road, Bedford, attempting to steal several items, including a laptop.

Whilst in the property he woke up the occupants, who saw him, chased him out of the property and tried to hold him. Hanna threatened the victims while trying to make his escape.

A neighbour was alerted to the disturbance and helped keep hold of Hanna until the police arrived.

Detective Constable Andrew Boston, from Bedfordshire Police's dedicated burglary team, Operation Maze, said: "This was a fantastic result for the Operation Maze team and I am pleased that Hanna will spend time in prison.

"We don't advise taking matters into your own hands, but this was exceptional bravery from the occupant and neighbour who managed to detain him until we could attend.

"Burglary is a key priority for the force and our dedicated unit will continue to deal with burglary offences across the county. This is a prevalent time of year for burglary so it is pleasing that yet another burglar will be behind bars for the festive period.

"We continue to target those individuals who think this behaviour is acceptable and are working hard to keep Bedfordshire safe."

Hanna was sentenced to 30 months for burglary with a consecutive three months for assault, and another three months for assault to run concurrently.
