```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Man threw a glass at a police officer in June last year, and has now been jailed.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Man jailed for assaulting police officer during party which broke lockdown rules
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nartautas-jailed-covid19-jan21
```

**A man who threw a glass at a police officer 's head as he was attempting to break up a party during lockdown has been jailed.**

Vaidas Nartautas, 23, of Maidenhall Road, Luton, was among dozens of others attending a party in the midst of the national lockdown last summer.

In the early hours of 14 June, officers were called to reports of a party in Underwood Close, Luton.

People were spilling onto the streets and in numbers well in excess of those permitted under the coronavirus regulations at the time.

Nartautas was aggressive and repeatedly challenged two of our officers at the scene.

While friends attempted to lead him away, Nartautas eventually threw the glass he was drinking from at one of the officers.

The officer in question suffered a nasty cut to the head and went to hospital for stitches to his wound.

Last week Nartautas pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm without intent.

On Thursday (14 January) he was sentenced at Luton Crown Court to eight months in prison.

Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "It is so important we all continue to play our part and stick to the rules around coronavirus, staying at home wherever we can.

"Too often during this pandemic our officers have had to face verbal and even physical abuse while attempting to do their bit to save people's lives.

"We will take action against anyone who blatantly flouts these rules - and come down especially hard on those who assault any of our officers while they carry out their duties."

Possible breaches of coronavirus restrictions can be reported online.
