```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Luton man has been jailed after a spree of distraction burglaries in Luton.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: Luton burglar to spend Christmas behind bars
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-burglar-jailed-december19
```

**A Luton man has been jailed after a spree of distraction burglaries in Luton.**

James Williamson, 22, of no fixed abode, was sentenced today (Friday) to five years in prison in relation to four counts of burglary and one attempted burglary at multiple addresses in Luton. The judge also took into consideration a further eight burglaries which Williamson has been linked to.

On three of the occasions, Williamson entered the properties under the pretence of removing cut branches from the victim's garden.

On 7 November 2018 at a property in Whitehaven, Luton, an elderly woman let two men into her back garden via the side gate. She was distracted while Williamson entered the property and stole various items which were of high monetary and sentimental value, as well as £180 cash.

Williamson was forensically linked to the property by a fingerprint left on an envelope that contained the cash stolen.

He used the same technique to gain entry to other properties and stole a number of high value items such as a Rolex watch, gold pocket watch, engagement ring and a bank card.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from Bedfordshire Police's dedicated burglary team who identified Williamson on CCTV at three of the offences, says: "It's great news that we have taken this prolific burglar off the streets of Bedfordshire and I hope it shows the public how hard we're working to keep them safe, especially with the festive season in full swing.

"Williamson was very convincing and charming to the elderly victims which made them feel even more vulnerable after he stole from them.

"With Christmas a few weeks away there is an increased risk of burglaries and we all therefore need to take a few more measures to keep ourselves and our properties safe from opportunist criminals.

"Burglary is a key priority for the force and our dedicated unit will continue to deal with burglary offences. We continue to target those individuals who think this despicable behaviour in Bedfordshire is acceptable."

DC Wheeler, who investigated Williamson's offences, received a judge's commendation for his diligence.
