```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Service of Commemoration was held to honour the 189 police officers who served in the First World War.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2018
title: Remembering police officers who served in WW1
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/commemoration-service-nov18
```

A Service of Commemoration was held on Sunday (25 November) to honour the 189 police officers of Bedfordshire who served in the First World War, and was attended by serving and retired officers, as well as family members of the war heroes.

The packed service took place at St Paul's Church, in St Paul's Square, in Bedford, and the 22 officers who made the ultimate sacrifice were also remembered.

Bedfordshire Police Museum Curator, Special Inspector Keith Jackson, organised the event after tracking down family members of the officers who went to war. He said "This project has been a labour of love for me. I had found out so much about the officers during research for the museum, I wanted to share this information with the families. It was so great to see so many of them at the event remembering their relatives and the sacrifices they made."

Gillian Nelson from Richmond was among the congregation with her godson. She explained: "I've been researching my family tree and one of Keith's researchers got in contact with me via the Ancestry website and invited me to the special event.

"Through Keith and the museum I've learnt so much about my grandfather's cousin Frederick Baron Tanqueray. I knew he fought in the war, but had no idea he was a member of the Bedfordshire Police Special Constabulary, or that his name is on the Roll of Honour War Memorial in Woburn, where he was born.

"I brought my godson to the service as he is learning about the First World War in school. It's wonderful to show him the human element to war, rather than to just read about anonymous soldiers who died in text books."

Among the congregation were Chief Constable Jon Boutcher, Deputy Chief Constable Garry Forsyth, Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway, Deputy Lieutenant of Bedfordshire Paul Fuller, National Association of Retired Police Officers Secretary Lionel Stewart and the High Sheriff of Bedfordshire Julian Polhill.

The Royal British Legion's Bedfordshire, Clapham and Henlow branch, as well as the Royal Signals Association, Royal Army Service Corps Association, Royal Air Force, Union Flag and Korean Veterans Association Red Rose Branch were standard bearers.

Retired Metropolitan police officer, and now Reverend, Kelvin Woolmer, addressed the service. He said: "We are gathered to remember the 22 officers who died, but it must be remembered the other soldiers who would have returned from the war as changed men. "Police officers were the largest group of volunteers to sign up during World War One, to continue their sense of vocation to serve and protect the country. I would never call them ordinary men, they were extraordinary. They were people just like us, doing what they did because it was what they were asked to do. I am proud to remember the officers who served in The Great War, their spirit lives on in officers today. Like soldiers, no officer knows what their shift will bring."

The Bedford Police Museum is open to the public via prior appointment by emailing **keith.jackson9159@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk**
