```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The mum of a murdered Luton teenager has thanked us, after our officers and staff took part in a Know Your Type event to encourage people to sign up for blood and organ donation.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2018
title: Police thanked for supporting blood and organ donation drive
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/blood-donation-nhs-dec-18
```

ACC Jackie Sebire

**The mum of a murdered Luton teenager has thanked us, after our officers and staff took part in a Know Your Type event to encourage people to sign up for blood and organ donation.**

The regional NHS Blood and Transplant team visited the force's headquarters in Kempston and its station in Luton over two days in December, in events organised after staff were affected by the story of Azaan Kaleem, 18, who was murdered in Luton in March.

Azaan received 17 units of blood and 17 platelets as doctors battled in vein to save his life. His family wanted to donate his organs to save lives but it was not possible as officers needed to retain them for their investigation.

Roseann Taylor, Azaan's mother, said: "It was heart-breaking at the time, not just because my son had been murdered, but because we knew, in all likelihood, more than one life was being lost.

"I will forever be indebted to those whose blood gave Azaan a fighting chance, while also giving me and my family time to say goodbye to him. I'm so grateful to the police and the donor team for doing what they can to encourage people to sign up.

"Giving blood is so simple, yet so important; every single day people rely on donations and it's incredibly easy to do and the donation itself only takes around 5-10 minutes."

To replace those no longer able to donate, more than 200,000 new donors are needed every year, with the team using the Know Your Type event to encourage people to visit a local donation centre, such as the local centre in Luton.

The event was particularly pertinent for PC Amy Creighton, from the force's response team, who was injured in a car accident in 2014 when only 16. Amy was given a lifesaving blood transfusion after the car she was in was hit by a drunk driver - snapping her femur and leaving her with a ten inch scar on her leg.

Amy said: "I have a very important type for blood donations; rhesus negative. Only 15 per cent of the population are rhesus negative but most people can receive rhesus negative blood, which makes it very important in emergency situations. For me it's even more important to encourage people to give blood, as had it not been for a blood donor I might not be here today."

An NHS Blood and Transplant spokesman said: "We are so very grateful for Roseann's support for donation after the tragic death of her son Azaan. Blood donors gave her family the chance to say goodbye to her son and that gave her great comfort.

"We need our loyal donors more than ever at this time of year, to make sure hospitals have the blood that seriously ill children and adults will need over Christmas and the New Year. Each donation can save up to three lives."

In addition to a number of temporary blood donation centres county-wide, there is a permanent centre in Luton which has over 300 appointments available until 29 December. To book an appointment or find the nearest event, visit www.blood.co.uk

To support organ donation, tell your family you want to donate and join the NHS Organ Donor Register at www.organdonation.nhs.uk
