```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 38-year-old man has been jailed following a string of offences that took place in various locations within Bedfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk last year.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2018
title: Man sentenced following string of burglaries, robberies and thefts across three counties
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/deividas-zvironas-sentenced-burglaries
```

**A 38-year-old man has been jailed following a string of offences that took place in various locations within Bedfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk last year.**

Deividas Zvironas, of De Havilland Avenue in Bedford, was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment at Luton Crown Court on Friday (12 January).

He had previously pleaded guilty to 18 offences at the crown court on Thursday 4 January. These comprised seven offences in Bedfordshire, nine in Suffolk and two offences in Norfolk. A further two offences in Bedfordshire and two in Suffolk were also taken into consideration.

Zvironas was arrested on 6 November 2017 in Bedford after he had been circulated as a wanted person. He was subsequently charged in relation to three thefts, three burglaries, two robberies and an incident of fraud using a stolen bank card, all occurring in Lowestoft between 26 September and 8 October last year.

In addition to these offences, Zvironas was charged with four burglaries and one attempted burglary in Bedford and Kempston which happened between 12 October and 26 October; and two robberies that took place in Great Yarmouth in Norfolk on 25 June and 11 October. He was also charged with one count of assault causing grievous bodily harm and one count of common assault, both relating to incidents occurring in Bedfordshire. Detective Constable Joanne Barkat, from Bedfordshire Police's Serious and Complex Crime unit, said: "Zvironas was a serial offender and victims of his disregard for the law stretch across the country. "Many of his crimes targeted elderly and vulnerable people and we are glad that the hard work from my colleagues in Bedfordshire, and those at forces in Suffolk and Norfolk, have secured a significant custodial sentence. "I would like to thank all those involved in bringing this man to justice."
