```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are working with the National Farmers
publish:
  date: 30 Aug 2018
title: Bedfordshire joins regional crackdown on illegal hare coursing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hare-coursing-campaign-aug18
```

**Police officers from across the East of England are joining forces to tackle the seasonal issue of illegal hare coursing.**

With the harvest now complete, Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Essex police forces are working in partnership with the National Farmers' Union (NFU), Natural England and the Country Land and Business Association to tackle this criminal activity, which can cause thousands of pounds worth of damage to crop fields, irrigation systems, fences and gates.

Hare coursing has been illegal for more than a decade, since the implementation of the Hunting Act 2004. This banned activity sees greyhounds and other 'sight' hounds, such as lurchers, chasing a hare by sight, not scent.

Usually, but not always, it's carried out in groups. The dogs flush out the hares in the fields and are then released from their leads to chase, and often kill, the hare. Frequently the practice is highly organised. Significant sums of money can change hands in the form of illegal betting and gambling on the outcome. The victor is determined by the first dog to catch and 'turn' the hare or kill it.

PC Flaminia Romita, from Bedfordshire Police's rural crime team, said: "These offenders engage in a whole array of criminal activity, ranging from damaging property and crops to threatening violence, arson or intimidating those who challenge them.

"These organised crime groups are betting hundreds of pounds on these activities and do not intend on stopping any time soon.

"These same offenders may also use this activity to survey the land in order to return and commit other offences such as theft of farm machinery, diesel, tools and off road vehicles." Operation Galileo is targeting hare coursing throughout the East of England. As part of this operation there are special days of action where wildlife crime officers will be carrying out proactive patrols along with other officers, who will receive special local briefings and pay attention to hotspot areas within their districts, dealing robustly with offenders.

In Bedfordshire and other participating counties all specially trained rural officers are on hand to help and support operational police officers during the days of action should they be called to deal with a hare coursing offence.

The operation was officially launched at the last meeting of the East of England Wildlife Crime Regional Enforcement Group. This group brings together all of the region's police forces, the Crown Prosecution Service, Natural England and the Environment Agency.

Paul Cantwell, species enforcement specialist from Natural England, who chairs the group, said: "This is the first year that all six forces in the East of England are all co-operating together in relation to Hare Coursing Operations over the course of a 'season'.

"This will help ensure that the East of England will not tolerate people coursing anywhere in the region. But not only that, we are hoping all other areas of England and Wales will carry out their own operations on these dates to make the countryside a 'no go' area for these criminals."

Bedfordshire Police's Operation Sentinel is dedicated to tackling rural crime, including hare coursing and other wildlife offences.

To report any information you can use the force's online reporting centre or call 101, quoting Operation Sentinel.
