```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Between 8.30pm and 9pm, the victim was approached by a group of men while riding his bike near a bridge near the Slipe.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following Bedford park robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-bedford-park-sept18
```

**Police are appealing for information following a robbery in Queens Park, Bedford, on Thursday evening (6 September).**

Between 8.30pm and 9pm, the victim was approached by a group of men while riding his bike near a bridge near the Slipe. After approaching the victim, the group then assaulted him and took cash and bank cards from his backpack.

The offenders are described as a group of six or seven black and Asian men, thought to be wearing black hooded jackets with the hoods up at the time.

Detective Constable David Gordon, investigating, said: "As part of my investigation, I'm now keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time, and who may have seen anything suspicious, to come forward. We think that there may have been dog walkers in the vicinity at the time, and would urge them to get in touch.

"We are keen to find the people responsible to ensure they aren't able to target others in this way."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 40/23083/18. Alternatively report information online by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or by calling Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 028 2887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
