```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police is recruiting police officers and detectives
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/adcp-officer-recruitment-may2019
```

**We are now accepting applications for police officers and for the second cohort of detectives through the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP).**

Over the past few years, we have continued to recruit more police officers, particularly working to encourage more people from BME communities to consider policing as a career. A 2017 report by the Home Office revealed that Bedfordshire was the second highest recruiter of officers from Black and Minority Ethnic (BME) backgrounds of all 43 police forces.

After completing the online application form, successful applicants will be invited to a four-hour assessment centre where they will need to complete a number of assessments including written tests, interactive exercises and a numerical ability test.

Those who pass at the Assessment Centre will be invited to an interview in the force. Anyone successful in interview will be made a conditional offer subject to a number of checks including vetting, medical and a fitness test.

To apply to join Bedfordshire Police as a police officer, visit the our recruitment site. The closing date for applications is 11.55pm on Sunday 16 June.

The Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP) was introduced by the force last year to increase the numbers of detectives at Bedfordshire Police, and meet the demand that's faced by the force.

As with police officers, applicants are invited to complete an online application form. However, anyone who wishes to apply to join the ADCP must complete a further Technical Application Form.

Successful applicants will complete 16 weeks of initial training, and then go on to work as a police officer across the county to gain valuable experience in both the force's response and community teams.

After a year, if the candidate has demonstrated that they meet the requirements expected, they will be placed into an investigative team and complete a year's intensive Trainee Investigator training, and obtain a qualification to enable them to become a detective. This is the same as the path all detectives have taken, the only difference being a shorter timescale.

To apply to the ADCP programme, visit the our recruitment site. The closing date for applications is 11.55pm on Sunday 16 June.

Detective Chief Superintendent Sharn Basra, who joined the force in 1992, said: "Our priority is to recruit the very best people to Bedfordshire Police - we want people who are inquisitive and who want to make a difference in our county. We are lucky to work in a county that's richly diverse, and as a force we have a number of different opportunities that people could choose to follow once they've joined.

"The Accelerated Detective Constable Programme is a fantastic way for us to recruit brand new people to the force. Our detectives investigate some of the most serious crime, and are instrumental in bringing offenders to justice. They work closely with police officer colleagues, who engage with our communities and react to emergency situations, safeguarding anyone in danger.

"No day in policing is the same - I have been a police officer for over 20 years and I still enjoy every single day. I'm immensely proud of what I've achieved so far, and over 20 years later I'm still enthusiastic about serving the county."
