```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are inviting community members to join weapons sweeps in March, to look for weapons that have been discarded or hidden for future use.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Help police tackle knife crime at weapons sweeps
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/weapon-sweeps-for-community-feb19
```

**We are inviting community members to join weapons sweeps in March, to look for weapons that have been discarded or hidden for future use.**

As part of a national week of action, Operation Sceptre, the force is running two community weapons sweeps. On Saturday 9 March officers will be in Bedford, and on Sunday 10 March they will be in Luton, and members of the public are invited to join them.

Anyone who attends will be teamed up with officers to search specific locations for knives. Officers will take responsibility for handling any weapons that are found and securing them before they're removed from the location.

Operation Sceptre is a national week of action which aims to tackle knife crime. As well as weapons sweeps, the force will be working with retailers to ensure they know the law around selling knives to under 18s, and presenting in schools so that young people know about the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife.

Sergeant Ben Dimmock, who will be running the sweeps, said: "This time last year in direct response to a series of violent incidents in a specific area, I sent a search team into a small park and the surrounding areas in the north of the county. Over the next 10 hours the team found eight knives and a claw hammer concealed in bushes and undergrowth.

"We know people hide weapons in these places to minimise their chances of being found in possession of a weapon if they encounter the police. That's why we want to work with our communities to show people who use knives and weapons that as a community, we won't tolerate this.

"This is the second time we've held community weapons sweeps, and we had some excellent feedback from those who took part last time. Everyone had different reasons for taking part, but the common pattern was wanting to help tackle knife crime. We can't tackle crime alone, but I hope with the support of our communities we can show there is no place for this kind of activity in Bedfordshire."

For more information or to register to take part, please email CrimeReduction@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk

Anyone with any information about knife crime in their area is asked to report it via 101 or by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
