```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Boson team has expanded into the north of the county.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2019
title: Boson team expands to tackle violence in north Bedfordshire
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/boson-north-feb19
```

**Bedfordshire Police 's Boson team has expanded into the north of the county, to tackle gun and gang activity, serious youth violence and associated criminality.**

Boson have already been working in Luton since 2012 tackling gun and gang crime, and last year achieved more than 200 years in prison sentences for individuals involved in this type of criminality.

Following a spike in violent incidents in the north of the county in 2018 - including an increase in knife crime and a number of serious stabbings - the team is now expanding, meaning that Bedfordshire Police will have a specialist team providing a countywide approach.

The new team is made up of both detectives and uniformed police officers, who will take the lead on investigating violent incidents, as well as proactively tackling offenders through enforcement activity like warrants and targeted patrols.

The team will work with partners to continue to develop intelligence about people who are at risk of, or who are, being exploited by gangs. Where these are identified, the team will take action to disrupt activity, safeguard victims and take action against offenders.

Detective Chief Inspector Duncan Young said: "We recognise that there are proactive opportunities that we can take advantage of to ensure we can tackle serious violence and associated criminality, which is why Boson has expanded into the north. The team officially launched in January, and the first few weeks have been very busy with the team executing a number of warrants, carrying out proactive patrols and a weapons sweep, and visiting schools as part of our preventative work.

"We have an already established and very successful Boson team in the south of the county, and the north team will mirror their approach. I hope the introduction of a Boson north team will send a very clear message to people involved in gun and gang criminality, serious youth violence and associated criminality that we won't tolerate this type of crime."
