```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested and drugs and cash seized after an operation targeting a suspected drugs gang.
publish:
  date: 28 Apr 2020
title: Three arrests in operation targeting suspected drugs gang
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-suspected-gang-apr20
```

**Three people have been arrested and drugs and cash seized after an operation targeting a suspected drugs gang.**

A man in his 20s from Luton was arrested this morning (Tuesday) on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug.

A 19-year-old man and 16-year-old boy were arrested in subsequent police raids in Luton, also on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug.

Officers recovered suspected cannabis and heroin, almost £1,000 in cash, mobile phones, designer clothing and a car as part of the operation.

Detective Inspector Dani Bailey said: "This enforcement action follows lots of proactive police work across different departments into the potential exploitation of children and other vulnerable people.

"Unfortunately, drug dealers are continuing to sell their products and exploit people in the face of the Coronavirus restrictions.

"We would just urge people at this time to be particularly aware of cuckooing, where drugs gangs target the addresses of vulnerable people and use them as a base to deal from, particularly as the streets are quieter.

"Also, with tighter restrictions on things like public transport, young drugs runners may be using taxis or private hire vehicles to sell drugs on behalf of these ruthless gangs.

"Drugs have a corrosive impact on our communities, as organised criminal networks line their own pockets by exploiting vulnerable people. We will continue to pursue those we suspect of being involved."

Kimberley Lamb, project manager for Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU), said: "Vulnerable young people in our towns and villages are at risk of being criminally exploited.

"As a VERU team we are providing specialist partnership support to the established services out there already doing great work with the young people most at risk.

"Our aim is to build a network of statutory agencies, charities and grassroots community groups to get a real grip on this issue and protect our children and young people across the county from falling victim to these predatory gangs.

"If any young people or their families have concerns, they can come to us and get specialist support that may prove crucial."

For more information or to seek support from the VERU then please visit their website.

Anyone with any information about drug offences is asked to contact Bedfordshire Police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and helps officers build up a picture of organised crime.

There are a number of specialist drug recovery services which continue to operate in the county.

Aquarius run a dedicated service for under 18s with substance misuse issues in Bedfordshire.

Path to Recovery and ResoLUTiONs are other drug and alcohol advice, treatment and support services operating in Bedfordshire and Luton respectively.
