```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been arrested in connection with the stabbing of another teenager in Luton.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2021
title: Arrest made after teenager stabbed in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-arrested-stabbing-luton-feb21
```

A teenager has been arrested in connection with the stabbing of another teenager in Luton.

The incident happened at around 3.15pm yesterday (Saturday), when officers were called to reports that a teenage boy had been stabbed at Runley Road recreational park.

The victim was taken to hospital by air ambulance with multiple stab wounds. He remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

Another teenage boy has been arrested in connection with the incident and is currently in police custody for questioning.

Detective Sergeant Gary Hatton, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "We have arrested one person in connection with this incident and are continuing to progress our enquiries.

"If you have any information or were in the area at the time, please contact us as it could be vital in piecing together the circumstances leading up to this attack.

"We do not tolerate knife crime in our county and will come down hard on those responsible."

We are dedicated to tackling serious youth violence throughout the county. It We carry out proactive patrols to stamp out gangs and drug dealing, including recently in Luton.

If you have any information please visit our online reporting tool or call 101, and quote CAD 267 of yesterday.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
