```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Shahid Sultan, 26, of Stonesdale, Luton, initially caught the attention of officers from Bedfordshire Police\u2019s dedicated Boson guns and gangs unit whilst they were out on a proactive patrol in the Hockwell Ring area of Luton."
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2021
title: Luton man jailed after thousands of pounds worth of drugs recovered
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shahid-sultan-sentencing-feb21
```

**An investigation, which started with police officers stopping a vehicle in Luton and led to the discovery of around £45,000 worth of illegal drugs, has seen a man jailed for almost four years.**

Shahid Sultan, 26, of Stonesdale, Luton, initially caught the attention of officers from our dedicated Boson guns and gangs unit whilst they were out on a proactive patrol in the Hockwell Ring area of Luton.

On 8 December, he was driving a grey Audi at high speeds and in an erratic manner before disappearing around a bend and out of sight of the officers.

They decided to turn around and follow the vehicle and when it came to a stop, the officers carried out checks, which turned out to be negative, so Sultan was sent on his way.

However, when the officers searched the area where the vehicle had disappeared from view, they discovered a bag of what they suspected to be Class A drugs, which was seized.

Sultan then returned to the place where the bag had been discarded a few minutes later and he was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply Class A drugs.

During a search of Sultan's home address, a large amount of drugs, believed to be cocaine, heroin and cannabis, with a combined street value of around £45,000, and around £6,000 in cash were found.

Sultan pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced on Tuesday (2 February) to the following:

 * Three years and eight months for one count of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug - cocaine
 * Three years and eight months for one count of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug - heroin
 * Four months for possession of criminal property
 * One month for one count of possession of a Class B drug - cannabis / cannabis resin

All these sentences will run concurrently.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn said: "I'm glad that Sultan was sentenced to time behind bars as this is one less drug dealer on the streets.

"Drugs cause significant harm within our communities, driving much of the serious violence, exploitation and antisocial behaviour which blights our residents.

"We will continue to disrupt drug dealing and other gang activity and bring those peddling drugs on our streets to justice."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to report it via bedfordshire.police.uk/report or to contact us on 101.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help officers get a better understanding of drug-related crime.
