```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Did you witness a disorder in Luton on Saturday evening (16 May)?
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: Luton disorder sparks police appeal
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-luton-disorder-may2020
```

**Police have launched an appeal for information after a violent disorder in Luton on Saturday (16 May).**

At around 9.30pm police were called to Holkham Close following reports of a gunshot, and a group of men armed with weapons throwing items at cars. The group is described as between eight and 12 men, all wearing dark clothing, with hooded tops, and armed with what are believed to be knives and baseball bats.

The group left Holkham Close on foot, running along Ravenhill Way and Runham Close, towards Lewsey Park.

Detective Sergeant Wil Taylor, investigating, said: "We have little information about this incident and would appreciate the public's help to piece together what happened. If anyone saw or heard anything then we would really like to hear from you.

"Similarly, if anyone saw a group of men in or around Ravenhill Way on Saturday evening, please do get in touch. This type of activity will not be tolerated and risks putting individuals at risk of severe harm, as well as causing concern in the local community.

"We have increased patrols in the area in order to reassure residents, and to help prevent further offending."

Anyone with any information can contact us on 101 or online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report, quoting reference number 456 of 16 May.

You can also report anonymously via independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
