```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have partnered up with Central Bedfordshire Council and Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service to educate people about safe parking around schools.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: "Bedfordshire Police puts children\u2019s safety first by tackling parking around schools"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-safe-cross-april19
```

**Bedfordshire Police has partnered up with Central Bedfordshire Council and Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service to educate people about safe parking around schools.**

The five day initiative, named Operation Safe Cross, took place last week in Leighton Buzzard. The officers, with support from partners at the council and fire service, patrolled the areas of Clipstone Brook Lower School, Brooklands Middle School and Leedon Lowe School to tackle obstructive parking.

The operation is aimed at educating motorists parking around schools about how dangerous it can be.

The force sent 14 letters to vehicle owners spotted parked incorrectly, to educate them about the potential tragic consequences of their parking.

Additionally nine verbal warnings were issued to the drivers present during the operation's patrols in the area.

PC Edward Ruston, from the Leighton Buzzard Community Policing Team, said: "We understand that at certain times parking around schools can be limited as parents and guardians want to drop children off to school on time.

"But we have to remember that road markings and restrictions in those areas are there for a reason. It is extremely dangerous, especially in peak hours, to park in a way that obstructs the view of drivers and pedestrians alike, especially by schools where young children are attempting to cross the road. It only takes a second for a tragedy to occur and for a child to lose a life. Additionally it is important to keep the road clear to allow easy access for emergency service vehicles like fire engines and ambulances.

"We would like to ask parents and guardians to consider parking further away, and have a brief walk to school with their children. Allow yourself slightly more time and respect the restrictions where they occur. Children's safety should be everyone's priority."

Jeanette Keyte, Head of Community Safety, Parking and Programmes at Central Bedfordshire Council, said: "We want to raise awareness amongst anyone dropping children or young people off at school that they need to ensure that they park safely, legally and considerately. Every school is visited by our parking enforcement officers on a regular basis, and schools with known parking problems are visited the most frequently.

"We also use various other road safety methods, including school warning signs for motorists, 20mph speed limits outside school entrances, and school crossing patrol services, to try and ensure the safety of children. We also encourage both parents and children to use sustainable forms of transport, and increasing numbers now walk, cycle or scoot to school, to help reduced the number of cars used for school runs."

Leighton Buzzard Station Commander Rob Hulatt said: "Please be considerate when parking your car. Poorly parked cars restrict pedestrians vision as they attempt to cross the roads, as well as, hinder the progress of emergency vehicles attending serious incidents.

"Before parking, drivers should think about how they would feel if a poorly parked car comprised the safety of one of their family members.

"The message to the public is to think about where and how you park, inconsiderate parking could potentially put people's lives at risk."
