```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has pleaded guilty to being drunk on an aircraft at London Luton Airport.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: Air passenger pleads guilty to drunken behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/passenger-guilty-fined-may2019
```

**A man who swore and was abusive towards cabin crew, causing him to be offloaded from a flight at London Luton Airport, pleaded guilty at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (21 May) and has been fined.**

Michael Smus, 22, of Montpelier Rise, London, boarded the easyJet aircraft ready for departure to Malaga on 30 August last year, when his abusive behaviour attracted the attention of the crew and he was removed from the flight.

Once outside the plane, he attempted to light a cigarette and continued to be abusive, causing the aircraft dispatcher to call the police and Smus was arrested.

Initially, he denied the charge of being drunk on an aircraft, and elected for trial at Luton Crown Court, where he changed his plea to guilty.

He was fined £500 and ordered to pay £3,500 in costs.

Sergeant Giles Hutchinson of the Airport Policing Unit said: "We urge people to drink responsibly at the airport.

"If passengers are considered too intoxicated to fly, or are abusive towards members of the crew, they will be denied boarding.

"The crew has a responsibility for the safety of the aircraft and its passengers and Smus' behaviour delayed that flight and inconvenienced its crew, staff and the other passengers.

"Drunk and abusive passengers will be firmly dealt with, and this behaviour is never acceptable."

Clare Armstrong, Head of Passenger Services at London Luton Airport, said: "Abusive and disruptive behaviour will never be tolerated at the airport. We continue to work in partnership with Bedfordshire Police, and the wider airport community, to ensure the airport is safe, secure and enjoyable for all who work at, and use, the airport."
