```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are investigating a stabbing that happened yesterday (Thursday) in the Queen\u2019s Park area of Bedford and have arrested a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with the incident."
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2019
title: Teenager arrested in connection with Queens Park stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teen-stabbing-arrest-aug19
```

**Officers investigating a stabbing yesterday (Thursday) in the Queen's Park area of Bedford have arrested a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with the incident.**

We were called at around 5.20pm to reports that a teenager had been stabbed by another person who then left the scene.

Officers attended along with other emergency services, and a 17-year-old boy was taken to hospital. He remains in hospital with in a critical condition.

An investigation has now been launched into the circumstances around the incident.

Detective Inspector Emma Pitts from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This was an atrocious attack that took place in broad daylight in a public area, which left a teenage boy in hospital fighting for his life.

"We are working hard to piece together the events leading up this incident. We will never tolerate knife crime, and we are doing all we can to investigate what happened."

Anyone with any information about the incident is asked to call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111. Crimestoppers do not record your name or phone number, and do not need to know who you are, just what you know.

Alternatively, call Bedfordshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 321 of 22 August. You can also report online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.
