```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have stepped up patrols in Luton following a violent disorder yesterday (Sunday).
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2018
title: Investigation launched into Luton disorder
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-disorder-luton-sept18
```

**We have stepped up patrols in Luton following a violent disorder yesterday (Sunday).**

At around 4.50pm, officers were called to Saxon Road following reports of a group of men fighting with weapons.

A 15-year-old boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries and remains in a critical condition. Six other people, including three teenagers, were taken to hospital for further treatment with serious injuries, including stab wounds.

Seven people have been arrested in connection with the incident. Scene guards are currently in place on Saxon Road and Biscot Road and officers are maintaining a presence in the area.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "I understand this incident has caused concern amongst our communities, particularly as footage of the incident has been circulating on social media. I want to reassure residents in Luton, and those who live in the immediate area where the incident took place, that we're taking this incredibly seriously.

"Quite clearly, this kind of behaviour is not acceptable. I want to send a very clear message that we will not tolerate this kind of activity and will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice. Any kind of activity involving weapons is an absolute priority for the force and we're responding robustly.

"We have made a number of arrests in relation to this incident, and an investigation into the circumstances of the incident is ongoing. I would ask that anyone who has any information or any mobile phone footage, which may help our investigation, to get in touch with us."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting Operation Norbiton. Alternatively report information online or call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
