```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A gym in Bedford has been handed a prohibition notice after it was found to have breached the current Covid-19 regulations by staying open.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: Bedford gym handed prohibition notice after breaching Covid-19 regulations
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-gym-handed-prohibition-notice-after-breaching-covid-19-regulations
```

### A gym in Bedford has been handed a prohibition notice after it was found to have breached the current Covid-19 regulations by staying open.

New government rules came onto force today (Thursday), and states certain businesses, such as gyms, have to close for the four-week lockdown period.

Bedford Borough Council and Environmental Health, supported by our officers, attended Gainz Fitness and Strength after the owner failed to abide by the new regulations. He was subsequently served with a prohibition notice. Three people who had attended the gym were also handed fixed penalty notices of up to £200.

Cllr Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety and Regulatory Services said "Environmental Health Officers have today issued a prohibition notice on Gainz Gym and Strength in Shuttleworth Road for refusing to close following the introduction of the new national restrictions.

"We know that this second lockdown is challenging for all businesses that are being asked to close, and alongside them we are calling on the government to provide the financial support to help them get through it.

"However, businesses and individuals cannot be permitted to break the law that is in place to keep us all safe and we will continue to monitor the situation to ensure that this business, and others, adhere to the regulations that are in place to keep us all safe. It's vital that we all play our part to reduce the spread of Covid-19, save lives and protect the NHS."

Chief Superintendent John Murphy said: "The government has ordered this four-week lockdown to try to drive down the rising infection rates, to protect the NHS and ultimately save lives. We understand the impact these restrictions can have, but infection rates here in Bedfordshire are also rising at concerning levels so it is vital that everyone plays their part by taking personal responsibility and adhering to the rules.

"The vast majority of people are doing that, so it is extremely disappointing that this particular venue decided to ignore the rules which have been put in place to keep people safe. We were left with little option but to take enforcement action in partnership with colleagues from Bedford Borough Council.

"We understand that exercising is a priority for a lot of people, but we would urge you to find an alternative, such as a home workout or out in the open air.

"We're really grateful to the vast majority of people who have been following the rules, but will not hesitate to fine those who are flagrantly ignoring the guidance."

Covid-19 remains a risk to our communities, and anyone wishing to report a breach of Covid-19 guidelines can do so via our online reporting tool.
