```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire has addressed the United Nations.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2019
title: "Bedfordshire chief officer addresses UN Women\u2019s Conference"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jackie-sebire-united-nations
```

**Our Assistant Chief Constable (ACC) has addressed the United Nations as part of the Commission on the Status of Women.**

ACC Jackie Sebire was invited to speak yesterday (Monday) at the event on the topic of community cohesion and a representative workforce. She will return next Monday (18 March) to talk about women in law enforcement.

The conference's theme this year focuses on women's access to justice, and takes place at the UN's headquarters in New York. The event features representatives from member states, UN entities and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) from all regions of the world.

ACC Sebire, who also holds the national policing portfolio for tackling serious youth violence, said: "In the year in which the Metropolitan Police Service, the UK's largest force has been celebrating 100 years of women in policing, this is a moment to reflect on how far we have come. Some of the most senior positions in UK law enforcement are now held by some incredible women, which is a huge step from being given primarily caring roles in the force.

"For me, improving women's access to justice is not just about senior representation of women in the service, but also about encouraging women into the policing profession, empowering others and providing peer support.

"It is an honour to speak on behalf of all women in policing on this prestigious world stage. I could never have done it without the support of the amazing people I work with now and have worked with throughout my career. I hope that by opening up this important discussion I can help inspire others.

"I also want to thank the ASC Division on Women and Crime for the opportunity to discuss the importance of community cohesion and policing legitimacy. It was so interesting to hear the experience of other nations and share some of the work and experiences of Bedfordshire Police with the panellists and attendees. There were many common themes which arose and I look forward to working together to share ideas and promote best practice in the future."
