```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Tuesday), we held a graduation ceremony to welcome 22 new student officers into force.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Bedfordshire Police welcomes 22 new student officers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-student-officers-oct20
```

Today (Tuesday), Bedfordshire Police held a graduation ceremony to welcome 22 new student officers into force.

The new students started their journey with the force in June when they began their intense classroom-based officer training. The lessons gave them the fundamental basics of policing and it is now time to take to the streets and continue on their student journey over the next two years.

The students bring with them different skills from a range of previous careers including a delivery driver, design engineer, lettings negotiator and security.

Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "We are really pleased to welcome 22 new officers to our force and see them helping our communities in Bedfordshire.

"It is really interesting to see the different working backgrounds our new officers come from, they will all bring a unique skill set and perspective to the role and it really proves it doesn't matter what your previous experience is, you can make a difference as a police officer."

Police Constable Tony Long said: "I used to be an estate agent and have been able to bring skills from my previous job including communications, confidence and persuasion, which have really helped me in my training. It's taken me a few years to take that leap, and I'm so glad I've done it."

After the graduation ceremony the students will be placed in either the north or the south of the county and gain full support from the force to ensure they become well-rounded officers and pass their NVQ in policing.

The student officer journey can a daunting one, especially as in the role the officers will deal with situations many people may never have experienced before. The force has invested in student development officers to help students navigate the police officer journey and discover their potential in the role. They will be on hand during their two-year probation to help students overcome any modules they are finding difficult and work through any issues they may be facing, both personally and professionally.

Inspector Emma Nicol, from the People & Workforce Development team, said "The student development officers have already made an impact on our students, with many feeling they can overcome any difficulties they are facing and are able to complete the modules. We hope to see our new students thrive in the role, especially with the new support on hand."

Police Constable Nathan Cox used to work in a mental health hospital, he said: "Talking to people from different background and understanding what people's needs are is a strength I can bring to policing. Since I applied for Bedfordshire Police, they have been really supportive throughout the whole process. If ever you need any support, they are always there to guide you through. It's been a really wonderful experience and I can't wait to get out into the community."

If you would like to start your career in policing with Bedfordshire Police and take advantage of the support and career paths available to you, visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/join-us.
