```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are reviewing an unsolved murder from almost 60 years ago and are appealing for information.
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019
title: Appeal for information into Pegsdon cold case murder
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-pegsdon-1962murder-oct2019
```

**Cold case detectives are appealing for information as part of a review into the 1962 murder of a Bedfordshire man.**

Robert Allen, 70, was found with serious head injuries in his home, known as "The Hut", in Pegsdon, on the Hitchin Road, between Hitchin and Barton-Le-Clay, on Sunday 21 October 1962. He never regained consciousness, and died in hospital on 28 October.

At the time, four people were arrested, however all were released without charge.

Mr Allen's death has been reviewed on a regular basis, but no one has ever been brought to justice.

Detective Sergeant Lindsay Harbour, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Although this murder happened almost 60 years ago, someone may have information that can help our investigation.

"Robert was well-known to local residents and was considered to be a 'character'. His murder shocked the community and, with the passage of time, we are hoping that as allegiances change and people move on, someone may wish to finally tell their story.

"I would also appeal to anyone else who has information about the case, and who has not previously come forward, to get in contact."

Anyone with information can report using the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101 and quoting reference Op Pegsdon.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, in confidence on 0800 555 111.
