```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Friday 11 January) we have opened applications for police officers, with applicants invited to complete an online application form.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2019
title: We're recruiting police officers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officer-recruitment-jan19
```

**Today (Friday 11 January), we have opened applications for police officers, with applicants invited to complete an online application form.**

Recruitment continues to be a priority for us and since 2016, we have continued to recruit new officers, who are now working on the frontline, policing the counties of Bedfordshire.

Inspector Mo Aziz, from the force's recruitment team, said: "While recruitment is a priority for the force and we have continued to recruit new officers, we still have more work to do to get to where we need to be in terms of numbers. We want to recruit passionate individuals who want to make a difference in Bedfordshire, and who will uphold the high standards we expect from our officers.

"As a force we face complex challenges, and as a result I think we offer people a diverse career across a number of vital departments. We're a small force, but we have big opportunities and big ambitions. There are many opportunities for our people to continue to develop their skills once they join us, and this is something we continue to encourage."

We're hosting an information evening next Thursday (17 January) at the Auction House in Luton, from 6.30pm until approximately 9pm. Attendees will have the opportunity to hear from serving police officers about their time with the force, and learn more about the application process.

Anyone who is interested is asked to register their interest by emailing r.recruitment@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk.

To find out more about becoming a police officer, visit our police officer information pages. To apply to join the force, click here.
