```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Major Crime Unit for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire has secured 3,000 years of sentencing since it was established, as the Joint Protective Services (JPS) team celebrates the work officers have carried out in this past year.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: Major Crime Unit secures 3,000 years of sentencing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mcu-3000-years-june2018
```

**The Major Crime Unit for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire has secured 3,000 years of sentencing since it was established, as the Joint Protective Services (JPS) team celebrates the work officers have carried out in this past year.**

The unit has responsibility for the investigation of major crime across the tri-force area. The 3,000 years of sentencing has accumulated since the team was set up six years ago to investigate murders, attempted murders, stranger rapes, crimes in action and manhunts following fatal road traffic collisions.

The Major Crime Unit is in turn part of the tri-force JPS team, which is highlighting the tenacious work undertaken by officers and staff in the last financial year (2017/18). This includes casualty reduction on our roads, denying criminals the use of our roads, offenders brought to justice for horrific road collisions, hundreds of arrests and seizures of drugs and cash, leading the way in forensics and training officers in specialist skills.

View a video showcasing the work and successes they've achieved.

ACC Paul Fullwood, who is in charge of JPS, said: "The nine specialist teams working within Joint Protective Services are, on a daily basis, providing the highest levels of specialist policing services to the three counties. I am proud of them, and proud to serve in this role alongside colleagues in the three forces to make our counties even safer. Protecting the public, keeping people safe and supporting victims and their families is truly at the heart of what we do, and will continue to do."

The other units under the JPS command are:

 * Armed Policing Unit
 * Civil Contingencies Unit
 * Camera Tickets and Collisions
 * Dog Unit
 * Forensic Collision Investigation Unit
 * Operational Planning and Support Unit
 * Road Policing Unit
 * Scientific Services Unit

ACC Fullwood continued: "As I am sure you will understand, policing can be hard for so many reasons and my staff face some truly challenging times. In the last year, our policing units have risen to the challenge, especially during the periods where the national terror threat level was elevated to critical.

"As you will see from the video, members of the public have described our staff as professional, dedicated, compassionate and caring, amongst other things. This is so very true, and I would like to thank each and every one of them for the contribution they make to our communities. I would also like to thank their families for the support they give, without which, the job would be even harder."

Don't forget you can follow the work of our JPS units on social media:

@ACC_Fullwood

@BCHPoliceDogs / www.facebook.com/BCHPoliceDogs

@BCH_OPSU

@roadpoliceBCH
