```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two robberies in Luton on Tuesday (23 January) are being treated by police as linked.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2018
title: Luton robberies being treated as linked
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Luton-robberies-linked-Jan2018
```

**Two robberies in Luton on Tuesday (23 January) are being treated as linked.**

At approximately 11.15pm a taxi driver was threatened and robbed in Whipperley Way, after collecting the offenders from a property in Ruthin Close.

The offenders are described as a large black woman, aged between 30 and 35, with a nose ring and wearing a black hooded top, and a white man aged between 30 and 35 with black thinning hair and wearing a grey shirt.

Shortly afterwards, at around 11.35pm, police received reports that a delivery driver was robbed in Dunsmore Road. The victim was assaulted before his car, a grey VW Fox, was stolen.

The offenders are described as a black woman and white man with ginger hair and a scraggy ginger beard.

Detective Constable Rachel Lydon, investigating, said: "These were two shocking robberies which have understandably left the victims shaken. We do believe the robberies could be linked and we are currently following a number of lines of enquiry to locate the dangerous individuals responsible.

"We're urging the public to help us and would ask that anyone who witnessed either incident, or any suspicious activity in this area of Luton yesterday evening, to contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference C/3733/2018. You can also report information via our online reporting tool, or anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
