```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The victim was targeted in Larkway, Bedford at around 8.35pm on Sunday
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2019
title: Appeal after teenager robbed at knifepoint
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-teenager-robbed-knifepoint-jul2019
```

**We are appealing for information after a teenager was robbed at knifepoint.**

The victim was targeted in Larkway, Bedford at around 8.35pm last night (Sunday).

He and two friends were walking home when the three suspects blocked their path.

One of them put their arm around the shoulder of the victim while the other offenders went off with his two friends.

The victim was then threatened with a knife and had his bag, phone and wallet stolen. The three suspects then ran off towards Bedford Park.

The offenders are described as three black men in their teens or early 20s.

One is described as tall and wearing a pale grey hoodie.

Another suspect is described as tall and stocky and wearing a pale hoodie, with a white and black scarf covering his face.

The third man was carrying a black rucksack.

Detective Inspector Janine Graham, investigating, said: "We will not stand for this threat of violence on the streets of our town.

"Officers will be carrying out patrols across Bedford over the coming days, and we are determined to bring those responsible for this to justice.

"If anyone was in the area at the time, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage which could help our investigation, please get in contact."

Anyone with any information can contact us on 101 or visit the online reporting centre on our website, quoting reference 40/37387/19.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
