```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging residents to remain vigilant with regards to home security, to ensure that prized belongings stay safe this summer.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Police urge vigilance in summer home security
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/summer-burglary-advice-june2018
```

**We are urging residents to remain vigilant with regards to home security, to ensure that prized belongings stay safe this summer.**

The majority of burglaries are opportunistic, and a property that presents itself as insecure is far more likely to be targeted than one which is properly secured.

In the warmer weather, it is important to take steps not to leave ground floor windows or doors open or unlocked, unless someone is in that room. It only takes a second for a thief to enter a home and take things, often without being noticed.

Top tips for keeping homes secure over the summer include:

 * Always close and lock windows and doors when leaving the property - even a small open window could entice a burglar.
 * If in the garden, make sure windows and doors at the front of the property are secure.
 * Do not leave valuables on display through windows.
 * Any car or house keys should be out of sight and some distance from a window or door.
 * Ensure that any side entrance is secure, locked and not easy to climb over, even when someone is at home.
 * If leaving windows open while sleeping, fit window restrictors so they cannot be fully opened.
 * Consider installing a visible security light or alarm to deter criminals.
 * If going on holiday, make arrangements to make sure the house appears occupied whilst it's unoccupied. Put lights on a timer or ask a neighbour to come and pick up mail and draw curtains. Don't advertise being on holiday on social media.

Detective Inspector Andy Southam, the force's burglary pursue lead, said: "Tackling burglary is a priority for the force, and we have a dedicated team to investigate such crime and target offenders.

"Unfortunately the good weather we are seeing presents new opportunities for burglars, so we ask that people remain vigilant and conscious that open windows and doors can be very appealing to potential offenders.

"We always appreciate the support of the public. If you see anyone acting suspiciously please call 101 or 999 in an emergency."

We have more information available on the burglary pages of our website.
