```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Andrew McCleary, 37, of Cavendish Street, Bedford, robbed one man at knifepoint and threatened to stab another man during the incidents in Bedford town centre either side of Christmas.
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Man jailed for four-and-a-half years over town centre robberies
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-bedford-robberies-mar2019
```

**A man who committed two robberies in Bedford and assaulted a number of police officers has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.**

Andrew McCleary, 37, of Cavendish Street, Bedford, robbed one man at knifepoint and threatened to stab another man during the incidents in Bedford town centre either side of Christmas.

McCleary was also sentenced for causing actual bodily harm, dangerous driving, criminal damage and assaults on a number of police officers today (Monday) at Luton Crown Court.

Detective Constable Aroop Nandre, who investigated the robberies, said: "These attacks were targeted at specific victims that McCleary did not know and will have caused them significant distress.

"The fact McCleary was so quick to use violence in both cases is a huge cause for concern and it is right he has been handed such a significant sentence."

On 23 December at around 1am, McCleary grabbed his victim from behind in Boswell Place and put him in a headlock. The force applied by McCleary caused the victim to pass out.

McCleary then proceeded to steal his victim's debit card, ID card and mobile phone. He then left the scene, leaving his victim unconscious on the floor.

In the next incident, on 27 December, McCleary was part of a group which approached another man in Boswell Place at around 3.45am. McCleary shouted at the man "give me everything you got or I'll stab you bruv".

The pair were then involved in a struggle, during which McCleary held the victim in a headlock while he tried to escape.

After three minutes the victim managed to break free but left his mobile phone, around £70 in cash and his house keys at the scene, which McCleary stole.

McCleary pleaded guilty to both offences, which were captured on CCTV. He received a sentence of four-and-a-half years for both robberies, which will run concurrently.

He was also sentenced over an incident at a hotel in Bedford.

McCleary became involved in a row with someone in a communal hallway at around 4am on 20 October. Another guest came out of their room and asked them to keep the noise down.

McCleary then slammed into the guest's hotel room door and broke into their room. The guest forced McCleary out of the room and the pair continued their struggle in the hallway, where McCleary headbutted the man and bit him multiple times.

McCleary was sentenced to a year in prison for actual bodily harm and two months for criminal damage in relation to this incident. Both sentences will be served concurrently to that for the robbery.

McCleary was also sentenced over an incident in February 2018 where he crashed a vehicle into a residential property in Elstow.

When police officers attended, McCleary refused to provide a specimen for analysis and became violent and aggressive. He was charged with five separate counts of assaulting a police officer.

Today, McCleary was sentenced to seven months for dangerous driving, two months for failing to provide and one month for each assault on a police officer. All these sentences will be served concurrently.
