```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who conspired to burgle by targeting elderly victims in Luton last year has been sentenced to four years and four months in prison.
publish:
  date: 28 Jul 2020
title: Man jailed for conspiring to commit burglaries
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-conspiring-to-commit-burglaries
```

### A man who conspired to burgle by targeting elderly victims in Luton last year has been sentenced to four years and four months in prison.

Thomas Hughes, 22, of St. Thomas's Road, Luton, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Friday (24 July), after pleading guilty to conspiracy to burgle properties in Luton.

On 13 July 2019, Hughes entered a property with another man in Langdale Road, Luton, with the pretence of completing gardening work. The victim, an elderly woman, allowed them in to have a look and one of the men stole the victim's bank card after she was distracted.

On the same day, at around 7.20pm, Hughes was identified on CCTV attempting to break into a home on Wigmore Lane.

On 14 July 2019, three men approached an elderly victim in Rutland Crescent, claiming they needed to remove some branches from the rear of her garden. Whilst inside the property, the men kept the victim distracted and took a quantity of jewellery.

The force's dedicated burglary team, Op Maze, was able to link Hughes to the offences as a result of CCTV enquiries. Hughes was also one of two men identified as a result of an identification parade.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from Op Maze and who investigated, said: "Hughes was convincing and charming to the elderly victims, which made them feel even more vulnerable after the incidents, and I was glad I could identify him on CCTV.

"I am delighted to see another burglar in Bedfordshire has been jailed, and hope that Hughes will spend some time reflecting on his actions.

"Whilst we continue to work hard to put offenders behind bars and protect the public, we would also encourage people to talk to their elderly friends, family and neighbours about distraction burglaries, and the importance of vigilance and home security."

Hughes received 42 months imprisonment after pleading guilty to conspiracy to burgle, and 10 months to run consecutively in relation to a Hertfordshire offence of engaging in unfair commercial practices.

James Williamson, 22, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 60 months imprisonment at the end of last year.

For more information about distraction burglaries and keeping your home safe, visit our website.
