```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: This Arson Awareness Week (18-24 March), we are teaming up with Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service to deliver fire and crime prevention advice to people and businesses
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Police and fire join forces during Arson Awareness Week
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arson-awareness-week-mar2019
```

**This Arson Awareness Week (18-24 March), we are teaming up with Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service to deliver fire and crime prevention advice to people and businesses.**

Sergeant Richard Cunningham, from the Luton community policing team, said: "We are pleased to be working with our colleagues at the fire service to speak to our communities about arson, and the steps they can take to help prevent it.

"We take reports of arson incredibly seriously. It's not only a senseless crime, but it's incredibly dangerous and where we have established a fire is not accidental we will do what we can to ensure we bring offenders to justice.

"However, our communities can take steps to ensure the safety of their homes and premises, and indeed themselves. Taking time to dispose of materials safely will ensure that opportunists are unable to cause damage and disruption to lives and businesses."

Andy Martin, Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service's arson reduction officer, added: "The purpose of this joint community engagement is to educate the public and local business owners about how they can prevent their properties from becoming a target for arson.

"Fly tipping is great fuel for an arsonist - which is why it is important to always dispose of your rubbish responsibly and make arrangements for combustible materials to be taken to a tip by a trustworthy source and not leave any in front of your property.

"Schools are often the target for arson, which not only causes damage to the building itself but disturbs the education of all the pupils and diverts resources to rebuilding the property and not teaching the pupils.

"Derelict unused buildings and buildings under construction or renovation are also often subject to arson, criminal damage and theft. Such buildings are seen as an easy target by offenders and also pose a risk to those neighbouring the properties".

Ourselves and the fire service will attend engagement events at the following:

**Monday 18 March**

 * **10am - 12pm** \- Sainsburys, Bramingham
 * **1:30pm - 2:30pm** \- Lea Manor School
 * **3pm - 4pm** \- Chalk Hills School
 * **6 - 7pm** \- Scout Group North & West

**Friday 22 March**

 * **1pm - 3pm** \- Ruthin Close, Luton
 * **3pm - 5pm** \- Market Square, Farley Hill

If you see anyone acting suspiciously or you witness an arson contact the police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For more advice on arson prevention and reduction please see the arson reduction pages on our website www.bedsfire.gov.uk under the Community Safety'section
