```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Information sought following a knifepoint van robbery in Luton
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Information sought following a knifepoint van robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/information-sought-following-a-knifepoint-van-robbery
```

### Detectives from our force are investigating a knifepoint robbery that took place in Luton on Friday (3 July), and are calling on anyone who witnessed the incident, or who may have information, to come forward.

At around 6.30pm, the victim was getting into his van on Taunton Avenue, when a man opened the driver's door and demanded he got out. He showed him the tip of a knife and threatened to stab him if he didn't comply.

The offender made off with the victim's van, which also had his wallet and mobile phone inside. The van has since been recovered.

Detective Sergeant Richard Marshall, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This brazen robbery happened in the early evening as people were returning home from work, so we are asking if you saw anything, or you have any information to come forward, as this may help us with our enquiries.

"Unfortunately, the victim was extremely shaken up and doesn't have a description of the offender, so all we know is that he is a white man. We will not tolerate such acts of intimidation and to terrify someone into giving up their vehicle by threatening them with a knife is despicable. We will do all we can to identify and catch this culprit."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact DS Marshall on 101, or visit the online reporting centre, quoting reference number 40/35743/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111
