```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are supporting a national week of action which aims to tackle a recent increase in knife crime and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2018
title: We support national week of action to tackle knife crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-sceptre-sept18
```

**We are supporting a national week of action which aims to tackle a recent increase in knife crime and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.**

The force is carrying out a variety of activity in support of Operation Sceptre, which started on Monday (17 September), and which is being supported by a number of forces across the country.

Yesterday officers and PCSOs held community engagement events in Luton and Bedford town centres, speaking to the public about knife crime and encouraging them to report information about knife crime in their area.

Throughout the rest of the week, officers will carry out activity including high visibility patrols in knife crime hotspot areas, engagement with schools and weapons sweeps to look for knives which may have been discarded or hidden for future use, taking them off the streets.

On Saturday and Sunday (22 and 23 September), the final two days of the operation, the force has invited the community to join them on two further days of weapons sweeps.

Anyone who attends will be teamed up with officers to search specific locations for knives that have been discarded or hidden for future use. Officers will take responsibility for handling any weapons that are found and securing them before they're removed from the location.

Inspector John Nichols, who has co-ordinated much of the activity, said: "Tackling knife crime is a priority and we will continue to work hard to reduce the number of people who carry knives. That's why weeks of action like this are so important.

"As well as supporting national weeks of action, we run similar operations throughout the year to demonstrate our commitment to tackling knife crime.

"This is the first time we have invited members of the community to join us on weapons sweeps - we know that knife crime is just as important to them as it is to us. By inviting people out to join us, we hope that not only will they see what we're doing to tackle it but will also be able to play a part in helping us. It also gives us the chance to meet our communities and continue to build closer relationships with them."

Operation Sceptre runs until Sunday (23 September).

To report concerns about knife crime call police on 101, or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
