```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Keen knitters are being sought to help create teddy bears to be used to support children who are impacted by crime in Bedfordshire.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Knitters needed to make teddies to take away the trauma of crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knitters-needed-trauma-crime-oct2018
```

**Keen knitters are being sought to help create teddy bears to be used to support children who are impacted by crime in Bedfordshire.**

The project is being rolled out by the Signpost Hub, which provides free and confidential emotional and practical support to those affected by crime. The idea is to involve community groups, charities, refuges, knitting clubs and enthusiasts willing to get involved.

The teddies, called Bobby Buddies, will be made to look like police officers. They will be used by Bedfordshire Police officers and Victim Care Co-ordinators (VCCs) at the Signpost Hub when they talk to and support children.

VCC Zoe Davis, who is leading the project, said: "The teddies will be a great support for children who have experienced the trauma of crime.

"They can be used as a communication aid, to comfort and reassure, as well as a gesture to show the child there are also good people in our community. We can even tell them the first name of the person who knitted the bear."

The bears must not be made with buttons or beads for the safety of the child.

PC Conroy introduced the scheme successfully with Dorset Police, and is allowing Bedfordshire to use their Bobby Buddy template created by his mother Tracey Conroy.

Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire added: "Bedfordshire Police is fully supporting the scheme, which is a great way of assisting young people at a difficult time.

"The Bobby Buddies will help them to realise officers are approachable, are there to help them and are not someone to be scared of. They will also be a great way for officers and VCCs to build relationships and can be really useful in distracting the young person from what is going on around them during a stressful situation.

"It also highlights how much of the work we do cannot be done without the assistance of our community, and by working together we can make a positive difference."

Any individual, group or organisation looking to get involved should contact Zoe Davis at zoe.davis@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk or by calling 0800 0282 887.

To find out more about the work of the Signpost Hub visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/information-and-services/Victim-care/Support-services-for-victims
