```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We take on Thames Valley Police tomorrow evening (Wednesday) in a rugby match to honour officers.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2019
title: Rugby match in memory of Bedfordshire and Thames Valley Police officers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rugby-memorial-officers-feb2019
```

**The Bedfordshire Police rugby team will take on Thames Valley Police in Aylesbury tomorrow (Wednesday), in honour of two officers who died.**

The Memorial Cup match will be held to remember Thames Valley officer PC Dan Clayton-Drabble, who was a member of the Thames Valley Police Stags rugby team, and Bedfordshire officer PC Jamie Cannon, and who both tragically died in December.

The match will raise funds for the charities chosen by the officer's families in memory of their loved ones.

It will take place at Aylesbury Rugby Club at 7.15pm and supporters are welcome to attend.

Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Lay said: "We were honoured to be invited to take part in this match by our colleagues in neighbouring force Thames Valley Police, and the match will be a fitting tribute to two young officers who were both taken too young and in tragic circumstances during December.

"This is an opportunity for us all to be able to show our respect to our fallen colleagues, while raising money for the very worthy causes chosen by their families. Although we will be playing against each other, we are united as one police family."

PC Cannon's family have picked two charities to raise funds in his memory; the British Heart Foundation and Bloodwise. To make a donation, please visit the fundraising page.

There will be donation buckets available on the evening. Any donations will be split evenly with charities chosen by the families of PC Daniel Clayton-Drabble, PC Jamie Cannon, and former Thames Valley Police officer PC Kevin Flint, who died while off-duty, travelling home from work on 15 January.
