```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Anyone who may have been in the area at that time or who may have seen two men on electric scooters in Bedford town centre is asked to get in contact with us.
publish:
  date: 30 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following stabbing in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-stabbing-bedford-jun20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed several times by two masked men on electric scooters.

Between the hours of 10pm and 11pm on Saturday, 20 June, the victim was sat near Bedford Park, Bedford when two masked men on electric scooters approached him.

The offenders then stabbed the man several times and fled the scene.

The man attended A&E at Bedford Hospital for his wounds, which were serious but not life-threatening, and police were called to investigate.

Detective Constable David Gordon, investigating, said: "This was a horrific attack in what we believe to be an isolated and targeted incident.

"We are appealing to the public for their help in finding these offenders. Anyone who may have been in the area at that time or who may have seen two men on electric scooters in Bedford town centre is asked to get in contact with us.

"I'd also like to ask anyone who has dash camera footage or CCTV of these areas to come forward, as the footage could prove valuable to the investigation.

"Knife crime will not be tolerated in the county and we will continue to work hard to protect our communities from it and find those responsible."

You can contact US on 101 or visit the online reporting centre on the force website, quoting reference 40/33151/20.

Or alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Young people or their families who want more information or support about knife crime and serious violence can visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction unit's website.
