```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Four-and-a-half year sentence for man who attacked his partner last year.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Man jailed for attempted GBH towards his partner
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jailed-ward-GBH-jun2020
```

**A man has been jailed for more than four years, after he attacked his partner in her home last year. **

Russell Ward, 33, of Dunstable Road, Luton was sentenced to four and half years in jail at Luton Crown Court on Monday (22 June) for attempted grievous bodily harm (GBH).

On Tuesday 30 July, Ward went to his partner's home in Luton and began shouting in the street. His victim let him into the house to try and calm him, but he continued to be aggressive and argumentative, and threatened her with a hammer. Then, breaking the coffee table, he beat her with one of the legs until she passed out. He then left the property.

In the early hours of Thursday 8 August, Ward returned to the location and made verbal threats towards her, overhead by concerned neighbours who called the police. It was then the victim disclosed the earlier attack.

Ward was arrested, and on searching his home, officers found a gym bag containing bloodstained clothing.

The investigation into the earlier incident began and, through painstaking work, detectives were able to obtain further witness statements, and later the results of forensic examination of the bloodstained clothes, which showed the blood was the victim's.

Ward was charged in October with actual bodily harm (ABH) and making threats to kill, however, officers working on the case approached the court and asked for the charges to be reconsidered, on the strength of the supporting evidence.

The court agreed, and Ward was further arrested on the higher indictment of attempted grievous bodily harm (GBH), which he denied.

In March, Ward was found guilty by the jury at a trial lasting three days at Luton Crown Court.

DC Leila Dales of the force's Emerald team, dedicated to the investigation of domestic abuse, said: "Intervention by neighbours means that Ward is now in prison and can no longer terrorise and hurt his victim.

"His attack put her in genuine fear for her life, but she was too afraid to report it, only revealing the extent of what he had done over a week later.

"Through detailed investigation, and the willingness of those who spoke up for his victim, we were able to piece together the further details and obtain an upgraded charge.

"Everyone has the right to live free from fear and without the threat of violence, and I'm pleased to say that his victim is now able to do that.

"Domestic abuse and violence, in any form is unacceptable, and we are committed to bringing perpetrators to justice. We are dedicated to providing support for victims, so that we can investigate, and put offenders like Ward behind bars."

If you are a victim of domestic abuse or violence, or you have concerns for someone else, please call the police on 101.

If a crime is in progress, or if someone is in danger, always call 999. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
