```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for witnesses following\_the robbery of a child in Dunstable."
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following the robbery of a child in Dunstable
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-robbery-child-feb2018
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following the robbery of a child in Dunstable.**

On Friday 2 February at around 4.30pm, the boy was on his bike with his friends who were playing football near to the church in Priory Gardens. They were approached by two women who started shouting at them and asking for their football. The group refused to provide the ball and the females initially walked away.

The women then chased the boy and his friends into Priory Road, where they assaulted him and stole his silver and red Carrera bike.

The offenders then made off through the Priory Gardens and onto High Street South with the bike.

One offender is described as white, in her early 20s, with red hair tied up in a bun. She spoke with an Irish accent, was wearing a blue coat with fluffy hood and denim jeans, and was called 'Natasha' by the other offender. The second offender is described as white, also in her early 20s, with fair hair, and an Irish accent. She was wearing an Ellesse coat and light grey jogging bottoms.

PC Nash Hussain, investigating, said: "This was a completely unprovoked robbery of an innocent child and we are determined to find the two people responsible. If you witnessed the incident, or think you can help us identify the offenders, I would urge you to get in touch with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Nash Hussain on 101 quoting JD/5211/2018, or via our online reporting centre. You can also give information to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
