```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our specialist guns and gangs unit has secured almost 500 years in jail terms for offenders over two years, as it continues to drive down serious youth violence in Bedfordshire.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Gang unit continues to drive down serious youth violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/boson-syv-june20
```

**Our specialist guns and gangs unit has secured almost 500 years in jail terms for offenders over two years, as it continues to drive down serious youth violence in Bedfordshire.**

Since the start of 2018, the team - dedicated to tackling gun and gang activity - have executed 299 search warrants, arrested 421 suspects and secured sentences totalling 483 years' imprisonment.

As well as this they have managed to seize 47 firearms, 23 imitation firearms, 1,252 rounds of viable ammunition, 7.3 kilos of Class A and 11.4 kilos of Class B drugs, and more than £156,000 cash.

Boson is also involved in preventative work in this area, working closely with the Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU) and other agencies.

There has been a 9 per cent reduction in serious youth violence in the county in the 12 months to March, which equates to around 200 fewer victims.

Detective Superintendent Duncan Young said: "The Boson team plays a leading role in working with the guidance of the VERU to support prevention efforts in a bid to divert people away from the exploitation of gangs in the first place.

"Boson also collaborate with multi-agency panels across the county to share information and review the risks around those at risk of serious youth violence, working to identify how the different agencies can help and support people and putting those options into action.

"Prevention is an essential part of what we do. It is important to show those susceptible to gang exploitation the consequences and dangers that come with joining a gang.

"We can only do this with the support of those who have turned their lives around, those families affected within our communities and of course our partners, who are as committed as we are to help break this cycle of gang exploitation and violence within our communities. We know we can only make a change together."

At the end of April, the team secured a five year prison sentence for Jordan Ellis-Dingwall, 21, of Swan Mead Road, Luton, after he pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of a firearm. Ellis-Dingwall was arrested during one of the team's many warrants.

Earlier in the year, the team secured a 27-and-a-half year sentence for Justice McCann, 22, of Ravenhill Way, Luton, after he pleaded guilty to five charges included attempted murder.

The Boson team also has an exceptionally high rate of solving the crimes it investigates.

From April 2019 to March 2020, Boson had a solved outcome rate of 69 per cent for the 182 crimes it investigated across Bedfordshire, including 97 per cent of drug trafficking cases and 95 per cent of drugs possession investigations.

Last month the Home Office confirmed £908,000 of 'surge funding' for Bedfordshire this year, which will help Boson and other teams in the force carry out enforcement work tackling those involved in serious youth violence.

This was in addition to extra funding for the VERU for another year.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh, the force operational lead for drugs, county lines and serious youth violence, said: "Boson works tirelessly to secure results and drive down serious youth violence in the county, and the results speak for themselves.

"We hope this reassures our communities, knowing we are working hard to protect them. We will continue to run regular proactive patrols across the county to target those people involved in this type of criminality and disrupt their activities."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to contact police on 101 or visit Bedfordshire Police's website.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help officers get a better understanding of organised crime.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit Beds VERU.
