```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Man jailed for more than nine years for GBH with intent
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020
title: Man jailed for more than nine years for GBH with intent
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-more-than-nine-years-for-gbh-with-intent
```

### A London man has been jailed after he targeted a teenager and attacked him with a knife in a shop in Bedford.

Winston Osei-Tutu, 27, of Lymington Avenue, Wood Green, received his sentence of nine years and four months at Luton Crown Court on Wednesday (15 July) after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent. He was also handed a 15-month sentence in relation to possession of an offensive weapon, which will run concurrently.

On 6 November 2019, the victim walked into a shop in London Road, Bedford, when Osei-Tutu followed him in and pulled out a knife. The pair then got into an altercation.

Osei-Tutu then chased the victim down the aisles in the shop and stabbed him multiple times. Staff members attempted to intervene before Osei-Tutu fled from the shop.

Osei-Tutu handed himself in with the weapon to police a few days later on 11 November.

We have a dedicated team tackling guns and gangs, Boson, worked tirelessly to complete the essential enquiries to secure a conviction, despite having no engagement from the victim.

Detective Constable Lindsey Cook, investigating, said: "I really hope this case sends a strong message that carrying a knife will change your life, whether the outcome is being put behind bars, getting injured or worse.

"Osei-Tutu deliberately targeted his victim, followed him, and left him with multiple stab wounds. This was a shocking level of violence and the sentence reflects that.

"Serious youth violence and knife crime is a priority for Bedfordshire Police and we will continue to crack down on those committing such crimes, as well as working with our partners to show young people a better path.

"This case is also an excellent example of how we can prosecute offenders, even if a victim is reluctant or unwilling to engage with us. It is vital that those who commit such offences are brought to justice and we will continue to work hard to secure evidence and fight crime."

Last year saw a nine per cent decrease in incidents of serious youth violence in the county, which equates to 200 fewer victims.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
