```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A team of police officers and staff is embarking on a charity cycle ride, in aid of colleagues who have been killed whilst on duty.
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2018
title: Officers to cycle 200 miles in honour of fallen colleagues
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/unity-tour-fundraising-july2017
```

**A team of police officers and staff ** **is embarking on a charity cycle ride, in aid of colleagues who have been killed whilst on duty.**

Twelve cyclists will set off from our Headquarters on Friday, 27 July and will finish in Staffordshire. The ride will end with a special ceremony paying respects to fallen officers and their families, nationwide.

Last year, five officers from the force took part in the Unity Tour challenge and raised thousands of pounds in memory of PC Jon Henry, who was tragically murdered while on duty in Luton, 11 years ago.

The 200 mile challenge is held every year to raise funds for Care Of Police Survivors (COPS), a charity which supports families of police officers who have died in the line of duty. However, this is the first year the force has had its own Unity Tour Chapter, supported by the Police Federation which has funded the ride for participants.

Sergeant Matt Crouch, who is supporting the riders and organising the event, said: "Last year the team rode for Jon Henry and we were staggered with the support and with the money raised, generating over £5,000 for COPS.

"This year we are remembering all of our colleagues, friends and loved ones who have lost their lives whilst on duty. The fact we lost one of our own is a thought never far from the minds of colleagues, old or new.

"Every force is affected by this awful reality, and it really brings home what we do. Seeing the faces of the families as we rode into Staffordshire will never leave me, and I know the donations are so well received.

"I would also like to thank James Gadd, general manager of VMS (Vehicle Hire) Ltd, greatly for supporting the ride by donating a vehicle for the weekend to help transport everything for the riders."

To support the team on their ride, visit www.justgiving.com/bedsunitytour2018

We will also be tweeting updates from the ride via @BedsPolice twitter account.
