```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Dylan Wythe, 25, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to nine months imprisonment following a hearing at Luton Magistrates\u2019 Court on Wednesday (18 December)."
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: Luton man jailed after being found defecating in hallway
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-man-defecating-hallway
```

**A Luton man who defecated in communal hallways has been jailed after being found guilty of a number of offences, including burglary.**

Dylan Wythe, 25, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to nine months imprisonment following a hearing at Luton Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (18 December).

Wythe also breached his Criminal Behaviour Order, handed to him for previous conduct in defecating and urinating in shared areas of blocks of flats. Having been observed carrying out the same actions, his Criminal Behaviour Order has been amended and extended for further three years.

This successful extension was a result of joint work between Bedfordshire Police and Luton Council's Priority Anti-Social Behaviour team. The PASB team is dedicated to helping residents feel safe and secure in their neighbourhoods and tackling anti-social behaviour in Luton.

Wythe was sentenced to four months imprisonment for burglary, two months for a breach of a suspended sentence, two months for a breach of a Criminal Behaviour Order and one month for a breach of bail, all to run consecutively.

PC Michael Trinder said: "Wythe poses a nuisance to residents of Luton and we are happy with the sentence and extension of his Criminal Behaviour Order.

"Everyone deserves to live in a clean and safe environment and should not feel threatened by trespassers or exposed to the noxious smell of urine and faeces in their homes.

"We hope that the prison term will give him the opportunity to reconsider his actions."

The order forbids him from entering any of the following Luton locations:

* The Truncals, Sutherland Place

* The Stockwood Hotel, London Road

* 4 Farley Hill

* Petrogas Applegreen, Castle Street

* High Point, Ruthin Close

* Ceira Court, South Road

* Stockwood Court, Stockwood Crescent

* Farley Lodge, Ruthin Close

* Matalan Store and car park, Castle Street

Additionally he is not allowed to sleep in the communal stairwell of any property within the borough of Luton without the consent of the owner or urinate or defecate in the stairwell or communal area of any property in Luton.

He is also prohibited from carrying urine or faeces unless appropriately stored in a medical container for the purpose of providing a sample to a qualified medical professional.
