```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Bedfordshire police officer has been given a suspended prison sentence and dismissed from duty after he used excessive force during an arrest of a teenage boy.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Officer dismissed for arrest assault
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officer-dismissed-arrest-assault
```

**A Bedfordshire police officer has been given a suspended prison sentence and dismissed from duty after he used excessive force during an arrest of a teenage boy.**

PC Del Marwaha was convicted of common assault on the 15-year-old which took place on 10 October last year in Luton. The boy had been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences when the incident occurred.

PC Marwaha denied the charge, but was convicted following a trial at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court. Last week (Wednesday, 23 September) he was handed an eight-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months at Peterborough Magistrates' Court. He was also ordered to complete 20 days of rehabilitative activities and pay £775 costs, a victim surcharge of £122 and £100 compensation to the victim.

PC Marwaha, who had been suspended from duty, was dismissed with immediate effect following a Special Case Hearing yesterday (Wednesday) in front of Chief Constable Garry Forsyth. PC Marwaha did not attend the hearing which upheld he had breached the standards of professional behaviour for use of force and discreditable conduct.

Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "Our communities, quite rightly, expect us to act with integrity at all times, particularly in challenging and confrontational situations - which is why we have independent scrutiny panels to review our arrests and use of force on a regular basis.

"It is therefore of paramount importance that we treat those in our care, in whatever form that takes, with the utmost respect and courtesy. Any abuse of that trust impacts on every officer and damages that confidence in policing.

"Clearly PC Marwaha's actions went way beyond what is acceptable, this ruling shows that such behaviour will not be tolerated by the force."
