```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from our force are appealing for witnesses following a knifepoint robbery in Dunstable last week.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Witnesses sought after teenagers robbed at knifepoint in Dunstable
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-after-teenagers-robbed-at-knifepoint-in-dunstable
```

### Officers from our force are appealing for witnesses following a knifepoint robbery in Dunstable last week.

At approximately 3.15pm on Thursday (15 October), two teenagers were approached by two men in an alleyway between Oakwood Avenue and Apollo Close.

The offenders threatened them with a knife and forced the victims to hand over their bikes.

The two men are described as white, around 18-years-old and were both wearing grey hooded jumpers and jogging bottoms, with blue disposable face masks.

The bikes stolen are described as a white bike with the word 'SPECIALIZED' written on the frame in black writing, and a black bike with the word 'CARERRA' written on the frame in dark grey writing.

PC Hannah Latton from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are appealing to anyone who witnessed this incident or who has seen these bikes to come forward as any information can help us with our enquiries.

"This was a terrifying incident for the victims, which happened in broad daylight. We will not tolerate such behaviour and will do all we can to find the two men responsible.

"We would also encourage people to consider security marking their bikes using commercially available property markers, which can make it easier to reunite stolen property with its owners in the event of a theft."

If you have any information that could assist this investigation please report online or call 101 quoting reference 40/56233/20.
