```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are reminding people parking at London Luton Airport to be vigilant.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: Police issue advice after airport vehicle break-ins
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicle-crime-prevention-advice-nov18
```

Officers from our Airport Policing Unit are reminding people parking at London Luton Airport to be vigilant, after tools were stolen from vans parked at the site.

The team are currently investigating three incidents where tools have been taken from vans at the airport's long stay car park, all thought to have occurred on Sunday (25 November).

PC Amy French, from the Airport Policing Unit, said: "Our advice to people across the county is that tools shouldn't be left in vehicles overnight, or particularly if the vehicle is being left for an extended period.

"It is often the case that vans are targeted, so we would urge people to be vigilant and remove any expensive items before parking up."

Anyone with information on the incidents is asked to speak with PC French or Sergeant James Hart via 101, or visit the force's online reporting tool.

It takes as little as ten seconds to break into a vehicle, so Bedfordshire Police recommends that vehicle owners take some of the following steps to minimise their chances of becoming a victim of crime:

• Never leave tools in your van overnight; it may be worth having a sign in your vehicle that states no tools are left in it overnight.
• Park your vehicle in a well-lit spot that is visible to other members of the public, or covered by CCTV.• Don't leave things on show in your car, and don't leave valuables in the glove-box of your car.
• It's better to store items in the boot at your point of departure, not the point of arrival - you don't know who may be watching.
• Property marking cannot prevent your goods from being stolen but it is a very good deterrent as it is difficult to sell on stolen property that has been marked. It also allows the police to return recovered stolen goods to their rightful owner. Mark your property with your house/flat number and postcode.
