```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Were you in Kempston Hardwick on Sunday (20 September) at around 10.50am?
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal after motorcyclist dies following Kempston Hardwick collision
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-motorcycle-collision-sep20
```

**Officers investigating the cause of a road incident in which a motorcyclist was fatally injured, are appealing for witnesses.**

At approximately 10.50am on Sunday (20 September), a blue and white Honda motorcycle was involved in a single-vehicle collision on Woburn Road, at the junction of Manor Road, in Kempston Hardwick.

Emergency services attended the incident, and a woman in her 20s was taken to Addenbrookes hospital with severe head injuries, but sadly did not survive.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are currently investigating the circumstances of the collision.

Sergeant Craig Wheeler said: "It's always sad when someone loses their life on our roads. Our thoughts are with the victim's family at this time and we have specialist officers supporting them.

"We are currently piecing together the events leading up to the collision, and would urge anyone with information to contact us.

"If you were in the area at this time and saw the blue and white Honda motorcycle, or you have dash cam footage, please do get in touch. Your information could be vital to our investigation.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact Bedfordshire Police via its online reporting tool, or by calling 101, quoting Operation Rathmelton.
