```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Jury finds man unanimously guilty of rape and sexual offences.
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: Man who faked a social media profile to lure victims found guilty of rape and sexual offences
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/price-guilty-rape-oct20
```

**A man who raped and sexually assaulted two young girls after arranging to meet them through a fake social media profile, has been found guilty at Luton Crown Court today (Friday).**

Barry Price, 24, of no fixed address, was found unanimously guilty by a jury of three women and nine men, of four counts of rape, three counts of sexual assault, and two counts of false imprisonment.

He pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed article during the five-day trial.

In October last year, Price was using a fictitious profile of a 17-year-old boy on Facebook, to chat with young girls.

On 28 October 2019, he arranged to meet a 16-year-girl and they spent the day together, before he drove her to a field, made her put her mobile phone onto 'airplane mode', and he raped her in his car.

Price continued his predatory attack driving the victim to a property in Gamlingay, where he became aggressive, and subjected her to a further rape and sexual assault. He then took her to a nearby train station, callously telling her "Good luck getting home".

On 7 November 2019, Price met a 15-year-old girl, who again believed he was the 17-year-old boy from Facebook.

He took her to the same property in Gamlingay, where he also put her phone on 'airplane mode' and subjected her to sexual assault and rape.

When she tried to leave, he threatened her, and smashed her mobile phone.

Detective Sergeant Clare Gilbert, of our RASSO team, who led this investigation, said: "Price deliberately hid his true identity and used social media to gain access to young girls.

"Believing him to be of a similar age to them, he used their youth and naivety to gain their trust, then forced himself on them multiple times, despite their pleas for him to stop.

"He prevented them from seeking help, and pressured them into complying with his depraved demands, using threats of violence if they resisted.

"He now faces a considerable prison sentence for his terrifying and degrading actions against two young girls.

"It cannot have been easy to report what he did to them, and they have shown great courage to come forward and tell us, and I thank them for their strength.

"I truly hope that Price's conviction will bring them some comfort and, with support, allow them in time to move past what has happened."

Price will be sentenced on 21 January 2021.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from our force and partner agencies, including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports of sexual assault, even if non-recent, can be made to the police by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting the emerald centre or by emailing , or alternatively calling 01234 842750.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
