```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: This month we are is celebrating 31 students completing their NVQ in policing and two-year probation period, which means they are now fully ranked police officers.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: We celebrate as 31 officers gaining fully ranked status
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/we-celebrate-as-31-officers-gaining-fully-ranked-status
```

### This month we are celebrating 31 students completing their NVQ in policing and two-year probation period, which means they are now fully ranked police officers.

Throughout November the chief constable will congratulate all of the new officers on this momentous occasion which marks the start of their policing career.

Mohammad Ali, who is the force's new positive action officer, was amongst the officer receiving their certificates this week.

PC Ali said: "It's such a relief that I've passed my NVQ, it's the greatest feeling in the world to be a fully ranked officer.

"The most rewarding time as a student officer was safeguarding victims, it was something I took real pride in and really enjoyed my time working with the Emerald team, who are dedicated to helping victims of domestic abuse.

"Now that I've passed the probation period I will be moving into the new positive action role where I will be helping new officers and under-represented groups through the student journey, as well as encouraging more officers from all backgrounds to join.

"This role is different to response and is more office based. As a response officer I could only help one person at a time but in my new role I feel I can contribute in a different way and help more people by increasing the retention of officers, meaning more are on the streets and available to help people in need."

The officers have spent the past two years attending different situations and working across a variety of teams to gain the host of experience needed to pass the NVQ. They have also been supported by the force's new student development officers, who are on hand to help any student who may need extra guidance during this process.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "These two years are a steep learning curve for all officers and it's really encouraging to see 31 students receiving their certificates this month. It is a pleasure to congratulate them all.

"I hope the officers take full advantage of all the career opportunities we can provide them and I look forward to seeing them continue to grow as an officer and as a valued member of our policing family here in Bedfordshire."

As a fully ranked police officer the many different career pathways are now open for them to pursue including becoming a detective, firearms officer, dog handler, or working in roads policing - as well as moving into different departments and climbing the ranks.

Police Constable Hazel Lake said: "I am really pleased I've passed the NVQ process, it has been a steep learning curve with some tough moments along the way but I have gained some really helpful feedback that has made me a better officer and pass the different criteria.

"I joined because I wanted to make a difference and help people. I also wanted a job with a lot of variety and that's definitely policing, no day is the same. There is also a variety of training available, I was lucky enough to go on the driving course and I'm working towards taser training."

Would you like to start your career in policing as a police officer? Read about some of our officers' journeys with the force.
