```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The community policing team worked closely with the housing association and Bedford Borough Council to resolve local community concerns and apply for the closure orders, which were granted last week.
publish:
  date: 30 Jun 2020
title: Two properties closed in Bedford linked to drugs and anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/properties-closed-bedford-jun20
```

The Bedford Community Policing team has successfully applied for three-month closure orders of two properties in Bedford.

A property in Palgrave Road had been the source of anti-social behaviour issues to neighbours.

Another property in Charnwood Avenue had been reportedly linked to drug crime. A search of the property found clear evidence of drug use.

The team worked closely with the housing association and Bedford Borough Council to resolve local community concerns and apply for the closure orders, which were granted last week.

Sergeant Emma Underwood, of the Bedford Community Policing team, said: "We are pleased the closure orders will bring some respite to the neighbours and surrounding communities of these properties, which have had to put up with antisocial behaviour and drug misuse.

"The concerns of our local communities are always our priority. We always encourage residents to report any concerns they have about their neighbourhoods. "This helps us build a better picture of the issues in the area and investigate any ongoing criminal activity, working with our partners to resolve issues."

If you have any concerns about drug crime, antisocial behaviour or any other crime in your neighbourhood you can report online at www.bedfordshire.report.uk or by calling 101.
