```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Police and our partners took part in a day of action as part of a 12 month operation tackling crime and anti-social behaviour hotspots in Luton last week.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2020
title: Police and partners tackle crime hotspots in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-partners-crime-luton-mar20
```

Police and our partners took part in a day of action as part of a 12 month operation tackling crime and anti-social behaviour hotspots in Luton last week.

Luton's Community Safety Partnership (CSP) launched a 12 month operation after High Town was identified through its annual priority setting as having a clear pattern of reoccurring offences in issues such as violence, theft, exploitation of sex workers, anti-social behaviour and fly-tipping. Staff from ourselves, Luton Council, Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Neighbourhood Enforcement Team, Friends of High Town and many more gathered together for a day of action in High Town.

Teams walked around hard to reach areas tidying streets, identifying fly-tipping spots and speaking to the community and local businesses about issues in the area. Officers and partners recovered a cricket bat concealed in a bushed area, information on drug supplies and the on street sex trade and filled eight bags full of rubbish after the day of action.

Our Community Policing Inspector Darren Turney, said: "The operation is an important part of tackling community issues and creating robust resolutions.

"Getting onto the streets and engaging with the community is really important and helps to get to the root cause of many issues in the area.

"We are continuing to work hard together with our partners to reduce criminality in High Town and make people proud to live there."

Cllr Aslam Khan, portfolio holder for public protection at Luton Council, added: "It's really good to see so many of our partners take part in this day of action.

"High Town is home to lots of people and has lots of successful businesses, so it's important that we all work together to tackle the issues that the area is facing.

"The day has been a great success and I want to thank all of our partners that were involved."

Reports of anti-social behaviour can be made to police on 101, or via the online reporting tool. For more advice on anti-social behaviour please visit the information page on the force's website.
