```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police continued its work to clamp down on knife crime in the county, with a week of action.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2018
title: Successful week for knife crime operation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/successful-week-knifecrime-may2018
```

**We have contuniued with our work to clamp down on knife crime in the county, with a week of action.

** We ran an Operation Sceptre in the run-up to this weekend's Luton Carnival. Operation Sceptre is a national initiative which happens twice a year, but we run days of action every month in response to the increase in knife crime in the county.

Over the past week officers have been busy educating young people on the consequences of knife crime and conducting weapons sweeps in Luton town centre.

Three knives were recovered on the first day of the operation, where officers held a community engagement day in Luton town centre, speaking to residents about knife crime.

On Thursday (24 May), Police Cadets worked with us during a test purchase operation, visiting retailers in the town centre to ensure they know the law around selling knives to young people. Of the eight shops visited, the Cadets managed to purchase knives from two shops. The force will now work with those shops to offer further education and re-training, before re-visiting them at a later date.

Inspector Mark Farrant said: "Knife crime isn't something that will be tolerated in our county, and running initiatives like Operation Sceptre send a clear message to our communities. Importantly this week we were able to educate our young people on the consequences of knife crime, as well as engage with our communities.

"Operation Sceptre isn't in response to a particular incident, but a commitment to tackling knife crime. I'd urge people to bin their knives in one of our knife bins; it is not worth the risk of a criminal record, or even your life.

"We are very much looking forward to this year's carnival, which is a really important event for Luton. It's set to be a great day, as always, and there will be plenty of officers in the area. I'd urge the public to approach an officer if they need help or if they have any concerns on the day, as we're on hand to make sure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time."
