```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with an incident in the Hockwell Ring area of Luton yesterday evening (Wednesday).
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2020
title: Two arrests made in connection with Hockwell Ring incident
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrests-made-in-connection-with-hockwell-ring-incident
```

### Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with an incident in the Hockwell Ring area of Luton yesterday evening (Wednesday).

Our officers were called by the ambulance service shortly after 11.05pm to reports that a 17-year-old boy had been found on The Green with what were believed to be stab wounds. He was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries.

A short time later an 18-year-man presented at hospital with injuries that were also consistent with stab wounds.

Both teenagers were arrested on suspicion of affray and are currently in police custody for questioning.

Detective Sergeant Wil Taylor, from the force's Boson team, said: "This was a nasty incident which has left two people with injuries requiring hospital treatment.

"We will not tolerate any kind of knife crime and we do all we can to tackle those who use weapons to cause fear or harm to others. I would like to appeal to anyone who has any information that could assist our investigation to get in touch."

Anyone who has any information that could assist the enquiry is asked to contact DS Taylor on 101 quoting Operation Raptor.

Alternatively, you can report online on our website or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

For more information or support on knife crime please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website
