```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Assaults on our officers put our communities in danger says PCC
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2020
title: Assaults on officers put communities in danger
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assaults-on-officers-put-communities-in-danger
```

### Crime Commissioner, Kathryn Holloway and ourselves have warned that assaulting police officers on duty could put the wider community in danger after it was revealed there have been over 100 assaults on police officers since lockdown began.

The Government brought in restrictions in response to the Covid-19 pandemic at the end of March and 106 police officers have since been assaulted in the line of duty.

"Assaults on our police officers, who are the ones protecting us from danger, are absolutely unacceptable. Police put their own lives on the line for the public every single day and have the right to return home safely at the end of each shift, like everyone else. An attack on a police officer can never be considered just part of the job.

"We all need to be able to call upon them in the worst of all circumstances. Bedfordshire Police has less than 1300 officers and if a single officer is lost from duty not only is this appalling for them and their loved ones but our resources, which are already stretched, become an even thinner blue line," said Commissioner Holloway.

During the height of the pandemic, when the public was advised to stay at home, Bedfordshire Police maintained its presence in and around communities, resulting in a series of highly successful operations. Most recently, we worked alongside colleagues from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) to run two intensive days of action against suspected organised gangs, which resulted in more than 90 kilos of Class A drugs, seven firearms and over £180,000 in cash being seized in the county and twenty-four people were arrested.

Volunteers have also been playing a significant role in keeping Bedfordshire safe. In just one month (17 April - 17 May), our Special Constables dedicated a total of 2,277 hours carrying out Covid-19 patrols.

"Our full-time and volunteer officers provide a vital service in keeping everyone safe. They've been carrying out their duties throughout the pandemic which means that many of them have been living away from their families in order to protect their loved ones from the virus. We need to look after them, so they are able to look after us when we need them most," added the PCC.

Our Federation Chairman, Steve Bozward, said: "I am proud of my Bedfordshire colleagues who have worked tirelessly throughout this pandemic working on the front line, quickly adapting to ever-changing guidance and continue to engage, explain and encourage in difficult circumstances.

"Assaults continue to rise due to the despicable behaviour of some people who think it is acceptable to assault police and other emergency workers. The only way to deal with thugs who punch, bite and spit at our police officers is to jail them.

"The Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 came into force less than two years ago after a concerted Protect the Protectors campaign by the Police Federation and MPs. It doubled the previous maximum jail sentence for assaulting emergency workers from six to 12 months. Now the Government has indicated it will extend the maximum sentence again to two years, which I very much support. Let's be clear anyone who assaults the very people who keep us safe should expect to face the full force of the law."

Earlier this year (January 2020), Commissioner Holloway called for the law to support front line police officers with greater penalties, following the broadcast of BBC One's 'Critical Incident', which featured PC Hayley Robinson, one of our officers whose leg was broken when a suspect deliberately rammed her car.

We have also enhanced the support for officers following an assault by introducing 'Maggie's Law', which is named after the daughter of PC Jon Henry, who was killed on duty in Luton in June 2007. Anyone who is assaulted while on duty receives direct contact from a member of the chief officer team to check on their welfare and to offer any support which is needed.

Our Chief Constable, Garry Forsyth, said: "An attack on a police officer or other emergency services worker is unacceptable at any time, but is especially galling when they are working on the frontline to keep people safe during a global pandemic.

"I am extremely proud of the efforts of all our officers, staff and volunteers during this unprecedented period, including the support we have given to people who have been abused or assaulted while on duty.

"We have an enhanced duty of care in place for our colleagues and will not tolerate any assault on our workforce. People who want to make a difference in their community can apply to join us with full confidence that they will be supported."

"After securing additional funding from the Government to provide 160 more officers for the county last year and 156 this year, we are currently recruiting. If we're going to attract candidates who will be risking their lives to keep us safe and fight crime, we have to protect them and give them the confidence that assaults will not be tolerated and those responsible will be brought to justice," added the Commissioner.

We are currently recruiting and has opened the application process for the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP). To learn more about a career in policing visit .
