```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two Special Constables seized items including two handguns, 3,000 rounds of blank ammunition, three bayonets, several knives and an illegal ivory carving on a single operation.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2019
title: Specials seize weapons as part of work around National Specials Weekend
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/specials-seize-weapons-weekend-jun2019
```

**Officers in our Special Constabulary have helped seize a number of weapons as part of a series of initiatives around National Specials Weekend.**

Two Special Constables seized items including two handguns, 3,000 rounds of blank ammunition, three bayonets, several knives and an illegal ivory carving on a single operation.

The seizures were just one of the highlights from a series of projects the Special Constabulary did around National Specials Weekend, which ran from 31 May to 2 June.

Prior to this the team also ran 30 Days of Action and continued their work into volunteers week last week.

As part of these projects, the 112 members of the Special Constabulary:

 * Worked 5,211 hours
 * Carried out 741 duties
 * Made 30 arrests
 * Took 65 written statements
 * Carried out 14 warrants and 29 stop and searches
 * Seized 26 vehicles
 * Carried out 15 driving breath tests, two of which proved positive
 * Gave out three street cautions

Other highlights included spending 117 hours working on Operation Meteor, our specialist response to anti-social biking. The team also did a 'takeover' of Riseley Police Station and at London Luton Airport.

Special Constabulary Chief Officer Clint Sharp said: "These figures demonstrate the huge variety and volume of police work that members of the Special Constabulary deal with.

"We have been instrumental in taking a number of lethal weapons off the streets and protecting our communities across the county.

"I have been involved with the Special Constabulary for 23 years now and it continues to push me to my limits. I would encourage anyone looking to challenge themselves to consider joining."

Superintendent Nick Lyall added: "These projects around National Specials Weekend demonstrate the talent we have in the ranks of the Special Constabulary, as well as the vital role they play in the force.

"Our Specials really are a fantastic group of people. They have the same powers as our regular officers, but choose to undertake these roles in their spare time in order to support the front line and make a real difference in Bedfordshire."

We are continuing to recruit Special Constables. To find out more about the Special Constabulary and how to join, visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/specials
