```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a man had his wallet stolen.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Appeal after gang robs man's wallet
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-robbery-bedford-march19
```

**We are appealing for information after a man had his wallet stolen.

** At around 7.30pm on Friday (1 March) the victim was walking near a footbridge over the river near Palgrave Road, Bedford, close to the Prebend Street car park.

As he crossed the footbridge he was approached by a gang of around eight teenage boys who assaulted him and stole his wallet. The victim suffered minor injuries.

The gang then made their way towards Queens Park, away from the town centre. One of the offenders is described as mixed race, between 14 and 17 years old, six foot tall and large build. He was wearing dark clothing, including a hooded jacket.

A second offender is described as white and a little bit shorter than the first. He had his face covered.

Detective Constable David Gordon, investigating, said: "This group cannot believe they have the right to stalk our streets and attack and rob innocent people.

"We will be doing all we can to catch those responsible and would urge anyone with information to come forward.

"Perhaps you saw this gang walking around the town on Friday night, or have suspicions you know who they are; no piece of information is too small to report to us."

Anyone with information is urged to contact DC Gordon on 101 or via the force's online reporting centre, quoting reference 40/12295/19. You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
