```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We helped seize almost \xA3400,000 worth of drugs as the force continues to crack down on drug dealing, as well as the associated violence and criminal exploitation."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2019
title: "Force helps seize almost \xA3400,000 of illegal drugs in a single day"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/seize-illegal-drugs-aug2019
```

**We helped seize almost £400,000 worth of drugs yesterday (Tuesday) as the force continues to crack down on drug dealing, as well as the associated violence and criminal exploitation.**

Around seven kilos of suspected Class A drugs were seized by officers after a warrant in Pembroke Avenue, Luton, while a large cannabis factory was dismantled at another address.

Bedfordshire officers also played an instrumental role in locating a missing teenage boy from the county in another part of the country.

The teenager was subsequently arrested along with three others on suspicion of drug offences.

Detective Chief Superintendent Nick Bellingham, who oversees the force's response to serious organised crime, said: "These jobs highlight the true nature and immense threat posed by the use and supply of illegal drugs - which can include serious violence and the exploitation of vulnerable people.

"It is fantastic to see so much good work going on to tackle this threat in a single day."

Officers recovered around seven kilos of suspected heroin, cocaine and crack cocaine from the address in Pembroke Avenue, as well as three kilos of cannabis.

In total, these drugs have an estimated potential street value of around £350,000.

This is believed to be the largest ever seizure of drugs we have done on a reactive warrant. Officers also seized around £1,000 in cash from the address.

A teenager from Luton has subsequently been charged with possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin.

PC James West, who led the warrant, said: "Drugs have a corrosive impact on communities, fund wider organised crime and underpin so much of the most serious violence we see on our streets.

"That's why it is so important we continue to target and disrupt major drugs suppliers."

At an address in Derwent Avenue, Luton, officers carrying out a separate warrant dismantled a cannabis factory consisting of around 50 plants spread across three rooms.A man in his 20s from Luton has been charged with producing a Class B drug as a result of the operation.

In further work yesterday, we worked with colleagues from another force to locate a missing teenager from the county.

He was arrested alongside three other people. They were found in possession of a large quantity of Class A drugs, cash and mobile phones.

Detective Chief Inspector Steve Ashdown, head of the force's Child Sexual Exploitation and Missing Investigation Team, said: "We know that missing children are at risk of different forms of exploitation by groups involved in organised crime.

"We would appeal for information from members of the public where they see young people with adults in unusual circumstances; this can often be a sign of exploitation and may assist us in preventing children from coming to harm."

More information about exploitation and organised crime is available on our website.

If you have concerns you can contact us on 101 or visit the online reporting centre on our website.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
