```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Boson team seized drugs and weapons during two successful warrants in Luton and Bedford in a bid to reduce serious youth violence.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2020
title: Firearm and drugs recovered as force continues crackdown on serious youth violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/firearm-and-drugs-recovered-feb20
```

Our Boson team seized drugs and weapons during two successful warrants in Luton and Bedford in a bid to reduce serious youth violence.

The team, dedicated to tackling gun and gang activity, carried out a warrant on Torridge Rise, Bedford, on Tuesday (11 February) and seized just under half a kilo of cannabis, cash, mobile phones and a large machete. A three-month closure order was secured on the Torridge Rose property today (Thursday).

As a result three people were arrested, two were bailed with conditions and a third was charged with possession with intent to supply class b drugs and remanded ahead of a future court appearance.

Yesterday (12 February) a warrant was carried out on Holkham Close, Luton, and as a result a gun and ammunition were recovered.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh, the force operational lead for drugs, county lines and serious youth violence, said: "Boson are committed to disrupting the highest risk gang members across the county to reduce serious youth violence.

"The hard work and dedication from the team over the last two days has led to some excellent results. They should provide the community with reassurance that we are working hard to protect them and we will continue to crackdown on those involved in serious youth violence.

"We are also happy with the court's decision to put a closure order on the property in Bedford, and thank you to our community team for assisting with this and securing the result."

If you wish to report any issues in your area you can contact Bedfordshire Police on 101, or via the force's online reporting tool in case of emergency always call 999.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
