```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The message the force is sharing during this week\_of action\_is"
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2019
title: Week of action supports victims of sexual abuse and violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/itsnotok-sexual-violence-feb2019
```

**We are supporting "Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Awareness Week" \- ****the UK 's national week to raise awareness of sexual abuse and violence, and to provide an opportunity for organisations and individuals to engage in dialogue.**

The message the force is sharing during this week of action is 'it's not OK' - that all forms of sexual abuse or violence are unacceptable, and victims and survivors do not have to tolerate it.

This is an all-inclusive national campaign, underpinned by several leading charities working in the field, to support anyone who has experienced sexual abuse or violence, regardless of their ethnicity, gender, identity, age, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or religion.

Victims will be signposted to organisations offering help and assistance tailored to their circumstances.

The campaign is also backed by a major national social media campaign, which people can join on Facebook or Twitter. #itsnotok

Our Emerald team is a specialist unit that investigates sexual offences, rape and domestic abuse.

Detective Chief Inspector Jackie Dadd, speaking about sexually motivated crime, said: "This is one of the worst crimes that can happen to an individual and one that can present challenges in terms of securing convictions.

"If you are a victim of sexual abuse or violence, however recent, or even if it happened long ago, we can help.

"We will fully investigate all reports made and, along with our partners, provide victims with appropriate specialist support."

For more information on Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Awareness Week, visit the It's not OK website

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and its partner agencies, including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports can be made to police on 101, or via our online reporting tool.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing _info@emeraldcentre.org_ or calling 01234 897052.

Always call 999 in an emergency.
