```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire\u2019s three Neighbourhood Watch groups have teamed up with Bedfordshire Police in a new video."
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2017
title: "Neighbourhood Watch join force\u2019s winter advice campaign"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/neighbourhood-watch-winter-advice
```

Bedfordshire's three Neighbourhood Watch groups have teamed up with Bedfordshire Police in a new video.

John Fullarton, Chair of Luton Neighbourhood Watch, Hazel Snowball, Chair of Bedford and District Neighbourhood Watch and Ray Milsted, Chair of Central Bedfordshire Neighbourhood Watch feature in the short video, offering advice to the public about how to reduce their chances of becoming a victim of crime this winter.

Bedfordshire Police has a dedicated response to burglary, called Operation Fidelity. Officers are continuing to work to identify long-term crime hotspots, short-term spikes and key offending patterns, as well as investigating offences and carrying out disruptive tactics against known burglars.

Detective Chief Inspector Duncan Young, who leads Operation Fidelity, said: "As we head into the winter months the days are getting shorter, and burglars may take advantage of the shorter daylight hours. The force remains committed to clamping down on burglary offenders and reducing offending, but we're also urging members of the public to follow our advice to help reduce their chances of becoming a victim of crime.

"There are several thousand residents in Bedfordshire who are part of Neighbourhood Watch, all working to build safer communities. Their work and contribution is incredibly valuable and we're grateful for their support throughout the year, but especially for helping us share these important messages this winter."

Neighbourhood Watch is a community-led initiative supported by the police. It aims to reduce the opportunity for crime and improve community safety by the reporting of suspicious incidents to the police and to each other.

Watch the video on the Bedfordshire Police YouTube page. You can see more advice from the force by following #WinterWise on Twitter.

Research has shown that areas where Neighbourhood Watch is operating are less likely to be targeted by burglars. To find out how to join your local Neighbourhood Watch group, visit www.ourwatch.org.uk.
