```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Family Fun Day held on Sunday 1 September 2019 was a success with nearly 15,000 people attending
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police Family Fun Day a huge success
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-fun-day-sept19
```

Yesterday (Sunday), Bedfordshire Police successfully held its fifth annual family fun day.

The sun was shining as the force welcomed almost 15,000 people to this year's event which was held at Bedfordshire Police Headquarters in Kempston. The event was opened by PC Dave Wardell and retired police dog Finn.

People had the chance to see displays from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit, and a visit from the police helicopter from colleagues at the National Police Air Service (NPAS).

There were plenty of interactive activities for all to try their hand at, including a Bikeability 'unrideable bike' challenge, a 'crime scene' to investigate and a chance to meet officers from 24 Hours in Police Custody.

There were also opportunities to meet and greet Chase from Paw Patrol and a dance off between community dance group, UFM vs officers and staff.

A range of fundraising events were held during the day and a huge amount was raised for Embrace CVOC, a charity which supports children who are victims of crime.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "The Family Fun Day was an amazing day and I want to express a huge thank you to everybody who contributed and everyone who came to support the event. It was great to see so many people enjoying themselves.

"We were very fortunate to have the day opened by Britain's Got Talent finalists PC Dave Wardell and Finn, the police dog that saved his life, and there were so many stalls showcasing what policing is all about and getting people involved in the important work that we do, including impressive displays from the dog unit and exciting landing from the police helicopter by our colleagues from NPAS. To top it off we raised a huge amount of money for our force charity Embrace CVOC supporting child victims of crime.

"These events are so important for the force to build relationships with our local communities, we loved meeting you all and we hope to see you at next year's event."
