```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The work was carried out by the Luton community policing team across two separate incidents
publish:
  date: 2 May 2020
title: Four arrested and weapons seized in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-weapons-luton-may20
```

**Luton's community policing team has arrested four people as well as seizing a number of bladed weapons and a CS spray during two separate incidents.**

In one incident two men in a car were found in possession of knives, while in another incident community officers recovered swords and a knife from teenagers attempting to board a train.

PC Thomas Phelan, from the Luton community policing team, said: "We're committed to keeping Bedfordshire safe and our proactive policing is continuing during lockdown.

"A number of dangerous knives have been removed from circulation following these operations and we'll continue to crackdown on anyone who seeks to cause harm within our local communities."

At approximately 2.30pm on Saturday (25 April) a car was pulled over by officers as part of a proactive policing stop in Dallow Road, Luton.

The vehicle and occupants were searched and two lock knives and CS spray were found.

Two men in their 30s from Luton were arrested on suspicion of possession of bladed articles and a section 5 firearm.

One of the men was also arrested for driving without licence or insurance, while the other man was also arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs.

They have been released under investigation pending further police enquiries.

In an unrelated incident on Monday (27 April), police were called at around 2.30pm to Luton train station, following a report of suspicious behaviour by four teenage boys.

The boys were attempting to board a train to Bedford and, when stopped and searched, one 15-year-old was found to be in possession of a knife, and another 15-year-old had two Samurai-style swords.

Both teenagers were arrested and bailed with conditions until June.
