```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A football team from Bedfordshire reached the semi-finals of a community football competition to engage young people with the police and other groups trying to combat crime.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Football tournament helps bring police and the community closer together
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/football-tournament-helps-bring-police-and-the-community-closer-together
```

### A football team from Bedfordshire reached the semi-finals of a community football competition to engage young people with the police and other groups trying to combat crime.

Our force entered two teams into the Kickoff@3 tournament this weekend, working alongside the Luton Football Club Community Trust and Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU).

Kickoff@3 is an idea which originated in London to bring the police and young people together through the power of sport.

Twelve teams from across the country took part in Sunday's event, with one of the Luton teams reaching the semi-finals.

Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Joint Protective Services Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire, the national lead for serious youth violence, said: "This is such a fantastic initiative to build relationships and trust between police, young people and communities.

"It shows how sport can make such a difference in young people's lives. Bedfordshire Police remain committed to Kickoff@3 and I am really grateful to everyone involved in last weekend's final."

Officers from the force's community cohesion team and Kimberley Lamb, head of the VERU, joined the teams for the event in Hayes, alongside coaches from the community trust.

Kickoff@3 is just one of a number of sporting and other activities backed by Bedfordshire Police and the VERU to engage with young people.

Mrs Lamb, head of the VERU, said: "This was a brilliant day working with some truly inspiring community leaders and young people.

"Everybody came together as a united team and did Luton proud.

"If we can help create projects and programmes that inspire and engage with young people, I have no doubt that will help reduce violence and exploitation in our communities."

Earlier this month PCSOs from the force's community cohesion and Luton community policing teams played a football match against a team of teenagers working with Luton Football Club Community Trust.

The VERU has meanwhile invested more than £150,000 in community projects across the county to work with young people.

This includes basketball, boxing and football projects, as well as programmes to give young people practical skills like barbering and entrepreneurship.

The VERU is run by Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway, whose office has also funded further projects to tackle knife crime in schools.

The commissioner is also currently accepting bids for projects which can help with drug and alcohol dependency, as well as further projects which can support the VERU's aim to tackle violence and criminal exploitation.

More information about the VERU is available on their website.
