```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are supporting a national drive to reduce the number of unwanted firearms and ammunition in the county, to stop criminal hands getting hold of them.
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2019
title: Bedfordshire supports the national firearms surrender
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-firearms-surrender-july2019
```

**During a two-week campaign to reduce the number of unwanted firearms and ammunition in the county, members of the public are encouraged to surrender any unlicensed firearms and ammunition to the police by calling 101.**

The campaign will run between Saturday (20 July) and Sunday 4 August and anyone handing over firearms during the campaign will not face prosecution for possession of a weapon at the point of surrender. They can also remain anonymous if preferred.

However, any surrendered weapons found to be linked to criminal activity will be investigated and appropriate action taken.

The campaign is also an opportunity for members of the public to call 101 and find out how they can apply for certification in order to own a firearm legally.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "Last year, we were able to jail two men, for life and 20 years respectively, who were responsible for importing and modifying dozens of blank handguns and blank ammunition to make them live. This case shows what can happen if weapons, even if they are blank, fall into the wrong hands. Therefore it's really important that people surrender unwanted firearms and ammunition so they can't be used to cause harm to others.

"We are pleased to support this campaign, and I hope it encourages people to surrender unwanted firearms that they don't know what to do with. However, to those who use firearms to threaten or cause harm to our communities, I'd like to send a strong message that our Boson team, dedicated to tackling gun and gang activity, will continue to pursue you and bring you to justice."

The national firearms surrender campaign is being coordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS).

If you suspect anyone is involved with illegal firearms please call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Advice and support for young people is also available through Fearless.
