```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: At around 3.10am yesterday (Wednesday) a family was disturbed by four men who broke in through the back door of their property in Thresher Close, Luton.
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Witness appeal following Luton aggravated burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-aggravated-burglary-dec20
```

**We are appealing for witnesses to an aggravated burglary where a family was threatened by a group of men armed with a machete.**

At around 3.10am yesterday (Wednesday) a family was disturbed by four men who broke in through the back door of their property in Thresher Close, Luton.

One of the offenders stayed by the door while the remaining three threatened the family with the weapon.

One of the victims managed to call the police, which made the intruders run away from the scene empty handed.

The three suspects are described as follows:

 * The first was approximately 30 years old, skinny and six feet tall;
 * The second offender is described as stocky and around 35 years old;
 * The third offender is described as in his 30s, stocky and approximately 5'6'.

All four offenders were wearing all black clothing and black balaclavas. One of the offenders was carrying a machete.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, who is investigating the break-in, said: "I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed anything suspicious to come forward.

"I would also urge people in the area to check any CCTV cameras they may have in the surrounding area at this time.

"The offenders are believed to have made off from Thresher Close in the direction of St Kilda Road. The offenders may have got into a vehicle here, and I would like to hear from anybody who may have seen a vehicle used by these men.

"We understand that these sorts of incidents can be extremely upsetting to local communities. The area was searched with support from our police dog unit, but unfortunately the offenders were not located.

"We are carrying out reassurance patrols in the area and residents can expect a heightened police presence. Anyone with any concerns about the incident or home security is welcome to speak to one of our officers or visit our force's crime prevention advice website."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact DC Jason Wheeler by visiting our online reporting centre or by calling 101, quoting reference number 40/70066/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.

If you wish to get advice on crime and burglary prevention visit our website where you can find practical tips and a home security checklist.
