```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 35-year-old woman has been sentenced after encouraging a teenage boy from Bedfordshire to take part in sexual acts online.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2019
title: Woman sentenced after online activity with teenager
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/amy-thomas-sentenced-march2019
```

**A 35-year-old woman has been** **sentenced** **after encouraging a teenage boy from Bedfordshire to take part in sexual acts online.**

Amy Thomas, from Bridgnorth in Shropshire, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court yesterday (12 March) to a 30 hour rehabilitation course and 80 hours unpaid community service. She has also been placed on the Sex Offenders Register for five years.

In July 2017, when Thomas was 33, she encouraged the then 15-year-old to engage in sexual activity as they spoke, knowing he was 15 at the time. The victim told his mother, who reported it to police.

Detective Constable Barry Townson said: "I'd like to praise the victim for coming forward and enabling us to take action against Thomas. Despite knowing he was 15 at the time and still a child, she actively encouraged him to take part in sexual acts, presumably for her own sexual gratification.

"I would encourage parents to have conversations with their children about how to stay safe online, and what is and isn't appropriate to share. We will continue to take action against people who take advantage of children online, and would encourage anyone who has any concerns to come forward."

For more advice, visit the NSPCC Share Aware website.

If you have any concerns about the possible sexual abuse of children, please call police immediately on 101, or 999 if someone is at immediate risk of harm.
