```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A former senior Bedfordshire Police officer whose family has served the force for around 100 years has been recognised with a Chief Constable Commendation.
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2020
title: Volunteer awarded Chief Commendation for outstanding century of service
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/volunteer-awarded-commendation-sep20
```

**A former senior Bedfordshire Police officer whose family has served the force for around 100 years has been recognised with a Chief Constable Commendation.**

Roger Wood joined the force in 1957 and rose to the rank of Detective Superintendent. He retired in 1990 and came back as a volunteer to set up Bedfordshire Police's force museum alongside another retired colleague.

The museum attracts a number of visitors each year and holds a lot of information on the organisation's history, which Mr Wood and his colleagues continue to preserve.

His grandfather also served in the force, meaning that Mr Wood and his family have served Bedfordshire Police for approximately 100 years.

He has also been a strong supporter of welfare issues within the (National Association for Retired Police Officers (NARPO) and has done so for many years.

Yesterday (Tuesday) Mr Wood was presented with a very deserving Chief Constable Commendation by Bedfordshire Police Chief Constable Garry Forsyth.

"This is an incredible achievement for Roger and I would like to say a huge thank you to him for his commitment to our force," said Mr Forsyth.

"Our volunteers are extremely important to us. Roger and his colleagues have done a fantastic job of preserving the history of Bedfordshire Police.

"He should be very proud of his achievements over the years"

For more information or to book an appointment to visit the force's museum, please visit the force's website.
