```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Victim of child abuse contacted police when he saw his abuser in an episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2019
title: 24 Hours in Police Custody episode leads to a second conviction for child sex abuser
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/childabuser-conviction-24hours-july2019
```

**A man convicted of indecently assaulting a young boy three years ago is facing more jail time after a second victim came forward when he recognised his abuser in an episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody.**

Bruce Davison, 80, from Lidlington, is serving six years behind bars after pleading guilty to two counts of indecent assault in October 2016 towards a young boy over a number of years in the 1970s.

After a six-day trial at Luton Crown Court, Davison has today (Monday) been found guilty of a further count of indecent assault towards a teenage boy, which happened in the 1990s.

The original case from 2016 was featured in the fifth series of 24 Hours in Police Custody, broadcast in June 2017, which led to the second victim recognising Davison, and disclosing to police that he had also abused him when he was a teenager.

The abuse started in the mid-1990s when the victim was around 13-years-old and had a Saturday job in Luton where Davison worked. At first, Davison would engage him in conversations that had a sexual connotation, and which soon escalated into inappropriate touching and indecent assault.

More than 20 years later, the victim, who is now in his 30s, came across Davison in the episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody, after walking into his father's house whilst he was watching it. The father had recognised Davison as his son's former boss and the victim disclosed that he had been abused by Davison too. His father encouraged him to contact the police and report it.

Detective Constable Sharon Ellis, from the Child and Vulnerable Adult Abuse team, who investigated both cases, said: "I am pleased that we managed to get justice for a second person who has been the subject of Davison's abuse.

"I applaud the victim for being brave enough to come forward and share such horrific details of what happened to him. I know how hard this has been for him and how the abuse has affected him growing up and into his adult life.

"If it hadn't been for that 24 Hours in Police Custody episode, the victim may never have had the courage to approach police and make a complaint. We also have to praise the bravery of the original victim in coming forward and participating anonymously in the TV programme, as this indirectly led to the disclosure of the second victim. Furthermore, the first victim also attended court to give additional evidence to support the current case and see Davison spend further time in jail.

"As both these cases show, it is never too late to come forward and tell police if you have been the victim of sexual abuse, no matter how long ago it was. You will be listened to, you will be supported, and we will endeavour to do all we can to seek justice for you."

Davison will be sentenced on 8 August.

Concerns around child sexual abuse can be reported by calling police on 101.

The NSPCC website has help and advice about non-recent abuse, and the NAPAC website also offers support to adult survivors of child abuse.
