```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Four people have been arrested and more than \xA32,000 in cash seized after an operation targeting a suspected Luton drugs gang."
publish:
  date: 4 May 2020
title: Four arrests and cash seized in drugs warrants
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-successful-warrant-may20
```

Four people have been arrested and more than £2,000 in cash seized after an operation targeting a suspected Luton drugs gang.

We carried out warrants at two addresses in the Biscot area of Luton this morning (Monday).

One man in his 20s and three teenage men have subsequently been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug.

As well as more than £2,000 in cash, officers also recovered more than 20 bags of suspected cannabis as well as a number of other items associated with drug dealing.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn, from the force's Central Intelligence Bureau, said: "This operation continues our disruption of suspected drugs gangs we believe are operating in this area.

"Drugs gangs blight our communities with violence and anti-social behaviour, exploiting vulnerable people in order to line their own pockets.

"Bedfordshire Police as well as our colleagues in the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit have made significant strides recently in our bid to combat organised crime.

"Operations such as these will continue to happen as we relentlessly disrupt those we suspect of being involved."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gangs can contact police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help officers build up a picture of organised crime.

Anyone looking for help or support to leave a gang can contact the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit via bedsveru.org
