```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A teenage boy has been charged with breaching a partial closure order on an entire block of flats.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Teenager charged after breaching partial closure order on high rise flat in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-after-breaching-partial-closure-order-on-high-rise-flat-in-bedford
```

### A teenage boy has been charged with breaching a partial closure order on an entire block of flats.

At the end of July, our community policing team secured a partial closure order on the entire block of flats at Chandos Court, Bedford, meaning that only residents, immediate family and support workers can enter. Amid continued patrols by police and members of housing association staff stationed at the property, together with CCTV supplied by Bedford Borough Council, a 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of breaching the partial closure order. He has subsequently been charged. Yesterday (Wednesday), Luton Magistrates' Court granted a full closure order on another address in Chandos Court, as part of the ongoing major multi-agency operation to tackle drug crime and criminal exploitation, and drive out criminality for the longer term. Our officers continue to work closely with housing association bpha and Bedford Borough Council to ensure the safety of residents and resolve local community concerns. Inspector Samantha Hunt, from our community policing team, said: "We have been working with our partners for months on this ongoing operation, and will continue to do so in order to create long term solutions to drive out crime and protect the vulnerable in our society. "We take reports of these issues very seriously and know the damaging impact drugs and anti-social behaviour can have on our communities, so please continue to report any issues to us. "Our investigation into these issues continues, and we remain committed to stamping out organised crime and exploitation in our community."

Kevin Bolt, bpha's chief executive, said: "These actions demonstrate our ongoing commitment to working with our partners on a long-term plan to reduce anti-social behaviour, and to making these homes a better place to live for our residents.

"We hope the message is clear that such behaviour in our properties won't be tolerated and that we will carry on working in this joined-up way to ensure progress continues to be made."

Cllr Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety at Bedford Borough Council, said: "Our work goes beyond just the closure orders; we are continuing to work closely with Bedfordshire Police and bpha to tackle the exploitation of vulnerable people. "By working with partners, we are bringing together knowledge and experience to keep people and communities safe."

You can report concerns around drug activity and wider anti-social behaviour via the online reporting tool on our website. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

The boy has been released on bail and is due to appear at Luton Youth Court on 22 September.
