```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Three men in a silver Ford Focus approached a woman in her car in Aspects Lesiure Park, Bedford and another woman in Foxglove Drive, Biggleswade.
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2019
title: Police appeal for witnesses in relation to a robbery and attempted robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-appeal-dec19
```

**We are appealing for information following a robbery in Biggleswade and attempted robbery in Bedford, which we believe are linked.**

At around 6pm yesterday (Monday), a woman had parked her vehicle in the car park in Aspects Leisure Park in Newham Avenue, Bedford, when a silver Ford Focus pulled up next to her.

Three men with their faces covered got out and demanded she handed over her car keys. Two of the men carried weapons - a crowbar and a knife. When the victim shouted for help, they got back into their vehicle and headed off in the direction of Longholme Way.

Around 45 minutes later, a woman was driving in Foxglove Drive, Biggleswade, when her car was shunted from behind by a silver Ford Focus, causing her to stop.

When she got out to speak to the driver, two men approached her with a crowbar, stole her purse and attempted to drive off in her vehicle.

Detective Sergeant Rachael Foy from the Crime Investigation Team, said: "These were two targeted attacks that took place in the early evening. We are appealing for anyone who has any information about these events or the people involved to come forward as this could be vital to our investigation.

"We believe these two incidents are linked due to the description of vehicle and that three men were involved and we are determined to find out who they are. Both these woman were subjected to a terrifying ordeal and luckily neither of them were hurt, but they were left very shaken.

"It is likely that the number plates on the Ford Focus are false but we would like to hear from anyone who saw anything to let us know."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact us on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report quoting reference 40/74991/19 for the incident in Bedford and 40/74985/19 for the incident in Biggleswade.

You can also report information via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
