```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Volunteers from across Bedfordshire Police have been recognised for their hard work, achievements and special contribution to the force.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police celebrates incredible volunteers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/volunteers-awards-june19
```

**Volunteers from across Bedfordshire Police have been recognised for their hard work, achievements and special contribution to the force.**

Members of the Watch schemes, Special Constabulary, cadets and police support volunteers were recognised at an awards ceremony at Venue 360 in Luton on Thursday (13 June).

More than 150 people including volunteers, their family and friends attended the event, which was organised by the force's Citizens in Policing Unit.

Volunteers make a contribution worth more than £500,000 every year to Bedfordshire Police.

Last year members of the Special Constabulary contributed 46,385 hours to the force, while cadets volunteered for more than 2,000 hours.

As well as the five main award winners, a video was also played at the end of the evening celebrating the contribution of volunteers across the force.

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher also praised the work of Bedfordshire Police's volunteers to round off the evening.

He said: "These award ceremonies are really important. They are an opportunity to reward our volunteers for the outstanding work that they do day in day out, and for giving up their own time to support local communities and Bedfordshire Police.

"I would like to give thanks to all the families, friends and colleagues for their support in helping Bedfordshire Police protect the public, and to all those who helped to organise this important and special event."

Wendy Bird, head of our Citizens in Policing Unit, said: ''I am so proud to present our first Volunteers Appreciation evening. Being a volunteer myself, I know how rewarding it can be and the value that it provides to our force.

''I just want to say how grateful I am to everyone for all of their support, whether they were able to make Thursday's event or not.''

Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway said: "The work that the volunteers of Bedfordshire Police do is absolutely at the foundation of our core business.

"Without them the service that we offer to the people of Bedfordshire could not be of the immense quality that it is.

"The celebration evening for our strong cohort of volunteers was very much the force's way of saying thank you and I would echo that thank you to each and every one who dedicates their time, energy and commitment to Bedfordshire Police"

**Award winners**

**Simon Greenland (Special Constable Award)**

Simon has given a huge amount of time to the force during his 15 years as a Special Constable. Taking into account only the last 10 years of volunteering, Simon has completed a total of 12,405 hours. This equates to an average of 1,240.5 hours per year, an average of 103.38 hours a month or an average of 3.4 hours a day continually for 10 years.

Simon has established himself as a role model to many, always considering the needs of others and the needs of the organisation before his own. Having climbed through the ranks of the Special Constabulary, he has acted with integrity and dignity and is rightly considered a truly valuable asset to Bedfordshire Police.

**Shabbar Raja (Cadet Award)**

Shabbar Raja is a second year cadet and is an excellent ambassador for Bedfordshire Police. As a cadet he supports those around him, assisting them in attaining achievements and encouraging them to come out of their shells and embrace the experiences being in the cadets brings.

He has volunteered for an impressive amount of hours on various crime prevention initiatives, assisted in test-purchasing operations, as well as assisting with various community events such as remembrance services, charity events and cultural festivals. He puts himself forward for a variety of duties including some of the more mundane car park marshalling and barrier duties. In his second year alone, Shabbar has dedicated 123 hours as a cadet and has many more upcoming duties planned.

He was part of a team of cadets who slept outside for the night at Police Headquarters to raise awareness of homelessness and raised more than £2,000 for local charities. Shabbar also took part in a Christmas shoebox appeal, collecting useful items that were given to Prebend Day Centre.

**Sean Duggan (Police Support Volunteer Award)**

Sean become part of the Bedfordshire Police family when he joined as a cadet in 2005. After two successful years as a cadet Sean made the decision to continue volunteering with the cadet programme; 12 years later, he is now our longest serving volunteer with the cadet programme and a highly valued member of the team.

On average, Sean volunteers for 15 hours a month but often gives up more of his time to help the cadets. He attends every week and helps with everything from delivering training and setting up the lecture theatre through to sorting out IT problems.

**Amanda Cawthorn (Watch Scheme Award)**

Amanda Cawthorn leads the Biggleswade Community Safety Group and is responsible for operating a whole range of watch schemes in Biggleswade and the surrounding area - Street Watch, Speed Watch, Neighbourhood Watch and Biggleswade Business Watch. Dog Watch and a Stay Safe scheme are also being planned to launch over the coming weeks and months.

They have assisted Bedfordshire Police with a large number of events and operations. This includes things like tackling anti-social behaviour, bike marking events and parades, as well as helping the fire brigade with a large fire. They have also run their own campaigns targeting certain crime types in different areas across the town.

The fact that Amanda and her group have achieved all of the above is quite simply remarkable as this came to pass during an extended period when Bedfordshire Police were unable to provide them with any liaison support.

**John Waller (Watch Scheme Award)**

During the past year John has been responsible for running Caddington Watch which encompasses Streetwatch, Speedwatch and Neighbourhood Watch. Not only has John been successful in getting the majority of homes signed up to Neighbourhood Watch and Beds Alert, he has also carried out several hundreds of hours of patrols within Streetwatch and carrying out Speedwatch activity.

Some of the most successful projects have included solving school parking in the village and collecting data to encourage the council to invest in traffic calming measures. John is also responsible for assisting and circulating the monthly crime reports to every watch group and all local councils across Central Bedfordshire.
