```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police seized vehicles and drugs, and uncovered 24 traffic offences during a weekend of action.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2018
title: Force cracks down on vehicle crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crack-down-vehicle-crime
```

**Bedfordshire Police seized vehicles and drugs, and uncovered 24 traffic offences during a weekend of action.**

The Operation Sentinel Rural team, supported by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, ran Operation Torby on Saturday 13 and Sunday 14 January across central Bedfordshire to tackle vehicle offences.

Vehicles were seized for drivers not having insurance and the traffic offences uncovered included disqualified driving, driving without insurance, mobile phone usage, and not wearing a seat belt.

One person was also arrested for drug driving and possession of cannabis. A large quantity of cannabis was also seized and 16 intelligence reports were submitted, and two drivers were referred to the Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme where they are given 14 days to rectify minor defects to the vehicles.

Sergeant Clare Thomas, who lead the operation, said: "This weekend was a great success. It's the 12th Operation Torby we've carried out in the last year. This proactive action continues to bring positive results and in total we've now seized nearly 100 vehicles and uncovered more than 200 traffic offences.

"Using a phone behind a wheel and not wearing a seatbelt are both in the top four causes of death on the road, alongside speeding and drug and drink driving. This kind of behaviour is unacceptable and puts the driver's and other people's lives at risk. We take these offences seriously and will take action against anyone breaking the rules of the road."

If you wish to report vehicle crime call Bedfordshire Police on 101. In the case of an emergency or if a crime is in progress, always call 999. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
