```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Claire Ackerman du Preez was selected to represent the Eastern Region at the British Dressage Senior Home International team competition.
publish:
  date: 13 Sep 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police Chief Inspector success at England Dressage selection
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dressage-competition-win-sept18
```

**Chief Inspector Claire Ackerman du Preez, our lead for response policing, was selected to represent England for the Eastern Region at the British Dressage Senior Home International team competition, held at Bishops Burton Equestrian Centre in East Yorkshire on 1 and 2 September.**

Chief Inspector Ackerman du Preez was selected for the team, with her horse Woodcroft Heinrich, also known as Henri, after obtaining high scores across a number of competitions over the summer.

The Home International consists of three days of competition, with top riders and teams travelling with their horses from all across England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales, to compete at dressage from preliminary level to Prix St. Georges. The competition comprises combinations for both individual and team placings. Claire's team was placed seventh out of 30 teams, and she also achieved a top ten placing in the individual section for her class (Advanced Medium/PSG), out of 37 starters, which was a huge achievement. The Eastern Region team won the competition overall, and brought home a trophy this summer.

Claire regularly trains with top international Danish rider, Ulrik Molgaard based in Gloucestershire, and who is likely to be selected for the next Olympics. Claire's horse, Henri, is a 13-year-old Hanoverian gelding, who stands at 16.1 hh (hands). Claire has had him since he was four years old, and has trained him herself.

Claire said: "It's been challenging to do all the training and be able to get to competitions with Henri around my job, which can be very demanding.

"It's meant lots of early mornings and late nights, schooling in all weathers, but all the hard work seems to have paid off. We were honoured to be selected for the team, and it was a fantastic weekend.

"It's really important to me that I have an interest outside work that helps to deal with all the pressures of modern day policing. I'm very lucky as I have the support of my partner, friends, family and work colleagues."

Claire and her horse are training at advanced level and hope one day to make it to the Grand Prix.
