```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s been a busy seven days for the North Bedfordshire Community Policing team as officers have been tackling ongoing community issues in local hotspot areas."
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2018
title: A busy seven days for North Bedfordshire Community Policing team
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/busy-time-north-communitysept18
```

**It 's been a busy seven days for the North Bedfordshire Community Policing team as officers have been tackling ongoing community issues in local hotspot areas. **

Last Friday (14 September) officers were out on patrol as part of Operation Blackwall, which was recently launched to provide high visibility policing in particular areas in relation to existing and emerging issues.

Throughout the evening, the team covered areas of Bedford, Biggleswade, Potton and Flitwick and as a result, four dispersals were issued to those causing disorder, one person was arrested, a cannabis warning was issued, an uninsured driver was taken off the road and eight people were stopped and searched for drugs. There have also been community officers out on patrol and providing reassurance following the death of Cemeren Yilmaz, 16, in Ashmead Road, Bedford on Sunday night.

As well as patrols in the area, officers have collected a number of intelligence reports and conducted around 20 stop and searches.

The team then carried out Operation Highgate on Wednesday, which focuses on tackling street drinking, homelessness and begging in Bedford town centre.

The day of action resulted in the team receiving 15 intelligence reports, carrying out four arrests and seven stop and searches, and issuing one penalty notice for disorder (PND), three community protection notices (CPN) and one cannabis warning.

Inspector Paul Ayling said: "We have had a very busy week and these operations have been a success.

"We are focusing on hotspot areas and the feedback we have received from the community, so we are making the issues that they tell us about a priority.

"By patrolling certain areas regularly we are also reassuring the community that something is being done, as well as reprimanding these offenders."

To find out more about the work the team carries out, follow @NorthBedsPolice on Twitter.

North Beds Police
