```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are investigating a robbery in Stockwood Park last Friday (29 March) and we are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Luton robbery appeal
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-appeal-stockwood-april19
```

**We are investigating a robbery in Stockwood Park last Friday (29 March) and we are appealing for witnesses.**

At approximately 1.30pm a man was walking by the car park of Stockwood Park on the side of Farley Hill, Luton when he was approached by two offenders.

One of the offenders demanded the victim to hand over his blue rucksack and then punched him. The offenders have taken the bag and run off towards Farley Hill.

The first offender is described as mixed race, in his late teens, approximately six foot tall and slim. He was seen wearing an olive green tracksuit; hooded top and matching jogging bottoms, blue trainers and a black man bag.

The second offender is described as in his late teens, white, slim approximately 5'9'', with short cropped brown hair. At the time of the offence he was seen wearing a black hooded jacket and blue baggy jeans with white trainers.

Detective Constable Mandy Godfree, who is investigating this robbery, said: "This was a brazen robbery in a middle of the day and we are keen to speak to any witnesses. If you have seen anyone matching the description of the offenders in the area at the time, please get in touch."

If you have any information about this incident please contact DC Godfree on 101 or visit our online reporting centre and quote reference number 40/18174/19. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
