```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to a serious collision on Bedford Road at the junction with Austin Canons.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2019
title: Did you see collision in Kempston last evening?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/collision-kempston-motorcycle-jan2019
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following a serious collision involving a car and a motorcycle in Kempston yesterday evening (Thursday). **

Emergency services attended the scene, at the junction of Bedford Road and Austin Canons, shortly after 6pm. One man, thought to be the motorcycle pillion passenger, was taken to Bedford Hospital with serious injuries, where he remains.

Another man, believed to be the driver of the black Honda motorcycle, fled the scene on foot. The driver of the car, a white Hyundai, and a passenger were unhurt.

Sergeant Steve Andrews, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "We are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed this collision, who saw the vehicles involved prior to the incident, or who noticed anyone making away from the scene.

"We would particularly welcome dash camera footage from drivers who were in the area at that time and may have captured the incident or the events leading up to the collision.

"We continue to investigate and are following a number of lines of enquiry in an effort to piece together the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to call us on 101, or visit our online reporting centre and quote Operation Blakey.

Alternatively you call contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
