```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: As lockdown restrictions ease further, Luton Town Football Club and public services in Bedfordshire are asking people in the county to continue to enjoy the return of the football season from home.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: "Football fans urged to support matches at home on \u2018Super Saturday\u2019"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/football-fans-super-saturday-jul20
```

**As lockdown restrictions ease further, Luton Town Football Club and public services in Bedfordshire are asking people in the county to continue to enjoy the return of the football season from home.**

Dubbed 'Super Saturday', Luton Town will host their next home game against Reading at 3pm on Saturday (4 July), but the club are still urging Hatters fans to watch the game from home.

Luton Town fans' favourite, striker Harry Cornick, said: "It was strange not having supporters at our first home game against Preston, as our fans are literally our 12th man with the backing they give us.

"We miss them singing our songs and enjoying the whole matchday experience, but we all know that it has to be done for the safety of everyone at the moment.

"We see the pictures and videos of the Hatters at Home watching the game on iFollow and all receive messages, so we know everyone is right with us.

"What they've done in ordering the cardboard cut-outs and fan groups raising funds so that those who have sadly passed away can be back in the Kenny with their pictures is amazing.

"They are brilliant to see when we look around the ground, so please keep supporting us in these ways for now and hopefully we can all be back together and pack Kenilworth Road out again soon."

Officers will be carrying out targeted patrols in key areas and will be on hand to engage, explain and encourage people to adhere to the government's guidelines, as well as helping protect the public from the risk of crime.

PC Steve Mason, from Bedfordshire Police's football unit, said: "The football community have been brilliant with supporting their teams from home as games remain behind closed doors.

"As things start to slowly return to normality, it is important that the public continue to stay alert to the virus and don't gather in groups.

"Please do not visit the grounds on match days as you will not be allowed in and players will already be inside the venue. Whoever you support and whatever matches you're following this week, stay safe."

From this weekend, many businesses and venues including pubs, bars and restaurants will be permitted to reopen, providing they follow Covid-19 government guidelines.

Some pubs will not be in a position to reopen on Saturday and for the ones that can, the experience they will be able to offer may be very different to what people remember.

Bedfordshire Police work closely with partners like Pubwatch and Luton Safe to promote safety and working in partnership with pubs and licensed venues across Bedfordshire.

Mark Judd from Pubwatch said: "We welcome customers back into pubs and hope they will understand that things will have changed substantially and as long as they understand, remain patient and be kind, I am sure that things will run smoothly."

Cherrie Bennett from Luton Safe added: "We look forward to bringing some normality back to the social landscape of the town in a safe and responsible way.

"It's all of our responsibility to try and stop the spread of Covid-19 and it's our responsibility to stay positive and provide the great services we always have done. It will be a different experience, but let us have a drink to it being a temporary one."

The infection rate in Bedfordshire remains one of the highest in the region and the public are being urged to behave sensibly now that restrictions are easing to avoid putting more pressure on policing, paramedics and the NHS.

Cllr Sian Timoney, Deputy Leader of Luton Council, said: "I want to thank all fans who have stayed at home to support LTFC since the season restarted and would ask that you all please continue to do the same while the Hatters fight to stay in the Championship over the next few weeks. They are unbeaten since the restart so let's not jinx anything now.

"I know it's not what people are used to but it's absolutely vital that we contain the spread of the virus which is still having a devastating impact on people up and down the country.

"While there is some easing of restrictions from this weekend, I need to remind people that in Luton we are still seeing some concerning infection rates compared to other parts of the country, so we are still asking everyone to stay at home as much as possible and stick to the 2-metre social distancing when you do go out."

_**Top tips on how to stay safe**_

**Stay home** - Staying home is the best way to protect yourself and loved ones from the virus. Saturday is expected to be very busy, with limited capacity and lots of new operational changes such as no live entertainment. Avoid crowds, enjoy the game at home and stay safe.

**If you are going out then it 's important to stay alert to the virus **- Ensure government guidance is at the forefront of your mind when you're out, including the number of people you have arranged to meet. Remember, the amount of alcohol you consume could affect your judgement and ability to stay alert to the virus, so please drink safely and sensibly. You should remain socially distanced at all times, bring your own masks and sanitisers and follow the venue's rules.

**Plan your day properly - **Ensure you know which venue you are going to and book a time slot in advance, where possible. Plan your transport to and from the location and please remember that wearing a face covering on public transport is now mandatory.

**Returning home - **When you come home it is important to reduce the risk of spreading the virus to your household by washing your hands immediately. Ensure your clothes are washed regularly to avoid the virus staying on fabrics.

Luton Town season ticket holders will be able to stream all home and away fixtures using iFollow. More details about how to watch the club's matches are available on the club's website.

For further advice and government guidance please visit https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/information-and-services/Advice/Coronavirus/Beds-covid19-faqs-4-July and https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus
