```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We carried out a warrant at an address in the Lewsey Farm area yesterday (Wednesday) and an 18-year-old man and two 17-year-old boys were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2020
title: Three arrests made after substantial amount of drugs seized at a house in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-seized-luton-aug20
```

**Three teenagers have been arrested after a large amount of drugs were seized at an address in Luton. **

A warrant was carried out at an address in the Lewsey Farm area yesterday (Wednesday) and an 18-year-old man and two 17-year-old boys were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. All three have been bailed.

Officers seized a significant amount of suspected Class A drugs, which had a street value of at least £7,000 in total.

The warrant followed police activity that took place on Tuesday (18 August) in same area in which officers seized a large amount of cannabis and suspected cocaine, as well as a homemade taser from a car.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh from Boson, the our specialist guns and gangs team, said: "This is a great result for our communities and continues a period of sustained activity targeting suspected organised criminal networks in Luton.

"Drugs cause significant harm within our communities, driving much of the serious violence, exploitation and antisocial behaviour which blights our residents.

"In a six-month period from February to July this year, Boson carried out 43 warrants, made 108 arrests and seized almost four kilograms of Class A and Class B drugs and around £67,800 in cash.

"We will continue to disrupt drug dealing and other gang activity and bring those behind these organised criminal enterprises to justice."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to report it via bedfordshire.police.uk/report or to contact us on 101.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help us get a better understanding of organised crime.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit bedsveru.org
