```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Today, on Safer Internet Day (6 February), we are reminding social media users of the risk of sharing intimate images online after receiving several recent reports of \u2018sextortion\u2019."
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2018
title: Police issue online safety advice around 'sextortion'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sextortion-advice-february2018
```

**Today, on Safer Internet Day (6 February), we are reminding social media users of the risk of sharing intimate images online after receiving several recent reports of 'sextortion'. **

So-called 'sextortion' involves victims being lured to perform sexual acts, or take intimate images, using their web-camera. Unbeknown to the victims, their acts are often recorded by the criminals who then use the images to blackmail them. The fraudsters may threaten to upload the content to the internet, and send it to the victim's friends or family, if they do not comply with their demands.

In the majority of cases, the motive is financially driven and victims may end up paying extortionate sums to the offender, who may be based in an entirely different country. A change in legislation in 2015 made the disclosure of private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress, commonly referred to as the sharing or posting of 'revenge porn' online, illegal.

Children and Young People Development Officer Richard Denton said: "We would advise anyone against sending intimate pictures or performing sexual acts online, as once in the cyber arena these cannot be completely retrieved.

"It is a criminal offence to possess or circulate indecent images of anyone under 18 years of age, and a large part of our work is educating young people to be away of the choices and consequences around this.

"It is also important to remember that you should never transfer money or give away personal information to people you've never physically met. Only accept friend requests on social media from people you know in real life, as if something seems too good to be true, sadly it probably is."

**Protect yourself from fraud online**

 * Not everyone online is who they say they are and it's easy for people to hide their real intentions, so only speak to people you know in real life.
 * Never transfer money or share bank details, PINs and passwords with people you don't know and trust.
 * If someone you are speaking to online makes you feel uncomfortable, or you witness any suspicious behaviour, contact police.
 * Think twice before you post online - once something has been shared in the digital world it is almost impossible to completely remove it. Often intimate images can be used as blackmail so never send anything you would not be comfortable sharing with a wider audience.
 * If you feel you have been a victim of fraud online, break off all contact, do not send any more money, report the fraudster to the website or chat room operator and call police on 101.
