```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging people to remain vigilant, following recent reports of burglaries targeting elderly and vulnerable people in the south of the county.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2018
title: Police urge vigilance following burglaries
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-reminder-luton-feb18
```

We are urging people to remain vigilant, following recent reports of burglaries targeting elderly and vulnerable people in the south of the county.

We are asking communities in the south of Bedfordshire, particularly around Luton, to report any suspicious activity in their neighbourhoods and share advice among people who may be more at risk.

Elderly and vulnerable people can often be the target of distraction burglaries, which can comprise unexpected knocks at the door from people pretending to be employees of water, electrical or gas companies, or offering services such as gardening.

In one incident in Chaul End Road, Caddington on 5 February an offender claimed to be from a water company and, after entering the victim's home, stole a quantity of cash. In a separate incident in Devon Road, Luton on 10 February a man's wallet was stolen in similar circumstances.

Sergeant Sebastian Greschner, from Bedfordshire Police's Luton Community team, said: "We always urge residents to remain vigilant to prevent burglaries in their neighbourhoods, and in particular to share information with those who could be targeted.

"Our team will be carrying our proactive patrols around Luton and the wider area as a part of Operation Vision, one of our initiatives aimed at tackling burglary. We would also appeal for anyone with information on any incidents, or who see anything suspicious, to get in touch. "

Please read some tips on how to keep your close ones and yourself protected against burglary:

**Distraction burglary advice:**

 * If you have an unexpected knock on the door, never open it to strangers, consider installing a door chain and always keep it on
 * If unsure of the visitor's identity always ask for their ID first and telephone the company they are purporting to be from, and use the telephone numbers listed in your local directory or provided independently by your service provider
 * Discuss any work you feel needs carrying out on your property with a relative or friend who can help you find a reputable trader
 * Check whether traders are members of the Consumer Codes Approval Scheme or the Government Trust Mark scheme
 * Don't agree to any work or sign anything on the spot. Do not be pressured into having any work carried out
