```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A woman who died in Luton just before the new year has been named.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2021
title: Woman who died in Luton is named
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-died-luton-named
```

### A woman who died in Luton just before the new year has been named.

Beata Fortuna, 53, of Chapel Street, Luton sadly died on 30 December after emergency services found her with a head injury at around 2am the day before on Chapel Street.

A post-mortem examination was carried out on 2 January and determined the woman's cause of death as a head injury.

Following her death, an investigation was launched by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, and is ongoing. Four people - two men in their 50s, a man in his 30s and a woman in her 50s - were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in connection to the incident.

A man in his 40's, was later arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death. All have since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with Ms Fortuna's family and friends at this extremely difficult time and we are hopeful that our investigation will provide answers for them.

"We are continuing to investigate and explore all possible options as to how the injury that led to her death occurred.

"If anyone has any information that you feel could assist us, please do get in touch."

Anyone with any information should call 101 or use our online reporting tool quoting Operation Network.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.

If you want to start a career in policing visit the join us section of our website
