```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: John Manning, 66, of Ashburnham Road, Bedford, and Mark Varney, 65, of Kendal Gardens, Linslade, were involved in a collision with a car in Bromham Road just after midday.
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2020
title: The victims of fatal Bedford collision are named
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-rtc-victims-nov20
```

**The two men who died in a road traffic collision in Bedford on Saturday (31 October) have been named**.

John Manning, 66, of Ashburnham Road, Bedford, and Mark Varney, 65, of Kendal Gardens, Linslade, were involved in a collision with a car in Bromham Road just after midday.

Emergency services attended, but unfortunately both men were pronounced dead at the scene.

A 32-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in connection with the incident and has since been released under investigation.

The families of the victims have paid tribute to their loved ones and have shared their thoughts with the other family involved.

In a statement, Mr Manning's family said: "Our wonderful dad was a charitable and big-hearted man. He was a loving father, uncle, brother and friend, but mostly a very proud and doting grandpa.

"Thank you to those who attended the scene for your kindness - it has brought a great comfort to our family."

Mr Varney's family have also released a statement and said: "As a family, we are truly devastated to have him ripped from us like this, so suddenly and so tragically. Mark was a much-loved father, son, brother, and was soon to be a grandfather.

"He was a kind and loving family man, who has been a huge support to his widowed mother in recent years and was so excited to meet his first grandchild in a few weeks' time."

Enquiries into the incident are ongoing and anyone with any information can visit our online reporting centre, or call us on 101 quoting Operation Stardust.

John Manning

Mark Varney
