```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Knives, drugs and cash have been seized after a police operation targeting a property suspected of being involved in organised crime.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: Luton address issued with three-month closure order
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-closure-sept20
```

**Knives, drugs and cash have been seized after a police operation targeting a property suspected of being involved in organised crime.**

The Luton community team carried out a successful warrant in Harcourt Street, Luton yesterday (Wednesday) over concerns it was being used for drug dealing.

During the search of the property weapons, including two large knives, were seized. The team also found drugs, cash and drug paraphernalia.

The property has been secured and a three-month partial closure order was granted at Luton Magistrates' Court today (24 September).

One person was arrested at the address and has since been released under investigation.

Sergeant Simon Betts, from the Luton community team, said: "We are satisfied with the closure order granted by the court.

"We won't tolerate drug related crimes, with the organised criminal networks involved in drugs supply driving much of the serious violence, exploitation and anti-social behaviour which blights our communities.

"We are working closely with our residents to identify locations used for drug dealing and other serious crime, and bring those responsible to justice."

If you have concerns about suspicious behaviour in your area please contact Bedfordshire Police online or by calling 101.

You can also report it anonymously through Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.
