```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A property which was linked to multiple reports of anti-social behaviour has now closed for three months.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Shefford property linked to anti-social behaviour closed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shefford-property-linked-to-anti-social-behaviour-closed
```

### A property which was linked to multiple reports of anti-social behaviour has now closed for three months.

The address in Shefford has been formally closed thanks to a court order secured by Bedfordshire Police this week.

The order issued by Luton Magistrates' Court prevents anyone from living at the property for three months.

Police worked with Central Bedfordshire Council and Grand Union Housing Group to gather evidence about anti-social behaviour and other crime emanating from the property.

The address has now been properly secured to prevent people from entering.

A/Inspector Louise Bates, from our Central community policing team which secured the order, said: "We know that neighbours living in the area have had a nightmare due to issues caused by those living at this address.

"People reporting issues to us or our partners should know that their concerns will be heard and we will act on them to stop anti-social and criminal behaviour.

"I really hope residents in this part of Shefford can feel a little safer and happier in their homes as a result of this court order.

"We won't hesitate to use similar tactics to improve the lives of people in neighbourhoods across Bedfordshire."

Councillor Ian Dalgarno, Central Bedfordshire Council Executive Member for Community Services, added: "Nuisance neighbours can have a detrimental effect on their neighbour's quality of life and wellbeing and this is unacceptable.

"This is a positive outcome, which has been secured by working in partnership with the police and housing association to tackle the anti-social behaviour.

"Residents can report antisocial behaviour to us online."

Aileen Evans, Group Chief Executive at Grand Union, said: "Our team has been working closely with Bedfordshire Police recently, as well as other agencies, to try and bring an end to anti-social behaviour in the area and bring a sense of peace to the community.

"One of Grand Union's goals is to build stronger communities, so we're delighted with the outcome of this action as it will have positive repercussions across the region.

"We're looking forward to continuing to work together with Bedfordshire Police to ensure that all of our customers throughout the region feel safe in their homes."

Anyone can report anti-social behaviour or other crime via Bedfordshire.police.uk/report.
