```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Concerned neighbour contacted police after hearing terrifying attack.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Victim tells of her relief as man is jailed for nine years for violent domestic assault
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/baterjames-domestic-jailed-nov2019
```

**A victim has spoken at court of her relief, as her former partner begins a nine-year jail term for attacking her last December.**

Carl Bater-James, 29, from London, was sentenced today (Thursday) at Luton Crown Court, to nine years for sexual assault by penetration. He was also handed a further nine months for actual bodily harm (ABH), 12 months for sexual assault, and 18 months for threats to kill, all to be served concurrently. He was given a further two months for assaulting a police officer to be served consecutively. He has also been placed on the sex offenders register.

Outside the court, a woman in her 20s, who ended her relationship with Bater-James after just five months together, said: "I am so relieved this is finally over. The violence began so fast; within a few short weeks after the start of our relationship. With hindsight, I should have got out when he first hit me, but I was brainwashed into thinking it was a one-off. It wasn't."

Bater-James was found guilty at trial in June of assault by penetration, sexual assault, actual bodily harm and threats to kill, after the terrifying incident just before Christmas, which prompted a neighbour to call the police.

He also pleaded guilty to assault on a police officer during an attempt to arrest him on 9 January.

At around 10pm on Thursday 20 December, whilst intoxicated through drink and drugs, Bater-James flouted bail conditions from a previous case to visit the Dunstable home of his ex-partner. During a heated confrontation he held a knife to her face while verbally abusing her. Bater-James turned increasingly more violent and started to attack the victim before digitally penetrating her against her will.

He also made threats to kill a man he believed the victim was involved with, before leaving the property armed with a knife. He returned just days later to continue his abuse, throwing stones at the windows.

Detective Inspector Craig Laws, of our Emerald team which investigates sexual offences, said: "This was a terrifying, unprovoked assault on a mother, late at night, with her three very young children present.

"Bater-James denied the offences, and made excuses for his presence at the property, but the wealth of evidence secured by officers meant he was charged and remanded, safeguarding the victim and her family.

"We are entirely satisfied that he will now be spending a lengthy period of time in prison for this brutal attack, and that we were able to support the victim appropriately following her ordeal, hopefully bringing her a sense of justice and closure."

The courageous victim went on to say: "If the same thing is happening to you, please, just get out. Help is available. Don't hope things will improve. They won't. Tell the police immediately.

"Thanks to support from my close family, Bedfordshire Police, and in particular the Emerald team, we're over the last hurdle here today at court. I'm now able to rebuild my life, and feel stronger than ever."

If you are a victim of domestic abuse, or are concerned for someone else, please call the police on 101. If a crime is in progress, or in if someone is in danger, always call 999.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

This case was brought to our attention by a concerned neighbour, and we urge the public to help victims speak out.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.

More information about domestic abuse is available.
