```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Christmas burglar jailed after breaking into Bedford family home
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: Christmas burglar jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/christmas-burglar-jailed
```

### A Bedford man has been sentenced to two-and-a-half years behind bars after stealing more than £11,000 worth of items from a family home over Christmas.

Michael Clark, 53, of Shakespeare Road, Bedford was found guilty of the break-in at a property in the same street in which he stole £11,400 worth of property.

On 30 December 2019, a woman came home to find her house had been broken into and ransacked for valuable goods.

The window pane to the side of the front door had been smashed and inside the house, drawers and wardrobes had been turned upside down in a messy search for items to steal.

The victim had left her properly locked and secure as she left her home on the evening of Christmas Day and returned back to the house on 30 December to find it had been broken into.

Police were called and forensics teams attended the scene. Blood was found on the frame of the front door that matched the DNA of Clark.

On Monday (20 July) at Luton Crown Court, Clark was handed a sentence of 30 months in prison.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from our Operation Maze team said: "Clark showed a complete lack of remorse for his actions and the effect that this invasion of privacy will have on our victim.

"I am glad he has been sentenced to time in prison and hope he uses this time to reflect on his actions and does not re-offend in the future. Such criminality will not be tolerated in Bedfordshire."

You can visit the website here for more crime prevention advice.
