```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: South Cambridge District Council are now offering employees an additional five days leave to help bolster the frontline as volunteer police officers.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: Council offers time off to volunteer as police officers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/time-off-volunteer-police-officers-mar20
```

South Cambridge District Council are now offering employees an additional five days leave to help bolster the frontline as volunteer police officers.

At an event on Thursday 20 February, Bedfordshire Police launched its Employer Supported Policing (ESP) scheme, where South Cambridge District Council signed up to support its employees to volunteer with either Bedfordshire Police or Cambridgeshire Constabulary.

ESP is a national initiative which enables employers to support staff who wish to become volunteer police officers, also known as special constables. It provides local businesses the opportunity to forge closer links with the local police force.

Wendy Bird, Citizens in Policing unit manager, said "The event was a huge success. We were able to reach and inspire more people to join the special constabulary.

"It's amazing that a large established organisation has committed to offering their employees more time off so they have an opportunity to give back to the community and gain so many valuable skills in return.

"We hope that further companies will follow suit and offer similar benefits so more people can volunteer as a special constable."

The ESP scheme asks businesses to offer employees more flexible working hours so they can better fulfil their volunteering duties with Bedfordshire Police.

Special constables are able to gain a wealth of transferrable skills that can't be bought on a course or learned in the typical day job. Some of the skills they gain include confidence, conflict management, team work and decision-making.

Shaun Nichols, Marketing Co-ordinator at PEM, a Cambridge-based accountants and business advisers, says: "My employer signed up to ESP to support a wider corporate social responsibility push. It benefits employees, the local community and builds the relationship between the company and the public.

"I joined to be a special constable because it is a complete contrast to my day job. I have a very office based role but when I'm a special constable I can get out into the community, deal with unusual situations and speak to different people.

"It has not only given me confidence and new skills to bring into my current role, but it can also show my employer I have a level of professionalism that being a police officer brings."

If your business would like to build a relationship with Bedfordshire Police and offer staff incentives to volunteer as a special constable visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/esp to find out more and sign up.
