```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a common assault and criminal damage during a road rage incident in Sandy.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: Police appeal for witnesses following road rage incident
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-witnesses-road-rage-oct20
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a common assault and criminal damage during a road rage incident in Sandy.

On Friday (16 October) at around 8.05pm, the victim was travelling in car northbound from the Sandy roundabout on the A1 towards the Black Cat roundabout when a man believed to be in a white Mercedes drove close behind him before undertaking him and then repeatedly braking in front of him.

Both vehicles reached the roundabout where the traffic was stationary. The passenger of the white car approached the victim's car and jumped over his bonnet before smashing the driver's window and then punching the victim in the face.

The offender is described as a white man, approximately 5'10'' tall, he is of slim build with dark brown hair and he was wearing a white tshirt.

PC Caren Irwin from our Crime Investigation Team said: "This incident has left the victim shocked and shaken up, and luckily he only received minor injuries.

"We do not tolerate this behaviour in Bedfordshire, and people should feel safe travelling on our roads.

"I would urge anyone who witnessed this incident, or has any dashcam footage, to come forward with any information that may assist our investigation"

If you have any information or know someone who matches the description, please contact us via our online reporting centre https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/Report or via 101 quoting reference number 40/56428/20.
