```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A former teacher, who was convicted two years ago for sexually touching a pupil, has been jailed after a second teenager told police that she had also been the victim of sexual abuse by the same man.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2019
title: Former Bedfordshire school teacher jailed after sexually touching a second pupil
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teacher-jailed-second-pupil-dec19
```

**A former teacher, who was convicted two years ago for sexually touching a pupil, has been jailed after a second teenager told police that she had also been the victim of sexual abuse by the same man.** **
**
Ricky Sedani, 36, of Ellison Drive, Banbury, was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment at Luton Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday) for a number of sexual offences involving a teenage girl when he was teaching at a school in central Bedfordshire. He was also told he would be placed on the Sex Offenders Register for 10 years.

He previously received a one-year prison sentence, suspended for two years in September 2017, after he pleaded guilty to sexually touching and sending lewd messages to one of his pupils.

After seeing a newspaper article on Sedani's conviction, a second victim came forward and disclosed that she had also been the subject of sexual abuse by Sedani, which started when she was 15 years old.

He targeted a vulnerable student, grooming her by making general conversation about her interests before making lewd suggestions, sending her explicit messages and touching her under her clothing while on school premises.

He bought her silence and told her she should never report what had been happening as her parents would be disappointed in her.

Sedani was investigated again and in October 2019, he was found guilty of five counts of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust, two counts of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity by a person in a position of trust, and one count of causing a child to engage in sexual activity by a person in a position of trust.

The student described in her personal statement how it really upset her when she discovered that she wasn't the only one that Sedani had been grooming.

She said: "I thought that I was special and that Mr Sedani actually liked me. I was really upset when I found out that this had happened to someone else.

"My relationship with my family was really tense when all this happening. They knew that something was going on but they did not know what it was. I wanted to tell them but I couldn't."

Detective Constable Kerry Smith, who investigated both cases, said: "I am glad that Sedani is now facing a prison sentence for his abhorrent action. He abused his position of authority, took advantage and violated the trust of two young girls who looked up to him as their teacher.

"I would like to take this opportunity to praise both the victims for finding the courage to come forward and expose Sedani for the sexual predator that he is. "We take such reports extremely seriously and would encourage anyone who has been the victim of sexual abuse, whether it happened recently or some time ago, to come forward and tell us. We will do all we can to safeguard children and bring offenders to justice."

If you are a victim of sexual abuse, however recent, or even if it happened long ago, the police can help and provide victims with appropriate specialist support.Reports can be made to police on 101, or via our online reporting tool.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing info@emeraldcentre.org or calling 01234 897052
