```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A West Midlands man was jailed for three years after pleading guilty to assault on a woman in Bedford in August 2020.
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2021
title: Man jailed for vicious assault on woman in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-vicious-assault-woman
```

### A West Midlands man was jailed for three years after pleading guilty to assault on a woman in Bedford in August 2020.

Takadas Ali, 25, of Cairns Street, Walsall, pleaded guilty to assaulting a woman and dangerous driving, and was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (16 February).

On 25 August 2020, Ali dragged a woman out of a car parked in Seaforth Gardens, Bedford, and assaulted her by kicking and punching. The attack was witnessed by a delivery driver passing nearby, who let the victim into his van and drove off from the location.

Ali then got back in his car and began pursuing the delivery vehicle, ramming into the back of it and trying to push it off the road.

He was unsuccessful, and the victim was taken to a place of safety by the delivery driver.

Ali was sentenced to three years in prison for one count of assault causing actual bodily harm (ABH) and one year for dangerous driving to run concurrently. He was also disqualified from driving for a period of four years and will need take an extended retest.

Additionally, the judge recognised the brave actions of the delivery driver who was awarded £200.

Detective Constable Harry Barron, who investigated the assault, said: "This was an unimaginable violent assault and we are satisfied with the prison sentence. Ali is a dangerous and unstable individual, and he belongs behind bars.

"The delivery driver risked his own life and wellbeing to protect the victim from Ali's attack and I would like to recognise his courage. If it wasn't for his swift actions, this incident could have had far more tragic consequences.

"Violence of any kind won't be tolerated, and we remain committed to bringing the offenders to justice."

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Often just talking to someone, especially one who is not family or a friend, can help victims, or those affected, make sense of what has happened and find a way to help cope and recover.

The Signpost Hub's experienced staff and volunteers understand the emotions and challenges victims may be going through, and are specially trained to listen and give help and advice.

They can provide a safe, neutral place for victims to voice their fears, worries and emotions, and the support is confidential and non-judgemental.

They also work with a range of specialist organisations and community support groups, and can make referrals to help victims.

For further information or to get in contact visit Signpost for Bedfordshire or call 0800 0282 887.
