```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police has been presented with a handmade figurine of a police officer as a thank you gift, after officers visited a 15-year-old boy in a hospice.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2017
title: Force receives Police Officer figurine as a token of appreciation from family
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officer-figurine
```

Sebastian's Family

**Bedfordshire Police has been presented with a handmade figurine of a police officer as a thank you gift, after officers visited a 15-year-old boy in a hospice.**

PC Shona Gillen and PC Tanveer Hussain visited Sebastian Barriga in Keech Hospice just one day before he sadly passed away. The officers were Sebastian's heroes and his family said that it was his dream to meet the pair after he saw them on BBC One's Traffic Cops. Since his death, Bedfordshire Police have remained close with Sebi's family, and invited them to the force's annual Family Fun Day in September.

The handcrafted figurine, made by Sebi's mum, has been placed in the force's display cabinet along with photos of Sebi to remind police officers and staff of the importance of the little things that can mean the world to someone else.

Figurine on Display Sebastian

Elva said: "I made the figurine as I wanted to create something that would represent the appreciation and gratitude I have in my heart for all Bedfordshire Police has done for our son Sebastian and our family.

"Sebastian loved the police, and whenever he saw an officer he would like a photo with them. He felt safe and secure with police around. Whenever we went to any events where police were present, he would like to be next to them and just watch them as it made him happy.

"His passion for police has transferred to our entire family. We want to show people that there is another side of policing. It's not only fighting crime, it's also the support they give to communities and the human side of each officer.

"Sebi hated violence; he couldn't stand any TV shows or cartoons showing any kind of aggression and fighting. The only shows he liked to watch were police shows because he knew they are there to protect everyone."

Message from the family Tanveer and the figurine
