```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested on suspicion of a number of distraction burglaries in a Bedfordshire town.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2020
title: Man arrested on suspicion of a number of distraction burglaries
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-arrest-nov20
```

**A man has been arrested on suspicion of a number of distraction burglaries in a Bedfordshire town.**

Yesterday (Tuesday) officers arrested a man in his 20s in connection to a number of offences in Houghton Regis.

The man, who is from Houghton Regis, currently remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from the force's dedicated burglary team, Operation Maze, said: "The man was arrested following a short pursuit and the good work of our Central Tasking Team officers, who utilised drone footage to help them locate him.

"At this time of year, with darker nights setting in, we tend to see an increase in burglaries across the county, so tackling these crimes is a key focus for us.

"Opportunist thieves, in the run up to Christmas, will target homes in the hope of finding items of value, or they will look to target vulnerable and elderly people.

"Whilst we have a dedicated team working towards preventing burglaries and finding those responsible, we need your help in spreading awareness and sharing some of the steps that can be taken as preventative measures.

"Please talk to your elderly and vulnerable neighbours and relatives, and tell them about the importance of double locking doors and windows, keeping valuable items out of sights, and ensuring they take precautions when answering the door to someone they don't know.

"If you have fallen victim to a burglary, or distraction burglary, then please make sure you report it to us."

To find out more burglary prevention advice, visit our website.

If you would like to report anything, please use our online reporting tool or call 101. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
