```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Dunstable man who threatened to kill his ex-partner has been jailed for one year and eight months.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: Dunstable man jailed for threats to kill
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dunstable-jailed-threats-kill-nov19
```

A Dunstable man who threatened to kill his ex-partner has been jailed for one year and eight months.

Scott Gibbs, 38, of Chiltern Road, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Wednesday (20 November) after being found guilty of threats to kill and stalking **.**

In October, Gibbs sent several text messages to the victim, threatening to kill her after their relationship broke down. When he received little response he started emailing her, and continued to threaten to take her life before taking to social media to post accusations about her publically. He continued to harass her and even contacted the victim's child, making further threats.

Police Constable James Bonney said: "Gibbs carried out targeted harassment and his threats left the victim and her child extremely shaken and upset; harassment and threats like this can cause immeasurable damage.

"We are glad that Gibbs has been given a custodial sentence, and we hope this result shows victims who may be going through something similar, that they can speak out and they can get help."

If you or someone you know is suffering from stalking or harassment, do not suffer in silence. You can report it through Bedfordshire Police's online reporting centre or by calling 101. In case of emergency always call 999.

For information and advice about stalking, visit our stalking and harassment information pages .

You can also call the National Stalking Helpline on 0808 802 0300, or speak with Paladin, the National Stalking Advocacy on 0203 866 4107.
