```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Kent who made racist chants while attending a match in Luton has been issued with a football banning order, after pleading guilty at a hearing at Luton Crown Court On Thursday (19 October).
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2020
title: Man issued with football banning order after pleading guilty to racist harassment
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/football-guilty-racist
```

### A man from Kent who made racist chants while attending a match in Luton has been issued with a football banning order, after pleading guilty at a hearing at Luton Crown Court On Thursday (19 October).

Jake Ryans, 19, of Pinewood Avenue, Sidcup, attended a match between Luton Town F.C. and Millwall F.C. at Kenilworth Road Stadium in Luton on 2 October 2019.

Our investigation, supported by body worn video recorded by the force's Football Liaison officers, identified Ryans as the person using offensive language towards Luton Town F.C. fans.

Ryans pleaded guilty to racially or religiously aggravated intentional harassment, and was issued with a three-year football banning order preventing him from attending any regulated football matches within the United Kingdom.

He was also ordered to pay a £220 fine, and the hearing costs along with a victim surcharge.

PC Tony Bravo, who investigated, said: "Any form of hate motivated harassment has no place in our communities, and certainly not in football.

"We are dedicated to working closely with the football clubs and our colleagues in different police forces to identify the perpetrators and issue them with appropriate sanctions.

"We hope this sends a strong message that we have means to identify and track down individuals, even during large scale events like this one."

If you want to report hate crime you can contact us online or call 101.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpostforbedfordshire for further information.
