```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A domestic abuse survivor has spoken up to encourage other victims to come forward.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Abuse victims urged to come forward after landmark court case
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jordan-worth-domestic-abuse-apr2018
```

**A domestic abuse survivor has spoken up to encourage other victims to come forward after Bedfordshire Police 's Emerald team secured the UK's first conviction for coercive control involving a female offender. **

Jordan Worth, 22, of Stewartby, Bedfordshire, received two seven-year sentences to run concurrently, on Friday (13 April), after she pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent, and a further six months for the coercive and controlling behaviour against her partner Alex Skeel, 22.

She was also made the subject of a restraining order, which prevents her from contacting him for an indefinite period.

In a sustained and prolonged campaign over the last nine months of their relationship, Worth not only subjected her partner to multiple physical injuries, often requiring hospital treatment, but also inflicted non-physical and psychological harm including denying him food, clothing, adequate bedding, or even contact with family and friends.

On hearing shouts from the couple's home one evening in June 2017, a neighbour's call to police finally set about putting an end to this young man's plight.

Today Alex spoke up to encourage other people suffering similar abuse to come forward to police.

He said: "I want to tell my story. I don't want one more person to suffer what I've gone through.

"The hospital told me I was ten days away from death. I believe the reason I survived to tell my story is to help others going through a similar ordeal.

"I would urge anyone in the same situation to ask for help. Bedfordshire Police were fantastic and I do believe they saved my life."

Officers from the force's Emerald team, dedicated to tackling domestic crime and serious sexual offences, investigated the case.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerry Waite, head of the Emerald team and force tactical lead for domestic abuse, said: "We are thrilled with this conviction. The sentence handed down reflects the gravity with which these offences are viewed.

"Although only the second of its kind for Bedfordshire, this demonstrates our steadfast commitment to victims in tackling domestic abuse in its many forms.

"Coercive control is subtle - it isn't always obvious what's been happening and may escalate over a period of time. The victim may not immediately recognise the behaviour as abuse. The desire to control often underpins abusive relationships and can lead to violence.

"It's our job to identify the wider vulnerabilities; to recognise and understand the dynamics of domestic abuse and, in particular, elements of coercive or controlling behaviour within those abusive relationships."

Domestic abuse is not limited to physical violence, it ranges far wider and often involves significant psychological and emotional harm. Coercive and controlling behaviour is often a significant factor within relationships where one person seeks to exert power and control over the daily activities of the other. This is not always easy to document or evidence and convictions are rare.

The first conviction in Bedfordshire was secured in June 2017 when Ricky Pritchard, 34, of Potton Road, pleaded guilty to coercive and controlling behaviour and was sentenced at Luton Crown Court to 18-months, plus four months to run consecutively for breach of a restraining order, taking his time in jail to 22 months. He also received an indefinite restraining order, restricting his access to areas of the county, to further protect the victim.

Domestic abuse is often thought of as the preserve of male offenders abusing female partners, this case shows that this is far from the truth.

If you are concerned about someone, or feel you are in a controlling relationship, support is available.

Please contact us on 101, you will be listened to. Always call 999 in an emergency. Alternatively you can contact the 24-hour National Domestic Violence helpline 0808 2000 247.

Alex Skeel
