```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The two men in their 20s from Luton were arrested in Dunstable on Wednesday night
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2020
title: Two arrests in latest patrol combatting gangs
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-patrol-gangs-jan20
```

**Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drug offences after the latest patrol targeting gang activity.**

The two men in their 20s from Luton were arrested in Dunstable on Wednesday night (29 January).

One was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, while the other was arrested on suspicion of the same offence but for Class B drugs.

Both of the men have been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

They were arrested by our Boson guns and gangs team on an Operation Sparkler.

These proactive patrols aim to disrupt potential drugs and gang activity.

Op Sparkler and other similar patrols have enabled officers to make more than 150 arrests and jail 18 people for total of 30 years and four months since April.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh, the force operational lead for drugs, county lines and serious youth violence, said: "These are some more excellent results from our Boson team.

"We are regularly seizing drugs and criminal cash during these operations and combatting gangs and organised crime across the county.

"We will continue to proactively target those we suspect of being involved in gangs and drug dealing and disrupt their activities."

Anyone with any information about gangs or drug dealing is asked to contact us on 101 or via our website.

All of these reports are fed into police intelligence systems and can help the force build up a picture of organised crime.

People can also report information anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
