```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from our force are seeking the public\u2019s help, as they investigate a burglary in Houghton Regis on Monday (19 October)."
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal launched after Houghton Regis burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-launched-after-houghton-regis-burglary
```

### Officers from our force are seeking the public's help, as they investigate a burglary in Houghton Regis on Monday (19 October).

At around 9.15am, a house on Leaf Road was broken into via a rear ground floor window, rooms were ransacked, and cash and jewellery were stolen.

Around the time of the incident, a white 125cc motorcycle with a red top box and "L" plate was seen in Leaf Road, and officers would like to identify the rider and passenger.

PC Tom Williams, investigating, said: "This incident has left the householders in shock, and I am appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

"We would particularly like to speak with the people on the motorcycle who may have vital information."

If you were in the area at the time and have any information, or dash cam footage of the motorcycle, please contact us using the force's online reporting centre, or webchat, quoting reference 40/56927/20.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

For information on burglary prevention, visit our advice pages.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpost for bedfordshire for further information.
