```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Across the county, Street Watch volunteers have given their time to undertake patrols.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2019
title: Street Watch volunteers rack up almost 600 hours during patrols
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/streetwatch-600hours-patrols-july2019
```

**Street Watch volunteers across the county have clocked up almost 600 hours in patrol time over the past three months - the equivalent of patrolling 24 hours a day for 24 days.**

The volunteers have accumulated 558 hours since April, carrying out patrols in pairs, or groups, across the county.

The force currently has 15 Street Watch groups based county-wide, made up of 150 volunteers. They promote good citizenship by patrolling their own streets, provide visible reassurance to their own communities and work closely with the force, reporting issues and information back to officers.

In the three months since April, volunteers reported 11 incidents that they came across, including drug dealing, hazardous waste that had been dumped, and a vulnerable male to name but a few. They also reported numerous pieces of information back to Bedfordshire Police, helping officers build a picture of any issues in different areas.

As well as patrolling, 16 volunteers also visited the Force Contact Centre, spending time with experienced staff to learn how 999 and 101 calls are processed.

All new Community Street Watch Scheme volunteers receive training in First Aid, and a further 28 new Street Watch volunteers completed their First Aid training in June.

Juliet Wright, who oversees the force's Street Watch Schemes, said: "Our Street Watch volunteers are some of the most dedicated and motivated people I have met, who all want to make a difference in the communities where they live. The amount of hours they have accrued in three months is admirable, and I'm sure their communities also appreciate their efforts.

"Our volunteers in Community Watch Schemes are not a replacement for police officers, but work closely with us, sharing information and encouraging partnership working. The 11 information reports we have received from them help our local community policing teams to be aware of issues in different areas."

Bedfordshire also has Neighbourhood Watch and Speed Watch schemes running in the county. To find out more about joining your local scheme, email WatchSchemes@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk
