```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our cadet instructor Liberato Lionetti has won a leadership award at the College of Policing awards ceremony
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Cadet instructor celebrated at College of Policing awards
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadet-instructor-award-mar20
```

**Our cadet instructor Liberato Lionetti has won a leadership award at the College of Policing awards ceremony.**

The awards evening took place in Durham on Wednesday (11 March) and celebrated colleagues from across UK policing. This is the second year of the awards, which aim to recognise everyday professionalism and excellence across policing.

Liberato was nominated for his work as a volunteer with our cadets, alongside his challenging work with the Special Constabulary. He also has a full time job, but has committed 40 hours a month to policing for the last 18 years.

Liberato was commended by Chief Constable Mike Cunningham, College of Policing CEO, who said: "It's a great pleasure to be able to recognise these officers, staff and volunteers, on behalf of their colleagues who nominated and voted for them and who think they deserve special praise.

"The stories and partnership working which came out during the nominations were truly inspiring and showcase just a few examples of the incredible dedication, initiative and professionalism which the diverse people and teams working across all levels of the police service demonstrate on a daily basis.

"I'm extremely proud of the fact that these awards are nominated and voted by people working in policing and give us a chance to thank those colleagues who we believe excel in their everyday roles and help keep people and communities safe."

Liberato said: "I am delighted to have won this award for leadership. I love volunteering my time to the cadets, the Special Constabulary and Bedfordshire Police.

"Everyone in the force really believes in the important work that we do working with our cadets and giving these outstanding young people skills and confidence they can take forward for the rest of their lives.

"I would like to say thank you to those who nominated me for this award. It is a real honour."
