```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed in Luton on Saturday (16 May).
publish:
  date: 19 May 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after a man was stabbed in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-stabbed-luton-may20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed in Luton on Saturday (16 May).

The incident took place at around 12.35pm in Moor Path where a man was found with two stab wounds to his upper thigh. The victim was taken to hospital and is now in a stable condition.

The offenders are both described as black men aged between 20 and 25 years old.

One man is described as being of slim build and wearing a black outfit, including black trainers. At the time of the incident, it is believed that he was wearing a white coat, which is later believed to have been changed to a black puffer coat.

The second man is described as having a stockier build and wearing a grey tracksuit with a white motif on the top and the trousers, with his hood up. He was believed to be wearing white trainers and carrying a black satchel at the time.

After fleeing the scene, the two men then headed towards the town centre through Cromwell Road and Bury Park Road.

Detective Sergeant Wil Taylor, who is investigating the case, said: "We are appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area to get in contact. This happened during the middle of the day and the perpetrators fled the scene on foot, potentially coming into contact with multiple members of the public. If you remember seeing someone that fits the descriptions given, please get in contact.

"Though we believe this incident to be targeted, these are clearly dangerous men and we need your help in trying to locate them. This kind of violence will not be tolerated in our county and we are doing all we can to trace those responsible."

Anyone with information can contact 101, or report online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report, quoting reference 158 of 16 May.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
