```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers and staff were recognised at our Chief Commendations ceremony on Wednesday 5 February at Headquarters in Kempston.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2020
title: Officers and staff celebrated for outstanding work and professionalism
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chiefs-commendation-awards-feb20
```

Police officers and staff were recognised at our Chief Commendations ceremony on Wednesday 5 February at Headquarters in Kempston.

The event acknowledged the outstanding work of officers and staff who successfully brought offenders to justice through three large operations.

In 2015 four men were jailed for more than 27 years for firearms offences after a Serious and Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) investigation.

SOCU were also responsible for the Operation Lattice firearms investigation, which saw two men jailed for life and 20 years respectively for supplying guns to criminal gangs across the country.

The final job officers were commended for was Operation Holms.

Members of two Bedford gangs were jailed for a series of serious gang violence in the summer of 2017.

Members of the Kempston Block gang then received further jail terms for attempting to smuggle drugs into Luton Crown Court, as well as the aggravated burglary of a cannabis factory in Northumbria.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth presented the commendations at a ceremony, which was attended by officers, staff and their families.

Chief Constable Forsyth said: "It's a pleasure to be able to present the Chief Commendation awards to our officers and staff.

"During the ceremony we heard about outstanding work and professionalism. Officers and staff go above and beyond their duty to protect the public and these ceremonies are a great opportunity to show our appreciation.

"I would like to thank the families of our officers and staff for their continued support."
