```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The work by Boson officers helps continue the downward trend in serious youth violence across the county.
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2021
title: Firearms and drugs charges as gangs unit continues crackdown on serious violence
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/firearms-drugs-charges-feb21
```

**Our guns and gangs unit has taken drugs and ammunition off the streets as well as charging someone as part of an investigation into a local drugs supply line.**

The work by Boson officers helps continue the downward trend in serious youth violence across the county.

Last week a man in his 20s from Bedford was charged with possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, as well as possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

This follows a Boson investigation into a firearms discharge in Bedford earlier this month, in which no one was injured.

Officers recovered bullet casings from the scene as well as a gun box and a round of blank ammunition in connection to this investigation, plus more than £1,000 worth of Class A drugs.

An 18-year-old man from Bedford was also charged with being concerned in the supply of heroin and crack cocaine as part of a separate Boson investigation on Friday (19 February)

It follows a warrant in Bedford on the same day by Boson officers, which recovered a number of mobile phones.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn said: "Wherever we find drug dealers, we will often find gun crime, knife crime and other serious violence, as well as children and other vulnerable people being exploited.

"Even during lockdown, organised crime gangs are still causing misery in our communities.

"You can help us stop this though and prevent future violence. If you have concerns about drug dealing, please report them - all these reports are logged and assist our investigations.

"You can also report anything confidentially via Crimestoppers, if you would rather not talk to us."

Anyone with any information can contact us through our website.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For more information visit this landing page on the Crimestoppers website.
