```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a 16-year-old boy killed in Bedford have paid tribute to their \u201Clovely and popular boy\u201D."
publish:
  date: 19 Sep 2018
title: Family tribute to boy, 16, killed in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-boy-killed-bedford-sep2018
```

**The family of a 16-year-old boy killed in Bedford have paid tribute to their "lovely and popular boy".**

Cemeren Yilmaz, of Roman Paddock, Harrold, who was known as Cem, was the victim of a fatal attack in Ashmead Road on Sunday night.

In a statement, his family said: "Cem was a much loved son, grandson and brother. It is a very sad loss for us as a family and we are heartbroken at his death.

"He was a lovely and popular boy and had his whole life ahead of him. We would ask that our privacy is respected at this difficult time."

Detectives are now appealing to Cem's friends to help us with the investigation into his death.

Today (Wednesday) we have made two further arrests, of a 40-year-old man from Bedford and a 15-year-old boy from Bedford, on suspicion of murder, taking the total number of arrests in the investigation to six.

Four people - two 19-year-old men and two 15-year-old boys, all from Bedford - had already been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody.

The incident happened at around 10.20pm on Sunday (16 September) in Ashmead Road.

Cem was attacked by a group of males and suffered stab wounds as well as other injuries.

He was taken to hospital for treatment but was pronounced dead on Monday morning.

Detective Chief Inspector Michael Branston, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, investigating, said: "Our hearts go out to Cem's family at this incredibly difficult time. We are absolutely determined to bring those responsible for this shocking attack to justice.

"While we are piecing together the information about what happened, we are really keen to hear from Cem's friends about the background to this appalling incident.

"We would like to speak to anyone who can help us understand why Cem was targeted, or anyone who has any other information that could help us with our enquiries.

"You can get in touch with us online, or you can leave information anonymously if you so wish, but I would urge anyone who can help us to do so, so we can get justice for Cem and his family."

You can report information to police on 101 or via the online reporting centre on the Bedfordshire Police website, quoting Operation Powells.

Alternatively you can report information to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
