```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Leighton Buzzard has been jailed for 20 months, and issued with a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, after officers found almost 1,000 indecent images of children on devices seized from his home.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2019
title: Man jailed after officers find almost 1,000 indecent images of children on devices
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-indecent-images-sep2019
```

**A man from Leighton Buzzard has been jailed for 20 months, and issued with a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, after officers found almost 1,000 indecent images of children on devices seized from his home.**

Carmine De Vita, 58, of Rosebery Avenue, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Friday (20 September).

Officers from our Internet Child Abuse Investigation Team (ICAIT) executed a warrant in January 2018, and De Vita was arrested at the scene on suspicion of making or possessing indecent images of a child.

A mobile phone and a computer were seized from the property and were submitted to the force's Digital Forensic Unit which found 520 Category A images of the most serious nature, and over 400 Category B and C images.

In interview, De Vita admitted that the devices seized were his and nobody else's.

He told officers he was in 'complete and utter shock' at the amount of images and videos that were found, claiming he was only aware of one file on his phone and 30 on his computer.

Investigation Officer Stephen Facer, who investigated De Vita, said: "Real children are harmed when indecent images are made, and continue to be exploited every time the images are shared. I am glad we caught De Vita before his actions could escalate.

"The ICAIT team deals with some of the most harrowing cases of online child abuse, but we are committed to safeguarding children, who are horrifically abused in the course of offences like these, and are then later used by others for their own gratification.

"We will continue to prosecute those who contribute to the exploitation of children by making and sharing indecent images."

Parents can visit the Parents Protect website, which is run by the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, for lots of useful resources to help prevent online child sexual abuse.

It also contains a list of organisations and resources focusing on keeping children safe in the digital world.

The NSPCC Share Aware website also contains advice and tips about how children can keep themselves safe online.

To report concerns around child sexual abuse call us on 101.
