```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to almost eight years in prison for sexually abusing two girls.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: Luton man jailed for child sexual offences which happened over 20 years ago
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jailed-child-sexual-offences
```

### A man has been sentenced to almost eight years in prison for sexually abusing two girls.

Gary Ambridge, 58, of Verulam Gardens, Luton, pleaded guilty to a number of indecent assaults between 1997 and 2000.

The two victims approached our force last year and disclosed the abuse.

While Ambridge initially denied the offences under interview, last month at court he pleaded guilty to eight separate indecent assaults as well as two counts of cruelty to a person.

Ambridge was sentenced to seven years and 11 months for ten offences related to child abuse and child sexual abuse. He was sentenced to four years and two months for two counts of child abuse, and three years and nine months for eight counts of indecent assault on a child to run consecutively.

DC Natalie Miller, from the force's Public Protection Unit, said: "Ambridge's vile abuse of these two girls has had a profound impact on them and I am glad he has been handed such a significant sentence.

"The abuse has had a long lasting impact on their lives and we understand the enormous courage it took for them to come forward.

"We encourage people to approach us for help, regardless of when the offence took place, and we will do our absolute utmost to get them justice."

Parents and carers can visit the Parents Protect website which is run by the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, for resources to help identify and prevent child sexual abuse.

The NSPCC website has a wealth of information on how to talk to your child about staying safe from sexual abuse, including the PANTS underwear rule:

P - Privates are private

A - Always remember your body belongs to you

N - No means no

T - Talk about secrets that upset you

S - Speak up, someone can help

You can find more information and resources on our website.

To report child sex abuse, call 101. In an emergency, always call 999.

If you've been affected by crime you can also contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire
