```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Appeal following bogus caller robbery
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2020
title: Appeal following bogus caller robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-bogus-caller-robbery
```

### Police investigating a robbery in which a vulnerable victim was robbed inside her own property are appealing for information.

Shortly after 2.15pm on Saturday (11 July), a resident in Ash Road, Luton, was duped by two women who had asked to be let into her property.

Whilst inside, they began speaking to the victim - an elderly woman - before attacking her and forcibly removing a set of four 22-carat gold bangles from her wrist.

The offenders also stole a small amount of cash from the victim's purse.

The women were both described as Asian with light skin, in their early 20s and both with shoulder-length hair. One had a nose stud on the left hand side of her nose. Both are thought to have been wearing jeans.

Detective Constable Tracey Joyce, investigating the robbery, said: "The victim in this case is a vulnerable lady who was taken advantage of when she initially believed she was helping the women in an act of kindness.

"This was a brazen opportunity by the two offenders to prey on this victim and they made off with items of high monetary, but also sentimental, value.

"I would urge anyone with information about these women or instances of a similar nature to get in contact with us, or if these items of jewellery have been seen or offered for sale."

DC Joyce is also keen to warn residents of the risks of doorstep criminals, particularly if you have vulnerable relatives, friends or neighbours who may be especially at risk.

She added: "Please do not let anyone into your home who you do not know, or have not arranged to meet by prior appointment with a reputable firm. Doorstep criminals can spin any number of stories to gain access to your home, so if you are ever in doubt, do not answer and contact police."

Anyone with information is urged to contact police on 101 quoting the reference 40/37259/20, or submit information through our online reporting centre.
Bogus caller advice:

• If you have an unexpected knock on the door never open it to strangers, consider installing a door chain and always keep it on
• If unsure of the visitor's identity always ask for their ID first and telephone the company they are purporting to be from, and use the telephone numbers listed in your local directory or provided independently by your service provider
• Don't agree to any work or sign anything on the spot. Do not be pressured into having any work carried out
• Never pay cash up front and never go to the bank or cash point with a trader
• If you suspect a rogue trader is at your door then call 999

If you feel the caller is suspicious, do not hesitate to contact us by calling us on 101 for non-emergencies or call 999 if you suspect a crime is happening. Take note of any vehicle registration numbers and a description of the suspected offenders.
