```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Bedford teenager who wrote about forced compliance and admitted to fantasising about committing acts against others will serve more than eight years behind bars.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2019
title: '''Sinister sexual predator'' jailed for more than eight years'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-predator-jailed-oct2019
```

**A Bedford teenager who wrote about forced compliance and admitted to fantasising about committing acts against others will serve more than eight years behind bars.**

Aaron Irvine, 19, of Thor Drive, Bedford, was found guilty of sexual assault and trespass with intent to commit sexual assault following an eight-day trial in July.

He also pleaded guilty to common assault and possession of an offensive weapon after the incident in January.

At around 2.45pm on Wednesday 2 January, a 17-year-old girl answered a knock at the door of her friend's house in a rural mid-Bedfordshire village.

She was confronted by Irvine dressed head-to-toe in black, including a black balaclava and rubber gloves, while he was holding a knife at chest height.

Irvine made his way inside the house, indicating that in return for sexual acts, he would not steal anything from the home. He then sexually assaulted another 17-year-old girl at the property.

The two girls managed to escape from the house, where they flagged down a stranger's car and contacted the police. Irvine was later found by officers and arrested.

He was found carrying a rucksack containing a lock knife and a hunting knife, rope, tape, wet wipes, latex gloves and a lock pick.

Officers also found a notebook where he wrote about "Forced Compliance", as well as other angry and derogatory comments.

At Luton Crown Court on Friday, Irvine was sentenced to a total of eight years and four months in prison.

Detective Constable Kate Robinson, who investigated the case, said: "I am pleased we were able to get justice for these two girls and Irvine will spend more than eight years in jail.

"He has shown himself as a sinister sexual predator, who intended to cause extreme fear and degrade these young victims. He is a dangerous individual who displayed deeply disturbing behaviour which escalated into his planned actions.

"I commend the bravery of the two girls who came forward, and thank their families for their commitment and support in this case. We have worked tirelessly together to get this conviction and I hope the result means the girls can move forward with their lives."

As part of their investigation, officers established that Irvine may have been able to locate the girls by using location services on social media.

"It is so important that people are aware of what they are sharing on social media," added DC Robinson.

"Parents and carers in particular should not be afraid to talk about this subject with their children and ensure that they are safe online."

For more information about staying safe online visit the NSPCC's website.
