```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Parents of pupils, along with members of the local community, who attend Time for Tea for the over 60s at The Ferrars Academy in Luton, have donated more than 60 Bobby Buddy teddy bears to Bedfordshire Police, to support children who are impacted by crime.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: Luton school helping to support child victims of crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-school-bobbybuddies-dec18
```

**Parents of pupils, along with members of the local community, who attend Time for Tea for the over 60s at The Ferrars Academy in Luton, have donated more than 60 Bobby Buddy teddy bears to Bedfordshire Police, to support children who are impacted by crime.**

The presentation of the bears took place in assembly at the school in Macaulay Road today (19 December), by Principal Sarah Green and Family Worker Assistant, Jackie Allan, to Victim Care Co-ordinators (VCCs) Asha Heer and Saadia Khan.

The donations were made after the force issued a request to knitters in the community to get involved in the Bobby Buddies scheme. So far, the force has been inundated with around 250 teddies made to look like police officers, and are being used by Bedfordshire Police officers and VCCs at the Signpost Hub when dealing with children affected by crime. The project is being rolled out by the Signpost Hub, which provides free and confidential emotional and practical support to those affected by crime.

Principal Green said: "We were really pleased to get involved in such a worthwhile cause and hope the bears will be a good comfort and reassure young children who have experienced the trauma of crime."

VCC Zoe Davis, who is leading the project, added: "We have been absolutely overwhelmed by the number of bears we've received and the time people have taken out to knit them. We're so grateful and have started to roll out the teddies, handing them out to our community officers.

"The Bobby Buddies will help young people at a difficult time to realise officers are approachable, are there to help them and are not someone to be scared of. They will also be useful to distract the young person from what is going on around them during a stressful situation."

The bears have been made without buttons or beads with consideration for the children's safety. PC Conroy of Dorset Police successfully launched the scheme there, and is allowing Bedfordshire to use the Bobby Buddy template created by his mother, Tracey Conroy, in addition to the crochet guide Zoe has developed.

If you would like to get involved please contact Zoe Davis at zoe.davis@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk or by calling 0800 0282 887.

For further information about the Signpost hub visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/information-and-services/Victim-care/Support-services-for-victims

Ferras Academy handing over the Bobby Buddies
