```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers carried out a warrant in Summerfield Street, Luton, yesterday morning (Monday). As a result, five men were arrested on suspicion of firearm possession and drug supply offences.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Five men arrested and weapon seized following warrant in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-warrant-lluton-oct20
```

**A fourth firearm has been taken off the streets by Bedfordshire Police in a week after a fresh crackdown on drugs and violence linked to organised crime.**

Officers carried out a warrant in Summerfield Street, Luton, yesterday morning (Monday). As a result, five men were arrested on suspicion of firearm possession and drug supply offences.

During the warrant officers seized a firearm and silencer, five rounds of ammunition and a quantity of what were believed to be Class A drugs.

A 22-year-old man from Luton has now been charged with possession of a prohibited firearm, possession of ammunition without a certificate and possession with intent to supply MDMA (ecstasy), a Class A controlled drug.

He has been remanded into custody ahead of a future court appearance.

The other four men have been released under investigation.

Sergeant James West, from Bedfordshire Police's intelligence team, said: "We will relentlessly pursue those we suspect of being involved in organised criminal networks across Bedfordshire.

"This is the fourth firearm we have taken off the streets in a week, removing their ability to do untold damage in our communities.

"These operations have also seen us recover a significant quantity of drugs, which drives much of the serious violence, exploitation and antisocial behaviour which blights our residents.

"We know that we face a significant challenge from organised crime in Bedfordshire - but our communities should be assured that we are on the front foot in tackling it and making our county safer."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to report it online or to contact police on 101.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and helps officers get a better understanding of organised crime.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit the VERU website.
