```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedford Community Team closes two properties following drugs warrant
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2020
title: Bedford Community Team closes two properties
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-community-team-closes-two-properties
```

### Our Community Policing team executed a number of warrants on Wednesday (8 July) at four properties in Bedford and successfully secured two closure notices.

The team applied for a closure order after carrying out warrants at addresses in Dearne Walk. Following a hearing at Luton Magistrates' Court yesterday (Thursday), two properties have been closed for three months.

Our team worked closely with Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit and Bedford Borough Council on the operation to resolve local community concerns and apply for the closure orders.

Chief Inspector Mo Aziz said: "The Bedford Community Policing team has completed four warrants and two property closure orders this week, which involves a huge amount of work.

"We have received a growing number of reports concerning drug use and anti-social behaviour at these addresses, which causes a huge amount of angst among residents who feel intimated by this behaviour.

"The addresses have been closed for three months which is a great result for the team and the community, who will now hopefully be able to enjoy a better way of living."

Sergeant Emma Underwood, of our Community Policing team, said: "We are really pleased that we have secured the closure orders, which is testimony to the work that the team have put in.

"The reports that we have received from our local community have been key in helping us to build a better picture of the issues in the area and investigate the ongoing criminal activity with our partners.

"The concerns of our local communities are always our priority. Please continue to report any concerns you have about your neighbourhood through our online reporting tool. It really does make a difference."

If you have any reports or concerns about your area, please report these using our online reporting tool or call 101.
