```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after 10 cars were stolen from a private barn in High Street in Broom, Biggleswade.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: Witness appeal after brazen car theft in Broom
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cars-stolen-broom-oct18
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after 10 cars were stolen from a private barn in High Street in Broom, Biggleswade.**

The cars were stolen at approximately 10am on Friday (12 October).

The offenders posed as staff from a recovery company, all wearing high-visibility jackets with 'recovery' written on them. They have been seen to come back numerous times to the owner's barn and used three trucks to remove vehicles from the property.

The stolen vehicles are:

 * Blue Ford - Number plate: Y112BCE
 * Blue BMW 325 - Number plate: X844RGT
 * Red Ford Escort \- Number plate: G224CWC
 * Blue Ford Maverick - Number plate: R770FRT
 * Blue Ford Mondeo \- Number plate: EO02VAD
 * Black Ford Mondeo \- Number plate: WV55PKX
 * Blue Ford Probe 24V - Number plate: M921PWL
 * Green Mitsubishi L200 - Number plate: OE02ACF
 * Red Nissan - Number plate: WPK725S
 * Red Vauxhall Cavalier- Number plate: M67URO

Mahbubur Choudhury, investigating, said: "The victim reported the vehicles stolen as soon as they realised the cars have been removed from the property. We believe this was a scam during which the offenders successfully deceived any potential witnesses by pretending to be legitimate car recovery company.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who might have seen the theft in progress or who has been offered one of the cars for sale.

"Additionally we would like to issue a warning to remain vigilant and always check the credentials of a car removal company and report any suspicious behaviour to the police."

Anyone with information is asked to visit the force online reporting centre or call 101 and quote reference number 40/31143/18.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
