```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Finn\u2019s Law has been given Royal Assent, meaning it is now an offence to cause unnecessary suffering to a service animal."
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: "Finn\u2019s Law given Royal Assent"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/finns-law-royal-assent
```

**" A little emotional, but so happy Finn has gone down in history. What a legacy for the job he absolutely loved doing every day of his career." ** This was PC Dave Wardell's reaction yesterday (Tuesday) having heard Finn's Law has been given Royal Assent, meaning it is now an offence to cause unnecessary suffering to a service animal.

PC Wardell has been campaigning for better protection for service animals following an incident in Stevenage on 5 October 2016. Dave and Finn, who is now retired from service with the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit, had been called to reports of a robbery.

During the pursuit of the suspect, PC Wardell released Finn with a command to detain the suspect. The suspect attempted to jump over a fence but Finn kept pace and was able to take hold of his leg.

Dave joined Finn and within moments, the suspect lunged at them. He brutally stabbed Finn in the head and chest whilst Dave suffered an injury to his hand. Finn didn't let the suspect go though and in a short while other officers arrived and he was arrested.

Finn, whose actions protected Dave's life that night, almost died from his injuries. However, he did make a miraculous recovery and was back on active duty just 11 weeks later. He retired in March 2017.

The 16-year-old offender was charged with Criminal Damage to Finn and an offence of ABH for the injuries caused to PC Wardell. He received an eight month sentence.

In 2017 Rt Hon Sir Oliver Heald QC MP brought the Animal Services Bill (Finn's Law) to Parliament.

PC Wardell continued: "This has been an amazing journey and such a positive campaign to be part of. All this positivity came from such a negative event.

"Finn has attended every stage through Parliament and is quite a feature there now.

"I would like to thank every single person who has supported us through this. I can't believe we've made history."

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Fullwood, who is in charge of the Joint Protective Services Command which the Beds, Cambs and Herts Dog Unit work under said: "I am thrilled for Dave, our service animals and all those who have been in support of the campaign. What happened that night in 2016 was truly horrendous and the injuries Finn suffered were almost fatal.

"Our police dogs are part of our family and this incident affected us all. Our dogs, their handlers and their colleagues run towards danger and do some amazing work 24/7 to protect us and it is right they are seen as more than property.

"I know this has been a long and emotional journey for PC Wardell, his family and supporters but the outcome is so positive and well worth every moment, well done."
