```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: More than 20 warning notices have been handed out to the parents of youths involved in nuisance anti-social behaviour (ASB) across Flitwick and Ampthill.
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2019
title: Parents warned after ASB in Flitwick and Ampthill
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/parents-warned-flitwickampthillasb-jan19
```

More than 20 warning notices have been handed out to the parents of youths involved in nuisance anti-social behaviour (ASB) across Flitwick and Ampthill.

They form part of an intervention to encourage parents and guardians to take action to prevent their child's continued involvement in the problems. A large number of youths have been damaging property, littering, being abusive and intimidating to members of the public. This includes riding bicycles in a manner that has been inconsiderate and dangerous to other road users, potentially causing road traffic collisions, whilst also putting the rider at serious risk of injury, as well as being a general nuisance to the public.

PC Aaron Dagley of the North Rural Community Team said: "We have taken the step to involve the parents and guardians of the young people regularly associating within a group identified as being responsible for this behaviour, which is causing a major nuisance to residents. They need to understand it's their responsibility to know what their children are up to when they leave the house and the onus is on them to take action.

"We have been working closely with Central Bedfordshire Council and the Multi Agency Safeguarding Hub to tackle ASB in the area and will deal with offending robustly where evidence is present. By putting intervention measures into place now, it is a chance to try and prevent more serious offending down the line.

"Following the warning if there continues to be an unreasonable, persistent and detrimental impact on the quality of life of the community by the youths, we will be able to take further action against the parents, guardians or individuals."

Officers have identified the vast majority of youths, but there are still a few identities outstanding. If you have any information about the individuals involved please contact 101 or you can report information online or anonymously by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
