```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have joined forces with Wootton Lower School in a new approach to tackle nuisance biking.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2018
title: Police and school join forces to curb nuisance motorbikes
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/wootton-meteor-jan2018
```

Wootton Lower School

**We have joined forces with Wootton Lower School in a new approach aimed at tackling nuisance and anti-social motorbike riding.**

Children from the school designed leaflets to send strong safety messages to the perpetrators, in support of the force's Operation Meteor drive, which is aimed at curbing nuisance motorbikes and anti-social riding across the county.

Among the messages, children asked dangerous bikers to stay safe on the road by paying attention and abiding by the speed limit.
Jessica said: "To keep safe on the road, pay attention to the road. Don't break the speed limit. Don't let anyone else on your moped. Always wear your helmet."

Amy said: "Drive safe, arrive safe. Wear pads and jacket. Wear a helmet."

Sergeant Samantha Hunt, from Bedfordshire Police's Luton Community team said: "It's important to educate children about the risks of anti-social riding. This dangerous practice affects every road user and can have fatal consequences.

"The children's messages to the offenders are clear: think of who you are putting at risk.

"Riding over the speed limit, performing stunts and mounting the kerbs can easily get out of control and put innocent bystanders in danger. Those bystanders are someone's son, daughter, brother, sister, mum and dad. We would like to remind the riders that this person could also be a member of their own family, and it's not a victimless crime."

The school's Headteacher Mr Chris Tavener said: "The children were really excited to enter this competition. We have a lot of talented artists, so the standards were very high. The two girls did really well and have produced two stunning, winning posters, which will hopefully remind bikers to ride safely."

Amy's design Jessica's design
