```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A property in Luton believed to be linked to commercial sexual exploitation has been closed and a woman safeguarded in a bid to crack down on the illegal sex trade.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Luton property closed following brothel discovery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/property-closed-brothel-discovery
```

### A property in Luton believed to be linked to commercial sexual exploitation has been closed and a woman safeguarded in a bid to crack down on the illegal sex trade.

The address in Milton Road, Luton, was temporarily closed by the courts yesterday (Thursday) after officers discovered a suspected brothel whilst on patrol on Wednesday (24 March).

One woman was safeguarded and offered support as part of the operation.

Luton Community policing team Inspector Fiona Dawson said: "This was excellent work by our officers to spot the premises, safeguard a woman and apply for a closure order.

"Bedfordshire Police will not tolerate the exploitation of vulnerable people by organised crime and we will continue our work with local partners to offer support to victims and offer them a way out.

"We would urge members of our community to look out for signs of suspected brothels and to report any suspicious activity to us. A volume of people, particularly men, seen coming and going from the same address, constantly closed curtains and security cameras can be signs to look out for.

"Each report feeds into a wider intelligence picture and helps us to catch those responsible and to also protect vulnerable people."

Last week saw the launch of Bedfordshire Against Violence and Exploitation (BAVEX), which aims to raise awareness around things like modern slavery, cuckooing and sexual exploitation in the county.

If you believe someone is a victim of sexual exploitation or other forms of modern day slavery, report it to the police by visiting their online reporting centre or by calling 101.

You can also watch the main BAVEX campaign video on the VERU's YouTube channel.

For more information about the sexual exploitation visit the BAVEX website.
