```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from our force are appealing for witnesses to an assault in Bedford which left a man with a serious injury.
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Rowallan Drive, Bedford?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-rowallan-drive-bedford
```

### Officers from our force are appealing for witnesses to an assault in Bedford which left a man with a serious injury.

On Monday 12 October, at around 2.45pm, a man was driving along Rowallan Drive, Bedford, when a white 4x4 vehicle pulled out of Poplar Avenue, causing the man to brake sharply.

The driver of the 4x4 exited his vehicle and approached the driver, verbally abusing and threatening him, then punched him twice through the open car window, before getting back into the 4x4 and leaving the scene towards Kimbolton Road.

The victim sustained a fractured cheek bone.

The offender is described as a black man in his 40s, of stocky build, with short, cropped hair and stubble. He was wearing a red and black tracksuit top. He was also wearing glasses.

It is believed he had a female passenger in his vehicle.

PC Luke Skelton, of the force's Crime Investigation Team, said: "Everyone should have the right to use our county's roads safely and our lines of enquiry so far have proved negative, so we are appealing to the public for help.

"The victim sustained a nasty injury, and has been left badly shaken up by this incident.

"This took place at a time when many people would possibly have been out on a school run, so we are hoping someone remembers seeing either the incident, or the white 4x4 during this time.

"I would especially like to hear from anyone who may have dash cam footage of the area at the time."

If you have any information about this incident, or dash cam footage, please get in touch via our online reporting centre, or via webchat, quoting reference 40/55558/20.

Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpost for bedfordshire for further information.
