```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new operation, which will focus on driving out crime and anti-social behaviour, has been launched to make improvements to the Midland Road area of Bedford.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2019
title: Operation Apex launched to tackle criminality and improve the Midland Road area
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-apex-midland-road-sept19
```

**A new operation, which will focus on driving out crime and anti-social behaviour, has been launched to make improvements to the Midland Road area of Bedford.**

We are working with Bedford Borough Community Safety Partnership on Operation Apex, which is a multi-partnership approach aiming to tackle crime and social issues. It will also provide support to allow local businesses and residents to come together, voice their concerns and work together to improve the area and make it a nicer area to live in.

There are also plans for a multi-agency hub within the area to have a footprint in the town, which will be easily accessible and visible in order to break the cycle of social issues.

Chief Inspector Rachael Glendenning, said: "We have worked with our partners and have already undertaken a number of successful community engagement events and days of action in the Midland Road area, targeting issues such as littering, obstructive parking, drugs and knife crime.

"Earlier in the year, we recovered numerous bags of suspected heroin and drugs paraphernalia during a drugs warrant in Alexandra Road and subsequently secured a closure order on the premises. After a warrant was carried out in a property in Midland Road, five people were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking offences.

"Operation Apex isn't just about tackling criminal issues, but is also about getting the residents of this area to take back their community and be proud of the work they have done in creating a better place to live."

Councillor Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety, said "I'm delighted Operation Apex has been launched and that local partner agencies such as the Council and local police are working closely together with and alongside the community. Midland Road has a strong community of businesses and local residents who are working with us to help make positive changes around the area."

 Information received from the public plays a significant part in helping to build a picture of what type of crime is happening in certain areas.

You can report suspicious behaviour by calling 101, in person at Lime Street Station or on this website. Alternatively you can report information to independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

** **
