```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Crime Reduction team will be holding an engagement day on Tuesday 26 June between 10am and 4pm in Kempston Interchange Retail Park
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Vehicle crime prevention day
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beds-vehicle-crime-prevention
```

**Our Crime Reduction team will be holding an engagement day on Tuesday 26 June between 10am and 4pm in Kempston Interchange Retail Park. **

This event will promote the recently launched "Operation Chain" which aims to reduce vehicle crime in the county. To do this, the team has engaged with a number of partners, including Bedfordshire SpeedWatch, Trading Standards, Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue, Highways England and Road Victims' Trust. Support has also be contributed by TVL ProtectaVan and SelectaMark.

The force would like to invite anyone who is keen to get advice on how decrease the chances of being a victim of vehicle crime, and where to seek information and support, particularly if you are a tradesperson with your own van. Residents will have the opportunity to have their registration plates secured with anti-tamper screws. Additionally, there is a chance to win a prize in a "Vulnerable Vehicle" competition, in which participants will need to identify various 'insecurities' in a competition car. The prize has been donated by Halfords in Rope Walk, Bedford.

Bedfordshire SpeedWatch will be on hand to chat about the work they do to support Bedfordshire Police, how to join the scheme and demonstrate how to operate a Speed Indication Device (SID).

Trading Standards will be able to help you with any questions or doubts about buying a second hand vehicle, about roadworthiness and tyre safety.

An Autoglass representative will be available throughout the day to give advice on windscreen repairs.

Crime Reduction Officer, Lara Curtayne from the Crime Reduction Team said: "We are dedicated to tackling this kind of crime in our county. We would like to invite our communities to join us on the day to learn how to protect their property and vehicles.

"We will be supported by a number of partners and a charity, and we will be working together to keep our county safe."
