```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Luton are appealing for information.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after distraction burglary on elderly victim
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-distraction-burglary-on-elderly-victim
```

### Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Luton are appealing for information.

At around 12pm on Tuesday (13 October) a man knocked on the door of a property in Brays Road, under the pretence he was from the council.

He briefly showed an identification card and told the victim that he needed to check the windows of the property.

The offender went upstairs for a short while and when he left the property the victim realised a quantity of cash was missing from the bedroom.

The man is described as white, around 5' 10", medium build and in his mid-30s. He had light coloured, short hair and was clean shaven. He was wearing a grey anorak, grey suit trousers and had a blue medical style face mask.

Detective Constable Ian Williams, from the force's dedicated Maze burglary team, said: "This is a truly distressing crime that has exploited the vulnerability of an elderly victim.

"Not only has the offender stolen cash from the property, he has invaded the victim's privacy and done so by deceiving them. If you have any information that could assist with our enquiries, please get in touch."

Residents are reminded to be cautious when receiving an unexpected visitor, even if they are claiming to be from a trusted organisation. A genuine caller won't mind returning at a more suitable time when someone you trust who can be there with you.

If you feel the caller is suspicious, always alert the police on 101 or call 999 if you suspect a crime is happening.

You can find more information on Bogus-callers on the force's website

If you have any information that could assist this investigation please report online or call 101 quoting reference 40/55772/20
