```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: With another Bank Holiday weekend coming up, we will be increasing its efforts to prevent and disperse any illegal gatherings and unlicensed music events that may be planned throughout the county.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2020
title: Help stop illegal gatherings and unlicensed music events this Bank Holiday weekend
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-stop-illegal-gatherings-unlicensed-music-events-bank-holiday-weekend
```

### With another Bank Holiday weekend coming up, we will be increasing its efforts to prevent and disperse any illegal gatherings and unlicensed music events that may be planned throughout the county.

It is essential that the police and communities work together to gather intelligence around these events to try and make sure people aren't subjected to large gatherings in their area, which can cause anxiety and worry.

Despite the recent easing of Covid-19 restrictions, these type of events still breach government regulations and can put more people at risk of catching the virus as it can be difficult to practice social distancing when in a large group. It can also encourage and expose people to other types of criminality such as anti-social behaviour, drugs and violence.

Chief Inspector Mark Farrant said: "It is completely understandable that people will want to go out and enjoy this long weekend, especially after a difficult few months, but we are asking anyone who is thinking of attending or hosting one of these events to avoid doing so for the safety of others.

"We also rely on the public in helping us disperse these types of events so if you know of any that are being planned, or have seen posters or messages advertising one, please report it to us.

"We would also like to take this opportunity to urge people living in rural areas to take the time to check that their property entrances are secure, as well as checking for anything suspicious, such as cropped bolts on a gate, flattened or disturbed hedgerows or people in cars or vans stopping to look into a field or climbing over a fence into a field."

You can report any information or any concerns about an event to us via our online reporting tool. Please remember to only call 999 in an emergency.
