```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Between Friday (30 March) and Sunday (1 April), officers patrolled various areas of the county on motorbikes.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2018
title: Off-road bikes seized as force continues clamp down on nuisance bikers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bikes-seized-clampdown-apr2018
```

**Officers seized four off-road motorbikes during three days of action over the Easter Weekend.**

Between Friday (30 March) and Sunday (1 April), officers patrolled various areas of the county on motorbikes as part of Operation Meteor - the force's dedicated initiative to tackle nuisance bikers and dangerous off-road biking.

On Friday (30 March), officers patrolled Dunstable, Caddington and Luton, seizing four bikes. Three were seized by officers near Putteridge Road in Luton, and one was seized while officers were in Stopsley.

On Saturday (31 March), officers took their patrols to Houghton Regis, speaking to members of the public about Operation Meteor.

On Sunday (1 April), officers conducted another day of high-visibility patrols around Sandy, Potton, Bedford, Totternhoe and Houghton Regis.

Luton Community Sergeant Samantha Hunt, whose team carried out the operation, said: "We will continue to carry out proactive operations to tackle off-road biking and anti-social behaviour. I am pleased we have seized four bikes and taken them off the streets of Bedfordshire.

"During the operation, we were able to speak to the community about Operation Meteor. Members of the public were pleased to see our officers working to tackle this issue. Now the weather is getting nicer, we expect to see an increase in this kind of anti-social activity but we'll carry on with our work to crack down on nuisance bikers which continue to be a problem for some of our communities."

Operation Meteor is dedicated to tackle dangerous off-road biking, which often involves riders without insurance on stolen bikes. The operation aims to disrupt offenders and seize and destroy illicit bikes to make sure they are permanently taken off the streets.

The force is urging people to come forward with information about nuisance bikers in their neighbourhood by calling 101 or using our online reporting centre.
