```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A positive day of action in Luton on Wednesday (18 July) saw 13 vehicles stopped and 12 large bags of suspected cannabis plants found.
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2018
title: Successful Luton day of action sees vehicles seized and drugs found
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-kore-success-july2018
```

**A positive day of action in Luton on Wednesday (18 July) saw 13 vehicles stopped and 12 large bags of suspected cannabis plants found.**

We worked with partners from Luton Council and HM Revenue and Customs for Operation Kore, a day of action aimed at tackling illegal waste disposal, unregisters traders, license matters and traffic offences.

A total of 13 vehicles were stopped for a variety of reasons, including one for speeding - later to discover the driver had no license, three for waste removal permit checks and trading standard issues and one for illegal tyres.

Of the 13 stopped, two vehicles were seized, one for being dangerously overloaded with waste and one for illegal fuel.

Following an investigation into the fuel, it was discovered a petrol station in Luton had been selling illegal fuel and has been closed down by Trading Standards for further enquiries.

During the last job of the day, Luton Council alerted the force about a fly-tipping incident, on arrival officers found 12 laundry bags filled with what is believed to be cannabis cuttings and remains of a cannabis factory that had been cleared out.

Temporary Sergeant Richard Cunningham said: "This is a great example of partners working together to tackle issues in Luton. We will not tolerate such crimes in Bedfordshire and we will continue to work together to tackle illegal activity.

"As well as stopping cars we also visited a number of addresses in the area to talk to residents about the work we have been doing, this was well received by the public."

Cllr Aslam Khan, portfolio holder for Safer, Stronger Communities at Luton Council, said: "The council takes a very strong stance against any form of antisocial behaviour and when possible, will always seek to bring action against offenders. I hope the results of this successful operation send out a powerful message to anyone considering flouting the law. Such activity will not be tolerated in Luton."

Operation Kore team
