```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two men from Luton who were stopped after a vehicle was being driven erratically have been jailed for more than eight years for drug offences.
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2021
title: Two men sentenced to more than eight years for drug offences after police traffic stop
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sentenced-drug-traffic-stop
```

### Two men from Luton who were stopped after a vehicle was being driven erratically have been jailed for more than eight years for drug offences.

Jamal Smith, 20, of Gilderdale, and Jayden Roper, 20, of Poplars Close, were arrested on 30 October after police had concerns over the way their vehicle was being driven.

A police patrol spotted the pair's speeding vehicle leaving Poplars Close and officers stopped the car in Felton Close with both Smith and Roper inside.

Following a search, police officers found cocaine and cannabis in Smith's possession.

Roper tried to run away and discard further drugs but was caught by officers, with four bags of cannabis being recovered.

After their arrest, officers also searched their home addresses and found more cannabis in Roper's home.

Smith was sentenced to five years and seven months for possession with intent to supply class A drugs and one year for possession with intent to supply class B drugs, to run concurrently.

Roper was sentenced to two-and-a-half years for possession with intent to supply class A drugs. He was also sentenced to one year for possession with intent to supply class B drugs, one month for escaping from lawful custody and 12 weeks for possession of a bladed article, all to run concurrently.

Both will serve their sentences in a young offender institution.

PC Jordan Lancaster, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "Initially both Roper and Smith claimed that the large number of drugs that officers found following a search was for personal use. Both eventually pleaded guilty to drug dealing.

"Drugs drive some of the most serious crime and are a source of huge misery in our communities.

"Both Smith and Roper are young men who will now spend some of the best years of their life in custody. Hopefully they will reconsider their future choices and lead a life away from drugs and crime."

Anyone with any information about drug dealing can contact us via our website

All of this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help officers get a better understanding of organised crime.

You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

### **Jamal Smith**

### **Jayden Roper**

If you would like to work with people who solve cases like this and help make Bedfordshire a safer place visit our Join us page.
