```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedford community team will be undertaking more patrols at key times around the prison perimeter to deter items such as drugs and phones being thrown over the fence.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2018
title: New operation targeting contraband at Bedford Prison
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-contraband-bedford-prison-dec2018
```

**We have launched a new operation targeting throw overs and other illegal activity at Bedford Prison.**

Officers from the Bedford community team will be undertaking more patrols at key times around the prison perimeter to deter items such as drugs and phones being thrown over the fence.

They will also work more closely with their prison officer colleagues and other agencies to crackdown on the smuggling of other items to prisoners.

Those who take in prohibited items could face a prison sentence of up to 10 years.

Sergeant Ian Leeson, who will be leading the operation, said: "We know that the amount of contraband going into prisons increases in the lead up to Christmas, which is why we will be stepping up our patrols over the coming weeks.

"We are committed to working with our partners such as the prisons services to get a grip on the organised crime that goes on behind bars.

"Those on the outside doing the throw overs and smuggling have been warned: stop what you are doing, otherwise you could find yourselves spending even more time with your mates inside."

Helen Clayton-Hoar, the governor of Bedford Prison, said: "I very much welcome this increased police presence.

"The supply of drugs and other illicit items into the prison causes considerable harm, leading to increased violence within the prison and to the wider public.

"This is a great example of partnership between our organisations as we work together to keep people safe."

Anyone with any information about this activity is asked to contact us through our online reporting centre or by calling 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
