```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: An ex-pub deputy manager and his accomplice have been found guilty of conspiring to rob a Dunstable pub.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2019
title: Ex-pub deputy manager and accomplice found guilty of conspiracy to rob Dunstable pub
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/men-guilty-pub-august2019
```

**An ex-pub deputy manager and his accomplice have been found guilty of conspiring to rob a Dunstable pub.**

Paul Shah, 37, of Winchester Road, Sandy and Adam Urbanowicz, 21, of no fixed address, were found guilty by a jury at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (23 July).

On two occasions in October 2018, the men worked together to set up and carry out robberies in an attempt to steal takings from the business.

On 1 October, Urbanowicz stabbed a man in the leg. Phone data showed a number of calls and text messages between Shah - who had recently left his job as deputy manager of the pub at the time - and Urbanowicz three minutes before the offence took place, and 15 minutes afterwards.

Analysts were also able to place Urbanowicz at the location at the time of the offence using cell site data, despite him claiming he was not in Dunstable at the time.

Three days later, on 4 October, Shah unexpectedly visited the pub at closing time, and offered to stay with the manager as all other staff had left.

After taking the manager for a cigarette, Shah left a fire-door open. Two minutes later, two masked men burst into the location armed with a handgun and demanded money. They made off with £4,000.

Shah purported to be a victim, giving a false statement to police.

Urbanowicz's finger prints were found on a roll of tape that was thrown at Shah by one of the masked men, placing him at the scene, and further phone work showed Urbanowicz had been in contact with Shah an hour before it happened.

Analysis showed that communication between Shah and Urbanowicz increased around the times and dates of the two offences. Urbanowicz's phone also showed frequent phone calls to a taxi company, booking taxis to take him to Shah's address.

Detective Sergeant Zac Kozlowski, who led the investigation: "Our investigation revealed that Shah was in debt, providing a motive for his involvement. With a motive, the phone data showing contact between Shah and Urbanowicz, and Shah's knowledge of the inner workings of the pub this showed that he was not in fact a victim but was involved and involved in orchestrating the offences at every stage."

Shah was found guilty of conspiracy to rob and perverting the course of justice.

Urbanowicz was found guilty of conspiracy to rob and possession of an imitation firearm.

Both were remanded into custody ahead of sentencing in September.
