```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new way of joining policing is to launch in Bedfordshire allowing new recruits the opportunity to gain a degree.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2020
title: New route into policing to launch in Bedfordshire
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-route-policing-june20
```

**A new way of joining policing is to launch in Bedfordshire allowing new recruits the opportunity to gain a degree.**

The implementation of the Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF) will bring a new approach to police training and entry routes into Bedfordshire Police, and the other six forces across the eastern region.

PEQF is the new route into policing which will be the biggest change in policing for a generation. Developed by the College of Policing, PEQF is designed to support the development of policing as a profession, recognising and raising educational standards. It will ensure that all police officers receive the best possible education and professional support to build the skills and capabilities they need throughout their careers.

Together with other forces in the region, Bedfordshire has worked to procure and coordinate the contract with Anglia Ruskin University.

The new entry routes to become a police officer are as follows:

**Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA)** **-** a three-year professional policing degree apprenticeship, providing an exciting opportunity for successful applicants to achieve a degree in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer.

**Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) -** a two-year academic professional policing diploma, providing the opportunity for successful applicants with any degree (except in Professional Policing Practice) to achieve a diploma in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "This new programme of training will continue the work we are already doing to further professionalise policing and ensure our officers are equipped to deal with the ever-changing complexities we are faced with on a daily basis.

"Policing is a fantastic career and we are always looking at ways to encourage a broad spectrum of applicants to join us. I hope the opportunity of gaining this accreditation will be yet another attraction to people who are considering joining Bedfordshire."

Professor Roderick Watkins, Vice Chancellor of Anglia Ruskin University, said: "We are delighted to be working with the seven forces as their preferred provider to deliver PEQF across the eastern region. This is a hugely important initiative for us, and we are committed to working closely with the forces to create and deliver excellent professional training for future police officers."

**Why is it changing?**

The existing Initial Policing Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP) was recognised by the College of Policing as no longer fit for purpose and therefore all police forces will be using the transformative new professional framework, for the training of police officers. The national changes have been implemented to further professionalise policing as a career and reflect and acknowledge the high level of service required from an officer in today's complex and challenging policing environment.

PEQF is part of the 'Policing Vision 2025': an ambitious plan to ensure that policing needs are delivered by a professional workforce equipped with the skills and capabilities necessary for policing in the 21st century.

**What happens next?**

The new programme is due to commence at different stages across the region from as early as 2021.

The seven forces will be working closely with ARU to develop learning material, with ARU focusing on the academic studies as part of the police degree apprenticeship and forces leading on the operational application of policing.

Further information on PEQF can be found on the College of Policing website.
