```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThis incident was absolutely terrifying and I feel disgusted that this man can do this to another human being.\" The words of a victim of sexual assault to Luton Crown Court as her attacker is jailed for eight years."
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2019
title: "\u201CDangerous\u201D offender jailed for Caddington sexual assault"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/caddington-sexassault-jailed-july2019
```

**A victim of sexual assault has told Luton Crown Court that the attack on her in May last year has left her feeling "very vulnerable" and her life is now "on hold".**

Valentine Gonzo, 37, from Gilderdale, Luton, was found guilty of sexual assault by penetration in June after a six-day trial at Luton Crown Court, and was sentenced today (Friday) to eight years in jail. He has been told he will serve a minimum of two thirds of this sentence before parole is considered and will also be on licence for a further four years.

In an impact statement read out to the court, the victim said: "This incident was absolutely terrifying and I feel disgusted that this man can do this to another human being. I feel like life stopped for me at that point, I can't trust people how I used to. I don't have any plans for the future, I live day-to-day now.

On the evening of Friday 25 May 2018, Gonzo met his victim and her friends in Luton town centre and offered them a lift home to Dunstable. After dropping the others off and the victim was alone in the vehicle with Gonzo, he suddenly pulled over on a rural road, close to Caddington. He got out of the vehicle, and opened the passenger door, and forced himself on her and sexually assaulted her.

Despite telling him to stop, and repeatedly pushing him away, he pulled at her clothing, and persistently attacked her.

The victim tried to sound the vehicle horn to summon help, but was unable to escape and Gonzo continued to assault her as he drove towards Dunstable.

As they entered the town, the victim was able to escape from the van and ran to a nearby shop for help, where a staff member called the police. Witnesses saw Gonzo's van leaving the area, and he was later traced and arrested.

The victim went on to say: "The only glimmer of light in this whole terrifying ordeal is the fact there are still people out there willing to help someone in need. It has touched my heart and I'll be forever grateful for everything they did for me that night."

At trial, Gonzo was found not guilty of rape, but the jury ruled that he was guilty of sexual assault by penetration.

His Honour Judge Andrew Bright, presiding, commented that Gonzo displayed "predatory, not opportunistic, behaviour" and said "I have no doubt you went to the club specifically to find a vulnerable young woman". His Honour also commented that Gonzo was "dangerous" and posed "significant harm to the public".

Detective Constable Joanna Tyrrell, from our Emerald unit, specialist investigators into rape and serious sexual assault offences, said: "I am delighted that Gonzo has been jailed for eight years.

"The sentence handed to him today reflects the severity of his offending and he will no longer be a risk to the women of Bedfordshire.

"Now that Gonzo is locked up, we hope that with appropriate support the victim can start to rebuild her life."

Detective Inspector Craig Laws said: "This dangerous man lured a victim into his vehicle on the promise of taking her home. His predatory actions took advantage of this woman's trust in the worst way imaginable.

"Our dedicated team of detectives and specially trained officers, are passionate about providing victims with the right support, bringing perpetrators to justice, whilst ensuring the public is kept safe from dangerous sexual predators like Gonzo.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and partner agencies including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports can be made to police on 101.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing info@emeraldcentre.org or calling 01234 897052.

Always call 999 in an emergency.
