```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are praising a parent who disposed of a knife found in their son\u2019s bedroom in one of the county\u2019s weapons bins."
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: "\u201COne more knife off the streets\u201D \u2013 police praise parent's letter"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-crime-letter-june2019
```

**We are praising a parent who disposed of a knife found in their son 's bedroom in one of the county's weapons bins.**

When officers emptied one of the bins, they found a large knife with a note attached to it from a parent who had found the knife in their son's bedroom.

The note included the lines:

"Unknown history of this knife found in my son's bedroom.

"I am sorry I don't know any more, handing it in [means] one more knife off the streets.

"I despair at the thought of anyone using it, let alone a child of mine."

Superintendent Jaki Whittred, the force's lead for knife crime, said: "It's heartening to receive this note with the knife, and to know that parents are firstly aware of the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife, and secondly are supportive of the work we are doing to tackle knife crime.

"I would urge any parents who find a knife in their child's possessions to do the same - it's important that we do what we can to take knives off our streets, and putting them in weapons bins takes them away from people who could use them to cause harm. There's no excuse for carrying a knife, and those who do carry one may even be putting themselves in more danger and could become a victim of crime themselves.

"If any parents are concerned about their children, there are a number of signs that we would encourage parents to look out for. Changes of behaviour, skipping school, staying out late, and making new friends who they won't let you meet are all signs that your child could be getting involved in serious youth violence."

Further advice to parents is available on the force's website. Visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk and search for 'knife crime'.

Alternatively visit www.noknivesbetterlives.com/parents.

Anyone with information about knife crime in their area is asked to call 101, or visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org \- your IP address and location are not tracked by Crimestoppers.
