```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "A \u201Ccareer criminal\u201D who caused more than \xA3200,000 of damage at HMP Bedford has been jailed for almost 10 years."
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2020
title: "\u201CCareer criminal\u201D jailed for more than nine years"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/career-criminal-jailed-than-nine-years
```

### A "career criminal" who caused more than £200,000 of damage at HMP Bedford has been jailed for almost 10 years.

Anthony Spalding, 31, of no fixed abode, caused substantial damage to a wing at the prison, which cost more than £200,000 to repair. He also assaulted a prison officer.

Spalding was in prison on remand for a separate offence when he committed the damage in October 2018.

At Luton Crown Court on Friday (17 July), he pleaded guilty to the criminal damage to the prison and assaulting prison staff, as well as three counts of robbery and one count of burglary over separate incidents in Dunstable, Houghton Regis and Luton last year.

Spalding's sentence totals nine years and six months:

 * Five years for criminal damage to the prison
 * 18 months for assaulting a prison officer, to be served consecutively
 * Three years for burglary, to be served consecutively
 * Two years and five months for two of the robberies, to be served concurrently
 * Two years and three months for the other robbery, to be served concurrently

Detective Inspector Ian Holden, of the force's Criminal Investigation Team, which investigated the prison offences, said: "We are delighted that Spalding has received a lengthy sentence for the criminal damage and assault.

"He caused significant damage to the prison, displayed extremely violent and reckless behaviour, and caused a person to be injured. We will not tolerate this in Bedfordshire."

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from our specialist Operation Maze burglary team, added: "Spalding is regarded as a prolific offender, he's a career criminal, and I am glad he will now spend a significant time in jail reflecting on his actions.

"The victims who were just carrying out their work at the time of these offences were left very shaken up and I hope this is some justice for them.

"We are committed to tackling robberies and burglaries in Bedfordshire, and our dedicated team works tirelessly to crack down on these offenders and put them behind bars."

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred. Contact 0800 0282887 or visit here for further information

To read more about keeping your business and property secure, visit Bedfordshire Police's website.
