```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in Luton on Sunday (8 March).
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-sexual-assault-luton-mar20
```

**At around 4.20am, a woman pleading for assistance woke residents at an address in Halfway Avenue, Luton.**

Emergency services were called, and she was taken to hospital for treatment to injuries to her arms and legs.

Late on Saturday evening, the woman had been with friends on Chapel Street, but was found on Halfway Avenue, shortly after 4am.

DC Kevin Howes, investigating, said: "This is a concerning incident, and we are following up a number of lines of enquiry as we look to establish the circumstances and support the victim.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the early hours of Sunday morning.

"This vital information could help our investigation." Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Howes on 101 quoting crime reference 40/14314/20, or by calling Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and partner agencies including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports can be made to police on 101. You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing info@emeraldcentre.org or calling 01234 897052. Call us on 101, always call 999 in an emergency.
