```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the death of 45-year-old Sharon Fade spent time in Houghton Regis on Saturday (16 September), appealing for information from the public.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2017
title: Investigation continues into unexplained death
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/investigation-continues-unexplained-death
```

Detectives and PCSOs spent the afternoon in Conquest Road and Parkside Drive speaking to members of the public and appealing for information on Sharon's last movements. Her body was found in undergrowth near Long Meadow last Tuesday (12 September).

Sharon, a mother of two from Houghton Regis, was last seen alive on Saturday 9 September. She was last seen wearing light coloured leggings with a dark pattern, a light coloured t-shirt, a black leather jacket and blue, red and white Nike trainers. She was carrying a black Nike shoulder bag.

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding her death, which is still being treated as unexplained.

Detective Inspector Dani Bailey said: "It's now been just over a week since the body of Sharon Fade was found. While investigations are ongoing, we are still keen to speak to anyone who has any information about her recent movements, or who saw her recently.

"The patrols over the weekend were a great opportunity for us to speak to members of the public in the local area who knew Sharon. But we are continuing to appeal for the public's help and would urge anyone who has any information, no matter how small or insignificant it might seem, to contact us."

Anyone with any information is asked to call police on 101 quoting Operation Packet. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
