```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses after two young women were stabbed during a flat fire in Bedford on Saturday evening (21 March).
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following Ashburnham Road stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-stabbing-march2020
```

**Officers are appealing for witnesses after two young women were stabbed** **during** **a flat fire in Bedford on Saturday evening (21 March).**

At approximately 9.50pm, police were called to reports of a man carrying what is believed to be a machete in Ashburnham Road, Bedford. A few minutes later, police and emergency services were called to reports of a fire at the same address.

Emergency services attended the address and one person was safely rescued from the burning building. The offender was reported to have fled the scene in a red Vauxhall. He was described as white, 5' 7", in his early twenties and possibly wearing a black jacket and grey jogging bottoms.

Shortly after, two young women with stab wounds presented themselves at hospital requiring treatment.

Detective Constable Guy Steel-Jessop, investigating the case said: " We are appealing to anyone who has any information, who was in the area at the time or saw anything that could help our investigation to get in touch with us.

"Not only were two young women stabbed, but a fire was started deliberately. The intent to harm others in this case is clear and it is important that we find those responsible.

"Knife crime will not be tolerated and we are doing all we can to piece together the events that took place to find those responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to call DC Steel-Jessop on 101 or use the online reporting tool www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report quoting reference number 390 of 21 March.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
