```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Luton Community Team has successfully applied for a three-month closure order of a property in Strathmore Walk, Luton.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2020
title: Luton property closed for anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-closure-order-oct20
```

**Our Luton Community Team has successfully applied for a three-month closure order of a property in Strathmore Walk, Luton.**

The property has been reported to the police for being a source of anti-social behaviour and drug crime in the neighbourhood.

Police officers attended the address and found drugs and drug paraphernalia.

Additionally, a wanted man was arrested at the location.

Sergeant Simon Betts, from the South and East Luton Community team, said: "A number of concerns regarding drug use and criminal behaviour was raised to us by our communities.

"We have carried out assessment of the address and worked closely with local council to resolve these issues.

"We are happy with the court's decision to issue a three-month closure order. Hopefully it will provide the reassurance to our residents that we treat all reports of criminal and anti-social behaviour seriously.

"We would also like to encourage our communities to come forward with any concerns, as each report helps us build a better intelligence picture of issues in your area."

If you have concerns about anti-social behaviour, drug dealing or any other criminal activity in your neighbourhood you can report it to the police by submitting an online report through the online reporting centre or by calling 101.
