```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following an armed robbery at a convenience store in Dunstable on Friday afternoon (30 October).
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Appeal for information after armed robbery in Dunstable
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-after-armed-robbery-in-dunstable
```

### Detectives are appealing for information following an armed robbery at a convenience store in Dunstable on Friday afternoon (30 October).

At around 1pm, two men entered the store in Union Street armed with a baseball bat and what was believed to be an air rifle and attempted to take the till box.

One of the men threatened the store manager with the air rifle, whilst the other smashed the screen protector window with the baseball bat.

Both left the store and made off on pedal cycles towards Victoria Street.

The men are described as white and around 20-years-old. One was wearing a face mask and a black tracksuit and the other was wearing a grey puffa jacket with grey tracksuit bottoms.

Detective Constable Rachel Lydon, from the force's Crime Investigation Team, said: "This was a brazen and horrendous attack in the middle of the day, which has left the shop manager extremely shaken up.

"We are appealing for anyone with information about this incident to come forward as this will help us with our enquiries. We will do all we can to catch the people responsible for this and bring them to justice."

Anyone with information is asked or report online or by calling 101 quoting 40/59073/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
