```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are issuing a further warning about telephone scammers, and would particularly ask people to share our advice with their elderly relatives.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Phone scammers warning issued
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warn-phone-scammers-feb2018
```

**We are issuing a further warning about telephone scammers, and would particularly ask people to share advice with their elderly relatives.**

Several elderly Bedfordshire residents have been targeted recently by fraudsters posing as police officers, claiming to have information about fraudulent use of their bank cards. Victims were asked to hang up and call their banks, but the line was kept open by the scammers who then posed as the bank.

Detective Inspector Jackie Dadd, investigating, said: "Such calls are a cruel hoax, which has duped these vulnerable people out of large sums of money. These incidents have been very distressing for the victims and I'd like to remind people to always be vigilant with personal details or banking information.

"I'm also calling on people to share our advice with their elderly neighbours and relatives to help protect them from these scammers. Remind them that a police officer of bank will never ask for your personal financial information over the phone or ask you to make purchases for them.

"If you or they suspect a scam is taking place or you feel vulnerable, hang up, wait five minutes to clear the line, or where possible use a different telephone line, to call police or Action Fraud to report the incident."

**Telephone fraud advice**

 A police officer or bank will never:

 * Ask for your personal financial information over the phone
 * Invite you to make purchases either over the phone, online or in person
 * Ask you to move money from your account
 * Instruct you not to tell anyone about what they are asking you to do, or instruct you to lie to other officials about what you are doing

Remember to always check the caller's credentials.

If you take a call from someone who you believe is not genuine, hang up, and contact either Action Fraud or the police. Where possible use a different phone to make the call in case the fraudulent caller is still on the line.

If you do give your details to someone who you later believe is not credible, it's important that you contact the bank immediately.

If you have any information or would like to report a crime, please call 101.

If you suspect you have been a victim of fraud, call Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or visit www.actionfraud.police.uk. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
