```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to appeal for information in connection to the incident in Eaton Green Road just before 2pm on Monday afternoon.
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2021
title: Attempted murder arrest after Luton stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attemted-murder-luton-stabbing-mar21
```

A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in Luton.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information in connection to the incident in Eaton Green Road just before 2pm this afternoon (Monday).

The victim, a man in his 20s, suffered multiple stab wounds during the attack.

He was taken to hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition. His injuries are not being treated as life threatening.

An armed policing vehicle began pursuing a white Vauxhall Corsa with a black roof linked to the stabbing shortly afterwards in Hertfordshire.

The vehicle ended up in Hitchin and officers detained a man who attempted to flee from the car.

This man, in his 20s from Luton, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and is currently in custody for questioning.

He has this evening been further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, linked to child exploitation.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn said: "This was a really nasty and callous attack which has left the victim with serious injuries.

"While our investigation is at an early stage, this appears to be an isolated incident with no risk to the wider public.

"We have moved swiftly to arrest someone in connection to this - but would be keen to hear from anyone who was in the Eaton Green Road area at this time, or who saw the Vauxhall Corsa as it left Luton and travelled into Hertfordshire.

"We have made huge strides in tackling violence and exploitation linked to organised crime. Serious youth violence was down by nine per cent in Bedfordshire last year, while there were no firearms discharges or serious violence incidents linked to organised crime gangs in the county between August and January.

"So while incidents of this nature are becoming less frequent, we still face huge challenges to prevent this violence and keep our communities safe.

"We will only do this with your help and information so please get in touch with ourselves or Crimestoppers. This information could be invaluable in helping us stop these stabbings in the future."

Anyone with any information which can help our investigation is asked to report it via our online reporting centre or by calling 101, quoting Operation Locksmith.

All of this information goes into our intelligence systems and can help detectives fight organised crime and the serious violence that often comes with it.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously via 0800 555 111 or on their website.

They have a landing page to report concerns about organised crime in Bedfordshire.

For more information about knife crime or getting out of a gang please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
