```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: There has been a rise in coronavirus infection rates in Bedford and the surrounding areas and we are urging you to keep yourself and your loved ones safe by following the advice below and help stop the spread of the virus.
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2020
title: Bedford sees a rise in coronavirus infection rates
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Bedford-coronavirus-infection-rates
```

**Bedford sees a rise in coronavirus infection rates - what you can do to keep yourself and your loved ones safe **

There has been a rise in coronavirus infection rates in Bedford and the surrounding areas and we are urging you to keep yourself and your loved ones safe by following the advice below and help stop the spread of the virus.

**Residents are reminded to:**

 * stay at home as much as possible, and work from home if you can
 * if you have to go out, you must keep a two metre (three steps) distance between you and anyone else who does not live in your home
 * avoid large gatherings
 * wear a face covering, if you can, when in shops or if you are more likely to come into contact with people you do not normally meet or where it is difficult to maintain social distancing measures
 * wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds and especially when you return home
 * if you or anyone in your household have coronavirus symptoms - a new persistent cough, fever, or a loss/change of taste or smell, immediately self-isolate and book a test at nhs.uk/coronavirus

**Test and trace - if you're told you've been in contact with a person who has coronavirus:**

 * stay at home (self-isolate) for 14 days from the day you were last in contact with the person - it can take up to 14 days for symptoms to appear
 * do not leave your home for any reason - if you need food or medicine, order it online or by phone, or ask friends and family to drop it off at your home
 * do not have visitors in your home, including friends and family - except for essential care
 * try to avoid contact with anyone you live with as much as possible
 * people you live with do not need to self-isolate if you do not have symptoms
 * people in your support bubble do not need to self-isolate if you do not have symptoms

**If you get symptoms of coronavirus:**

 * If you get any symptoms of coronavirus (a high temperature, a new, continuous cough or a loss or change to your sense of smell or taste):
 * get a test to check if you have coronavirus as soon as possible
 * anyone you live with must self-isolate until you've been tested and received your result
 * anyone in your support bubble must self-isolate until you've been tested and received your result

Tests are free and are available in Bedford seven days a week. You can book a test by visiting nhs.uk/coronavirus.

Further information will be provided from the NHS based on the results of your test.

You can find out more by visiting the NHS website or the government's website.

Please don't call police on 999 or 101 to report people not wearing face coverings in shops. We understand how frustrating this can be, but it is important to keep our phone lines open for people who need our help in an emergency.

If you have concerns then please raise these with store staff or security personnel who will receive our support if needed.

For more information please visit the Q&A section on our website.

Help us keep Bedford safe from the virus.
