```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our officers, along with colleagues from Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Bedford Borough Council and community safety partners, will be holding a week of action to focus on anti-social behaviour and environmental crime in Tavistock Street and Midland Road areas next week.
publish:
  date: 4 May 2018
title: Police to target community issues during a week of action
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-week-of-action-bedford
```

**Our officers, along with colleagues from Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Bedford Borough Council and community safety partners, will be holding a week of action to focus on anti-social behaviour and environmental crime in Tavistock Street and Midland Road areas next week.**

Between Monday (7 May) and Sunday (13 May), officers from the Bedford Urban Community Team will hold a number of community engagement events and targeted days of action. The issues targeted during this week will vary from littering, building on the 1,454 fines already issued this year and obstructive parking to drug and knife crime. Each day will be focused on a different issue and involve partners including emergency services, Bedford Borough Council, Charities and volunteers.

The issues targeted during this week will vary from littering and obstructive parking to drug and knife crime. Each day will be focused on different problem and the officers will be supported by local authorities and charities.

Activities will include a street clean-up, a charity outreach day and Op Vision events, the force's community engagement days.

Inspector Paul Ayling said: "This initiative is aiming to address issues raised to us by our residents. We are working with our partners to tackle the issues affecting Midland Road and Tavistock Street areas of Bedford and we would welcome any residents wishing to join in during the week."

Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Community Safety Officer, David Lynch said: "Issues in Midland Road and Tavistock Street are complex and so it's important that we work together with our partners and the local community to resolve these and that is what this week of action is all about.

Councillor Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety at Bedford Borough Council said: "These are strong communities. Together we want to send out a clear message that anti-social behaviour and environmental crime will not be tolerated. As well as activities tackling issues raised by residents there will be opportunities to get involved, find out about the work taking place and help us make a difference locally."

Interested people can follow the team's twitter account @NorthBedsPolice. The force and its partners will be using the hashtag #BedfordUplift to tweet about activities throughout the week.
