```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have seen victim satisfaction rates increase by almost five per cent in the last year.
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Victim satisfaction with Bedfordshire Police increases
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/victim-satisfaction-increase-may19
```

**We have seen victim satisfaction rates increase by almost five per cent in the last year. **

According to feedback received between March 2018 and February 2019, victims were more satisfied than in the previous 12 months with the ease of contacting the police, with the actions carried out by officers, and with their experience of follow-up. Overall, achieving a 78 per cent satisfaction rate of their 'whole experience' with dealing with Bedfordshire police.

Detective Chief Superintendent Sharn Basra, the force's victim satisfaction lead, said: "We are really pleased to see this rise in satisfaction rates. Our officers continue to 'think victim' throughout the whole criminal justice process, and when they're dealing with a victim, they give fair treatment, provide information quickly and reassure victims.

"We have seen domestic crimes alone rise by 27 per cent in the county in the past year, and victims of domestic abuse or violence have given us an 87 percent satisfaction rating, which is extremely encouraging and reflects the dedication of our officers and staff in this area.

"Last year also saw the launch of Signpost, a support service for victims of crime and in which we work in partnership. Signpost offers free, confidential, practical and emotional support for anyone affected by crime in Bedfordshire.

"Our officers will refer victims into the service to ensure they are getting the help they need. Trained victim care co-ordinators are able to identify the help someone might need, and also look at what local support is available.

"They also support bereaved relatives, parents or guardians of victims under 18, and members of staff where a business has been the subject of a crime.

"In the year since it was launched, 98 per cent of victims referred into the facility have been satisfied with the service they've received. Working together with Signpost, it is Bedfordshire Police's commitment to put victims at the heart of everything we do."
