```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A team of police officers and staff have embarked on a 200 mile cycle ride to raise money for charity, and in memory of officers who have been killed whilst on duty.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Officers take on 200 mile cycle ride in memory of fallen colleagues
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cycle-ride-fallen-colleagues-jul2019
```

**A team of police officers and staff have embarked on a 200 mile cycle** **ride to raise money for charity, and in memory of officers who have been killed whilst on duty.**

A team of 16 cyclists set off from Bedfordshire Police Headquarters this morning (Friday) and will cycle 200 miles over three days before finishing in Staffordshire on Sunday.

After setting out from Kempston, the team paused at the Jon Henry memorial in Luton town centre to pay their respects to him before continuing on their route. Jon was tragically murdered while on duty in Luton in 2007.

The 200 mile challenge is held every year to raise funds for Care Of Police Survivors (COPS), a charity which supports families of police officers who have died in the line of duty.

The riders will each ride in memory of an officer and will each carry a wristband with the name of a Bedfordshire officer who is included on the National Police Roll of Honour. From Bedfordshire, these officers include:

 * 1983 - PC Geoffrey Ball
 * 1985 - Sergeant Ronald Hunter
 * 1995 - Sergeant Bob Pearman
 * 2006 - PC John Simmons
 * 2007 - PC Jon Henry

The team are grateful to their sponsors for the 2019 event - the Bedfordshire Police Federation, VMS Vehicle Hire, who have supplied a support van to transport supplies for the team, including spare tyres, and GripGrab, who manufacture cycling and running equipment.

Sergeant Emma Carter, from the Bedfordshire Police Federation, said: "It is important we remember every one of our fallen officers and they are not forgotten. COPS charity provides invaluable support to fallen officers and their families.

"Bedfordshire Police Federation sponsor this event and have done so since 2012 when it came to the UK as it's important to support our members and remember those who are no longer with us"

To support the team on their ride, visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/bedsunitytour2019

The force will also be tweeting updates from the ride via their Instagram account: @bedsunitytour
