```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a stabbing in Luton on Sunday (6 May) are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 7 May 2018
title: Witness appeal following Dumfries Street stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnessappeal-dumfriesstreet-stabbing-may2018
```

**Officers investigating a stabbing in Luton on Sunday (6 May) are appealing for witnesses to come forward.**

We were called just after 3pm to reports that a man had been stabbed in the leg during an altercation in Dumfries Street. His injuries are serious, but not life threatening.

The offenders are described as three men; one was wearing a white t-shirt with light coloured blue jeans. He was seen holding an article, believed to be a knife.

The second man was wearing a blue Adidas tracksuit top, a grey cap and dark grey jeans. A third man is described as wearing all grey clothing.

Detective Sergeant Thomas Hamm, investigating, said: "We don't believe this is a random attack, and we are not connecting it to the incident in Bishopscote Road, that also happened yesterday afternoon.

"We are keen to piece together the events leading up to this incident. The victim's injuries were serious, requiring hospital treatment and he remains in hospital.

"We will not tolerate knife crime in our county, and we are keen to speak to anyone who have any information about this incident.

"All information will be treated in the strictest confidence."

Anyone with information is asked to report it through our online reporting centre, or by calling 101, quoting reference number 253 of 6 May.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
