```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: In the run up to Christmas, we are urging people to be aware of, and consider the consequences of, their actions when celebrating.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2017
title: Celebrate safely and sensibly during Christmas
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/christmas-advice-2017
```

**In the run up to Christmas, we are urging people to be aware of, and consider the consequences of, their actions when celebrating.**

During the festive period, we traditionally sees an increase in violent incidents in the evenings, usually as a result of excessive alcohol consumption.

Alcohol is not an excuse for violent behaviour and we are urging people to drink responsibly, particularly asking people not to drink too much before they go out, and drink plenty of water throughout the night.

Chief Inspector Mark Farrant said: "Over the festive period, many people spend time socialising and celebrating with friends and family. However, it is however worth remembering that the consequences of violent or inappropriate behaviour can last a lifetime.

"Each year we see people wake up on Christmas morning in a prison cell, or in hospital, as a direct result of their alcohol-fuelled behaviour. Not only does it ruin their Christmas, but also that of their family and friends.

"Consider how you would rather spend your Christmas: would you prefer to be surrounded by your friends and family eating a huge dinner, or sat alone in a cell knowing that you've destroyed the celebrations of those closest to you? Know your limits, and stick within them."

Further advice has also been issued reminding people of the importance of consent when it comes to sex. If someone has not consented to sex, is too incapacitated to give their consent, or if they have fallen asleep, then pursuing sexual activity with them is a crime.

Chief Inspector Farrant continued: "It is not ok to force sexual acts on someone just because you know them, are in a relationship with them or have had sex with them before. No means no, and if they are unable to give their consent, it's rape."

Find out more about our Christmas safety advice.

If you wish to report a crime - call 101. If the crime is in progress or if it's an emergency, always call 999. You can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
