```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A member of the public has been commended for his bravery during an incident in a Lidl store in Kempston.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Chief Constable commends member of the public for his bravery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chief-constable-commends-member-of-the-public-for-his-bravery
```

### A member of the public has been commended for his bravery during an incident in a Lidl store in Kempston.

In October, Lewis Jarman was the duty store manager at Lidl in Kempston when a man became angry at the tills, produced a knife and was threatening to stab people. Mr Jarman put himself directly in harm's way and created a distance between the man and members of the public as the man proceeded to stab pumpkins in the foyer of the store.

An off-duty officer, Paul Garrad, arrived at the store with his young son and father, saw what was happening and began speaking to the man as he was stabbing the pumpkins. He managed to keep him calm until he was able to disarm him. Officers arrived shortly afterwards and were able to arrest the man.

Mr Jarman was presented with his certificate by Chief Constable Garry Forsyth at Police Headquarters in Kempston, yesterday (Thursday).

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "I would like to say a huge thank you to Lewis for his support with this incident. If it wasn't for the quick thinking and the calm actions of both Lewis and the off duty officer, this incident could have resulted in members of the public, staff or the man being significantly injured.

"Ordinarily I would ask that people do not take matters into their own hands and would encourage you to phone the police instead, but Lewis showed exceptional bravery and felt that it was important that he act quickly before members of the public came to further harm. I am extremely proud of our community, and thank them for their continued assistance."
