```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A firearms surrender campaign run by Bedfordshire Police ended on Sunday (26 November), with almost 40 weapons being safely handed into police.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2017
title: "Almost 40 weapons handed in during Bedfordshire\u2019s firearms surrender"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/gun-surrender-november-2017
```

**A firearms surrender campaign that we ran ended on Sunday (26 November), with almost 40 weapons being safely handed in. **

Bedfordshire residents have been highly engaged with the campaign, which has been running since 13 November, with a variety of unlicensed firearms and ammunition handed in during the two week campaign. These were:

 * Air weapons: 9
 * Imitation weapons: 5
 * Deactivated weapons: 2
 * Shotguns: 10
 * Rifles: 6
 * Handguns: 3
 * Antiques: 4

Several hundred rounds of ammunition were also handed in and the majority of the weapons surrendered were live. The weapons that are deemed to be antique or of significant historical interest will be donated to museums.

Detective Inspector Jackie Dadd said: "I am delighted with the response from the public who have fully engaged in this campaign and helped to make Bedfordshire a safer place to live. The aim of the campaign was to help people dispose of guns safely, especially those who have inherited or come into the possession of an unlicensed firearm.

"It is reassuring to know that the guns surrendered can no longer fall into the wrong hands or cause anyone harm. Incidents of gun crime have a great impact on the community, and such crimes remain a priority for Bedfordshire Police and the force's Boson team, which is dedicated to tackling any kind of gun and gang criminality."

Anyone with information about gun crime including possession of illegal firearms and ammunition is asked to contact police on 101, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
