```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Knives from the county
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Force supports church project to transform surrendered knives into symbol of peace
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knives-sculpture-luton-june2019
```

**Knives collected from Bedfordshire 's weapons bins have been transformed into a sculpture of a phoenix, which was revealed in Luton town centre yesterday (Tuesday).**

Around 200 knives were donated by Bedfordshire Police to St Mary's Church in Luton, who then passed them on to Joe Carey, a sculptor and a member of the St Mary's Church congregation. He designed the phoenix as a symbol of breaking free from violence and rising into life.

Today (Tuesday), the church launched the sculpture with a short film played in Luton Mall. The film featured footage of the sculpture being made, and after the church spoke to the assembled people and invited them to reflect on metaphors of peace making and walk in silence to Luton Town Hall.

The sculpture was then officially unveiled on the steps of the Town Hall where people were invited to walk around it in quiet reflection.

Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire, who attended the unveiling of the sculpture, said: "St Mary's approached us earlier this year with their idea, and asked for our support in donating knives from our weapons bins. They explained to us that they wanted the sculpture to be a visible commitment to peace in Luton, and a phoenix is the perfect symbol of that.

"It's been well documented that knife crime has increased across the country and in Bedfordshire, and as a force we are continuing to work to tackle it. The support of our communities and organisations like St Mary's will be vital in helping us do that.

"I hope when people see the sculpture, particularly young people, it encourages them to think about those who have sadly lost their lives to knife crime, and makes them think twice about carrying a knife."

We are keen to hear from anyone who has information about knife crime in their area. Either call 101, or visit our online reporting centre to submit information.

Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always call 999.
