```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "\u2018Think you know the limits? Don\u2019t drink and drive\u2019 is the message motorists are being given by our road policing officers this Christmas and New Year."
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: "\u2018Think you know the limits? Don\u2019t drink and drive\u2019"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drink-drive-winter-campaign
```

'Think you know the limits? Don't drink and drive' is the message motorists are being given by our road policing officers this Christmas and New Year.

Between December and the New Year, officers from our Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit (BCH RPU) will be out in force targeting those under the influence of alcohol behind the wheel and want to plead with motorists to be sensible in their decision-making to get behind the wheel during the festive season.

Inspector Jamie Langwith, of our roads policing unit, said: "Any amount of alcohol affects your ability to drive so we are asking people to do one or the other. We advise if you're drinking, even just one, don't drive and arrange an alternative way of getting home.

"Drinking creates a feeling of overconfidence, makes judging distance and speed more difficult and slows your reactions so it takes longer to stop and therefore is a contributing factor to a majority of collisions and fatalities on our roads.

"We see first-hand the effect that 'one more drink' can have for people's own lives and jobs but also that of their families and friends and in some cases their victims. If you are driving over the festive season, please don't take the risk of having any alcoholic drinks."

Find out more about drink driving.

To report a drink driver, call us on 101, or in an emergency, if lives are at risk, call 999.
