```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Organisations across Bedfordshire are urging people to say something if they see something and help combat child sexual exploitation (CSE).
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Say something if you see something on National CSE Awareness Day
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cse-awareness-day-march19
```

Today (Monday) is National Child Sexual Exploitation Awareness Day and organisations across Bedfordshire are urging people to say something if they see something and help combat child sexual exploitation (CSE).

CSE is a type of sexual abuse which sees a child taken advantage of and sexually abused. They will receive something (i.e. gifts, alcohol, or even love) in exchange for performing sexual activities either on the person exploiting them or someone else.

National Child Sexual Exploitation Day aims to raise awareness of the issue, and we are encouraging people to learn how to spot the signs of CSE - as well as to speak out if they suspect something.

Today the Pan Bedfordshire Local Safeguarding Children Board is holding a CSE seminar focusing on the fact that it happens to boys too and on Thursday a number of hoteliers from across Bedfordshire will be attending a training conference to learn about the signs of CSE.

Detective Superintendent John Murphy, Head of the Bedfordshire Police Public Protection Unit, said: "Tackling child sexual exploitation is an absolutely crucial priority for us and we're committed to working alongside our partners to bring those responsible to justice while providing support for victims

Lisa Robinson, CSE and Missing Coordinator in Bedfordshire, said: "The National Child Sexual Exploitation Awareness Day aims to highlight the issues surrounding CSE.

"Within Bedfordshire, we encourage everyone to think, spot and speak out against abuse. CSE is child abuse and we need to continue working together to safeguard children."

Signs that a child is being sexually exploited include behavioural changes, alcohol and/or drug misuse, self-harm, being absent from school, going missing regularly, acting secretively, and receiving unexplained gifts or money - to name just a few.

There are a number of organisations that you can report your concern to who can also provide further advice; and by speaking out you could be helping to protect more children from suffering this terrible abuse.

If you'd like to report suspicions around CSE please contact police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

You can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

For further information about CSE visit _www.bedfordshireagainstcse.org_
