```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s Chief Constable Jon Boutcher has welcomed the latest HMICFRS report which has graded the force as good for legitimacy in the way it staff and officers treat the public with fairness and respect."
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2017
title: Bedfordshire Police welcomes HMICFRS report
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hmicfrs-report-december-2017
```

**Bedfordshire Police 's Chief Constable Jon Boutcher has welcomed the latest HMICFRS report which has graded the force as good for legitimacy in the way it staff and officers treat the public with fairness and respect. **

Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) gave the force an overall grading of 'good' in its PEEL: Police Legitimacy 2017 report published today (Tuesday 12 December) which stated: "Bedfordshire Police is judged to be good at how legitimately it keeps people safe and reduces crime. For the areas of legitimacy we looked at this year, our overall judgment is the same as last year. The force is judged to be good at treating all of the people it serves with fairness and respect, and has been judged to be good at ensuring its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully and in treating its workforce with fairness and respect."

Responding to the report Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "I am delighted with the findings in this latest HMICFRS report which is testament to all of the hard work which is being done every day by our officers and staff to embed a culture of openness, integrity, respect and embracing difference.

"Our approach is to be open and transparent in every aspect of policing the county, which was recognised in a range of areas including our work with stop and search. It is pleasing to be graded 'good' at keeping people safe and reducing crime, and that our workforce treats people with fairness and respect. Protecting people is at the very core of our values at Bedfordshire Police and engaging with our communities to build trust and confidence is paramount in achieving that aim."

This latest HMICFRS report (based on an inspection of the force which took place in June 2017) went on to say: "the force has improved the extent to which all officers and staff treat the public with fairness and respect. The workforce understands the importance of effective communication skills and has some understanding of how personal bias can affect decision making. In Bedfordshire police, independent challenge and advice, together with internal scrutiny and oversight, improve how the workforce treats members of the public. In particular, the force carefully monitors the use of coercive powers, such as stop and search, which demonstrates its strong commitment to improving how it treats the people it serves with fairness and respect."

Commenting on the report findings HM Inspector of Constabulary Matt Parr said: "I am pleased to report that Bedfordshire Police is judged to be good at how legitimately it keeps people safe and reduces crime. Although this is the same as last year's grade, there has been further improvement.

"The force is committed to ensuring its officers and staff treat the public with fairness and respect. Coercive powers such as stop and search are carefully monitored, for example.

"The force promotes an ethical culture and an ethical approach to decision making, with its leaders acting as positive role models. The force makes it easy for people to make a complaint, including offering additional support to those who need it.

"The force is good at treating its workforce with fairness and respect. Leaders encourage feedback and challenge from their staff, mistakes are generally admitted and feedback provided. It takes care to look after the wellbeing of officers and staff. I would, however, like to see more done to help supervisors support their staff."
