```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for witnesses, following two incidents in Houghton Regis and Dunstable involving motorcycles which left a woman and a girl injured.
publish:
  date: 29 Aug 2019
title: Ongoing appeal following motorcycle incidents
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-motorcycles-incidents-aug19
```

**We are continuing to appeal for witnesses, following two incidents involving motorcycles which left a woman and a girl injured.**

The first incident took place at 11am on Monday 19 August, on Houghton Regis High Street, outside the dental surgery.

A woman in her 70s had her handbag grabbed by three males on a motorbike, who had come from the direction of Cemetery Road. The victim was pulled to the ground due to the speed at which the bag was grabbed. She required hospital treatment for her injuries. They made off without the handbag.

An eight-year-old girl was knocked off her bicycle by a motorcycle with a rider and two passengers on Crabtree Way, Dunstable at around 3pm on Tuesday 20 August.

She sustained serious, but not life-threatening injuries, and is recovering.

Two men and a 17-year-old boy have been bailed in connection with these incidents, and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Grant Maxted, investigating, said: "We are investigating both incidents, and are still keeping an open mind as to any links between the two.

"These offences resulted in injuries to both victims, and we are re-appealing for any information from the public, which will further help us establish the circumstances.

"We remain keen to hear from anyone who was in either Houghton Regis or Dunstable at these times, and who may have any dash-cam, or mobile phone footage of these bikes to assist with our enquiries."

Anyone with information, or with footage is asked to call DI Maxted on 101 quoting Op Benevento, or report information via our online reporting centre.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
