```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s \u2018One Punch, Two Lives\u2019 campaign has entered its third phase, as the force\u2019s dedicated Schools Officers have started spreading the message about the campaign amongst schools in the county."
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: "Force's \u2018One Punch, Two Lives\u2019 campaign continues"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-punch-schools
```

Our 'One Punch, Two Lives' campaign has entered its third phase, as our dedicated Schools Officers have started spreading the message about the campaign amongst schools in the county. ****

We launched the campaign in August, aiming to educate people about the deadly consequences that throwing just one punch can have.

During the first part of the campaign, officers worked with licensed premises across the county. Staff wore 'One Punch, Two Lives' t-shirts over the August Bank Holiday weekend, and posters were displayed at various establishments reiterate the campaign's messaging.

The campaign continued into Fresher's Week, when we worked to deliver our message to students new to the county to discourage them from resorting to violence during nights out during their first few weeks at University and gave information about personal safety.

Now, we've delivered a set of materials to schools so they can share messaging with pupils. The materials include a case study previously featured in an episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody, and a hard hitting video from the sons of a man who was killed after a single punch.

Detective Superintendent Liz Mead, who is leading the campaign, said: "We continue to work closely with schools to speak to pupils about a range of topics, as engaging with them and educating them on the consequences of their actions is key. Our community teams and Schools Officers are available to go into any educational establishment and present to students, and for this campaign we have made a set of materials available which are being presented in assemblies for awareness and discussion.

"The impact of one punch on two lives can be tragic and there are wider implications for the victim's family and the person that throws the punch that cannot be underestimated. Think before you act and walk away is the message we would like people to take away from this well supported campaign."
