```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 27-year-old drug user has been jailed for a knife-point robbery in Bedford, and a number of thefts from a department store.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2019
title: Man jailed for Bedford knife-point robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knifepoint-robbery-bedford-august2018
```

**A 27-year-old drug user has been jailed for a knife-point robbery in Bedford, and a number of thefts from a department store.**

Jerome Trim, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to the robbery and possession of a knife in a public place, as well as three counts of theft and was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Monday (19 August).

On 12 October, Trim approached the victim, a man in his 50s who had just left a convenience store on London Road. He showed him a knife and shouted "give me your wallet," before grabbing and restraining the victim.

He pinned his arms while another man, who has not been identified, searched the victim's pockets to find his wallet. They then let him go and Trim entered the a bookmakers to use one of the gambling machines.

After leaving the betting shop, and on seeing his victim again, he threatened "next time I will kill you." Trim was jailed for 32 months for the robbery, and received four months, to run concurrently, for possession of a bladed article in a public place.

He was also given a further four months each, also to run concurrently, for three offences of theft. Trim was seen on CCTV stealing various items to the value of £820 from Debenhams in Bedford on 9, 12 and 14 July.

DC Gareth Jones, who investigated the case, said: "We are pleased Trim is going to jail. This was a particularly nasty robbery where he showed no remorse and said he targeted the victim because 'he is old and frail and would not put up a fight.' Anyone preying on the vulnerable, or carrying a bladed weapon, can expect a jail sentence, as we take crimes of this nature very seriously and we will work hard to track down the perpetrators."

Anyone with any information about crime can contact us on 101 or by reporting online or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
