```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers and PCSOs from the North Community Policing Team were out and about in Bedford town centre last week as part of Operation Highgate.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2017
title: Force committed to driving down anti-social behaviour in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-highgate-bedford-november
```

**Officers and PCSOs from the North Community Policing Team were out and about in Bedford town centre last week as part of Operation Highgate. **

Six PCs and six PCSOs ran the operation, which aims to reduce anti-social behaviour in the town centre such as street drinking, drug dealing and nuisance behaviour. As well as patrolling the area, officers were based at the mobile police station giving crime prevention advice and listening to concerns of local residents.

During the day, officers met around 100 people and gave out 50 sets of purse bells, 30 timers for lights, 20 personal alarms and 28 UV pens which can be used for property marking. PCSOs are now also working to support a homeless man who had been sleeping in the town centre, working with partners to find suitable housing for him.

Inspector Paul Ayling said: "The team spent the day in the town centre and patrolling the streets in the immediate area, and got the chance to speak to lots of members of the public as well as local businesses who welcomed our presence. Anti-social behaviour is a concern for our residents, and we are committed to addressing the issues that matter to them. As well as engagement events like this, we continue to work with partners from the council and other organisations, to make Bedford town centre a great space that everyone can enjoy."

Cllr Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety and Regulatory Services said: "Anti-social behaviour has no place in our community and together we will support one another as we work towards the most effective solutions. Nothing should hinder someone from having a positive experience of visiting or living in our town."
