```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: On Tuesday (17 March), a homeless man in Leighton Buzzard, helped rescue a child from a burning building.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2020
title: Homeless man rescues child from building fire
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/homless-rescue-child-march20
```

On Tuesday (17 March), a homeless man in Leighton Buzzard, helped rescue a child from a burning building.

On Tuesday evening, Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to reports of a building fire in North Street, Leighton Buzzard. The fire originated in the first floor kitchen of a three storey terraced building and was believed to have been started by a cooking appliance.

Jason Barry, a rough sleeper in Leighton Buzzard saw the incident and rushed to assist at the scene. PCSO Rachel Carne of the Leighton Community Policing Team met with Jason who told her he; "caught the toddler in his sleeping bag".

Prior to crews arriving at the scene, Jason caught the child who was lowered from the first floor window. Three other members of the same family were rescued and led to safety by Firefighters.

PCSO Rachel Carne, from the local community team, said: "Jason didn't think twice to go and help a person in need and help them save their child.

"I think this is an extremely commendable thing to do and we are very impressed with altruism and his selfless action."

Chief Fire Officer Paul Fuller said: "I would like to thank Jason for his brave efforts. In a life-threatening incident like this, quick actions are key to saving lives, and for that he should be incredibly proud.

"I'd also like to thank the crews who rescued several further people from the building and the support from police colleagues for their help and support at the incident."
