```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are urging people to continue playing their part in helping prevent the spread of coronavirus by taking a reasonable approach to the government\u2019s latest guidance."
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: Public urged to play their part in preventing spread of virus
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/public-preventing-virus-may20
```

**We are urging people to continue playing their part in helping prevent the spread of coronavirus by taking a reasonable approach to the government 's latest guidance.**

The government moved to relax some measures this week, meaning people can now take unlimited exercise, travel for non-essential reasons, and return to work where it is not possible to work from home.

However, people must still only meet with only one person outside their household at a time - in a public space, and continue to observe social distancing when interacting with anyone outside of their household. This means that large gatherings are still not permitted, nor is visiting friends or relatives at their home.

Deputy Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst said: "We're hugely grateful to all those in Bedfordshire who have sacrificed so much over the past two months by staying home and helping to stop the spread of this awful virus.

"The vast majority of people have been complying with the government guidelines, and we have been out and about engaging with those who were not to explain the importance of doing so and encouraging them to go home. We have had to issue some fines, but on the whole it has been a real collective effort across the county.

"I totally understand how hard this has been for many, with so much uncertainty around employment and the added anxiety of not seeing friends and loved ones. Hopefully some of that strain will be eased now we've moved into the next phase, which allows people to go out more and hopefully return to work where they cannot from home, but it is imperative that we don't undo everything we have achieved in managing the spread of the virus.

"Take advantage of the opportunity to exercise and get some fresh air - but please resist the temptation of going to friends' or relatives' houses, and maintain social distancing as much as possible. "It is likely these restrictions will be with us for some time, but the fewer risks and more precautions people take, the greater chance we have of saving lives and the sooner we can return to normal."

A refreshed Q&A section has been added to the force website which give further detail on what the changes mean.
