```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Bedfordshire Police are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Biggleswade where a woman was threatened inside her own home.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2021
title: Police launch investigation into Biggleswade aggravated burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/biggleswade-aggravated-burglary-Feb21
```

Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Biggleswade where a woman was threatened inside her own home.

At around 8pm on Sunday (14 February), two men entered a property on Lawnside, carrying a knife and what was believed to be a handgun, before carrying out a messy search at the property.

The men left with cash and jewellery.

The first man is described as white, in his mid-20s, approximately 6' 4'' and of slim build. He was wearing a green, knee-length Parka coat with a fur-trimmed hood which he wore up.

The second man is described as black, also in his mid-20s, approximately six feet tall and of average build. He was wearing a black tracksuit with the hood up, a black beanie hat and a surgical face mask. He was also wearing a green Parka.

Detective Constable Karl Heywood, from our Crime Investigation team said: "This was a serious incident which has left the victim terrified.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have information that could assist our investigation and track down those responsible. If you were in the area at the time, did you see the offenders either prior to, or after the incident, or did you see anyone acting suspiciously?

"We would also like to hear from anyone who may have CCTV, or dash cam footage, that could help us identify these offenders."

Anyone with information is asked to report it via our online reporting tool at https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/ or by calling 101, quoting reference number 40/7613/21.
