```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty lorries have been stopped as part of a police-led operation to tackle illegal immigration and human trafficking.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: Operation targeting human trafficking and immigration sees a number of lorries stopped
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/immigration-operation-nov20
```

**Thirty lorries have been stopped as part of a police-led operation to tackle illegal immigration and human trafficking.**

Bedfordshire Police worked with the Immigration Enforcement, Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency, as well as other forces, to carry out the searches at Toddington Services on Wednesday (25 November).

Working alongside Devon and Cornwall Police, Thames Valley Police, Essex Police and Hampshire Police, the operation resulted in 30 lorry stops, 22 lorries dealt with for infringements and £300 worth of fines issued.

Bedfordshire Police has received a number of reports of people entering the country illegally in lorries and alighting at Toddington Services, and this information helped shape the operation.

This operation ran simultaneously to one in Newport Pagnall Services.

Sergeant Andre Tringham, from Bedfordshire Police's Modern Slavery and Organised Immigration National Crime Unit, said: "We know that Toddington Services and Newport Pagnell Services are being used by human traffickers for clandestine entry.

"We will not tolerate these horrific crimes in our county and we will continue to run these proactive operations; to potentially protect and safeguard vulnerable people at risk of exploitation, as well as identify those peddling in this human misery.

"I hope this sends a strong signal to the traffickers that Bedfordshire is a hostile place to commit any form of exploitation, and we will continue to run operations to tackle it.

"It was great to work closely in partnership with all the different agencies and forces in order to execute this operation. It was also a great opportunity to talk to people who work or frequently use these services and make them aware of these issues."

Anyone with concerns that someone may be a victim of trafficking, or has information about trafficking, should report it to Bedfordshire Police on 101 or confidentially to the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700. In an emergency, always call 999.
