```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Are you bored of your day job and looking for a new challenge, somewhere where you can make a real difference to people\u2019s lives?"
publish:
  date: 10 May 2018
title: Calling all budding detectives - Information event dates
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/detective-recruitment-events-May2018
```

Are you bored of your day job and looking for a new challenge, somewhere where you can make a real difference to people's lives?

Do you think you've got what it takes to uncover the truth about complex crimes and put serious criminals behind bars?

We currently have a fantastic opportunity for those who want to embark upon a career as a detective, with our new Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP).

The programme, which has not been run before in Bedfordshire, will see successful applicants completing 16 weeks of training and a two year probation period. After a year as a PC, if they meet the necessary requirements, they can complete the training needed to obtain a qualification to enable them to become a detective.

We are hosting three information events next week for people who would like to find out more about the programme, and about what life is like as a detective. They are:

 * Monday 14 May at Police Headquarters in Kempston from 6.30pm - 8.30pm - register here: bit.ly/2wweKjI
 * Thursday 17 May at University of Bedfordshire's Luton campus (Room G101) from 6.30pm - 8.30pm - register here: bit.ly/2G1vTkV
 * Sunday 20 May at the Rufus Centre, Flitwick from 10am - midday - register here: bit.ly/2rDARA3

You may need to copy and paste the links above into your browser to register.

Two detectives have written blogs about what it's like to be a detective with Bedfordshire Police. Detective Inspector Jackie Dadd - who says "You work long hours, but getting a great result for your victim makes it worth it." - and Detective Sergeant Tom Hamm - who says "I can't stand any kind of injustice… and that's why I do this." \- have given an insight into what it's like to investigate some of the most serious crimes.

Recruitment for detectives will close on 3 June. Applicants are invited to complete an online application form. After a paper sift, successful candidates will be invited to take part in a national, independent assessment that every potential recruit must attend to demonstrate they meet the standards required of police officers. Those who pass the assessment centre will then be invited to an interview.

Find out more about the ADCP programme
