```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Were you in the Campbell Close or Bedford Road, Kempston at approximately 5.45pm? Did you witness a shooting?
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2018
title: Appeal after reports of shots fired in Kempston
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shots-fired-kempston-august18
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after an incident in Kempston last night (Thursday).**

At approximately 5.45pm officers were called to reports that a man had been threatened with a gun in Campbell Close. Further reports were then received that a man was shooting from a car in Kempston between Campbell Close and Bedford Road.

Detective Inspector Andy Southam said: "This is a concerning incident, in which fortunately no-one was injured, and we would like to reassure the public that we are carrying out a full and thorough investigation into the circumstances.

"We have also been carrying out additional high visibility patrols in the area and we would urge anyone who has any concerns to speak to our officers if they see them out and about.

"In addition, we are urging anyone with information about the incident to get in touch. In particular, we are appealing for anyone who witnessed a blue Toyota Aygo travelling in Kempston to contact us."

A 16-year-old boy from Kempston has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and a number of driving offences. He has been taken to police custody for questioning.

Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to contact us on 101 quoting Operation Goldleslie.

At around 7pm, also in Bedford Road, a woman was involved in a collision with a car. Officers responding to the reports of a shooting were nearby and provided assistance until other emergency services arrived at the scene, however unfortunately the woman was pronounced dead at the scene.

The collision is not linked to the shooting incident and we are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision to contact us on 101 quoting Operation Folley.

You can also give information about either of the incidents online via our online reporting centre.
