```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Matthew Mcbride, 39, of no fixed abode, was sentenced on Friday (18 April) at Luton Crown Court for four counts of burglary, one count of fraud and one vehicle interference.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Prolific burglar who targeted Luton homes jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-sentence-apr20
```

**A prolific burglar has been jailed for 2 years and eight months after being forensically linked to burglaries in Luton.**

Matthew Mcbride, 39, of no fixed abode, was sentenced on Friday (17 April) at Luton Crown Court for four counts of burglary, one count of fraud and one vehicle interference.

The Judge also took into consideration a further two burglaries and a theft which Mcbride had been linked to prior to sentence.

On 29 July, Mcbride gained access to a property in Park Street and stole numerous electrical items. CCTV from the incident, identified two men gaining access from a window.

On 15 October, he gained access to an outhouse at a property in Hibbert Street and stole a generator and golf clubs. Mcbride was caught on CCTV at the property and seen entering a cash converter store on the same day, he was later identified by officers.

On 17 October, Mcbride gained access to a property in Tennyson Road, whilst the occupants were sleeping and stole a car and other items.

On 30 October, occupants of a property in Putteridge Road returned home to find a number of items stolen including purses and electrical items. When Mcbride was arrested, a number of stolen items were recovered.

Our dedicated burglary team Operation Maze and officer in charge Jason Wheeler forensically linked McBride to finger prints left at the properties, and then identified him from CCTV footage from the different locations.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler said: "It's great news that we have taken this prolific burglar off the streets of Bedfordshire and we hope this is some justice for the victims. I hope it shows the public how seriously we take such incidents, and how hard we're working to keep them safe, especially in the current situation.

"Burglary is still a key priority for the force and our dedicated unit will continue to deal with burglary offences. We continue to target those individuals who think this despicable behaviour in Bedfordshire is acceptable.

"It is also a good time to remind the public of our burglary prevention advice and the importance of double locking doors, windows, sheds and garages.

"In these instances CCTV was effective in securing McBride's sentence, so where possible, and if financially beneficial, invest in a CCTV system as it not only acts as a deterrent, it also helps an investigation."

To read more of our burglary advice visit our website.

To report suspicious behaviour call 101 or visit our online reporting tool. In an emergency always call 999.
