```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police is appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Luton.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Witness appeal following Luton distraction burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-distraction-burglary-dec20
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Luton.

On Monday (14 December) at 3.15pm, an elderly man was approached after he got off the bus in Graham Gardens by a man claiming that he had locked his keys in his vehicle and needed money to get to Dunstable and back.

The victim gave him £50, along with his address so the man could repay him the money.

At 5pm the same day, the suspect attended the victim's address to repay the money. Whilst inside the property he distracted the victim and stole £2,000 in cash along with an item which had sentimental value to the victim.

The man is described as Asian, in his early 20s, of slim build and approximately 5'6''. He was wearing dark trousers, a black face mask, a dark baseball cap and a black puffer jacket.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, who is investigating, said: "This brazen offence against a vulnerable man has left the victim shaken.

"This happened in a busy road in broad daylight. I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed anything suspicious to come forward.

"If anyone has experienced a similar offence in the area, please get in touch. Plus, if anyone has seen an old brown wallet held together with duct tape discarded somewhere, please could they let us know as it was sentimental to the victim.

"I would also like to use this opportunity to encourage people to talk to their elderly neighbours, friends or relatives about staying vigilant around who they invite into their homes.

"In current times, no matter how urgent it seems, nobody should accept any unsolicited visitors without checking the person's credentials before letting them into your home."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact DC Jason Wheeler on 101, or visit the online reporting centre, quoting reference number 40/67380/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crime stoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.

Bedfordshire Police are asking for your support in encouraging your vulnerable relatives, friends or neighbours to take extra care when answering the door to people they do not know.

Please remind others of the advice below:

 * Where possible, only answer the door if you know a member of your family, a friend, a carer or a pre-arranged tradesperson is visiting.
 * If you have an unexpected caller, use a door chain when answering the door, or speak to them through a window.
 * Ensure any other doors to the property are locked before you answer the front door.
 * If unsure of the visitor's identity, always ask for their ID first and telephone the company they are purporting to be from. Use the telephone number listed in your local directory or provided independently by your service provider.
 * Many service providers, when they are making the appointment with you, are happy to arrange for their representative to use a password of your choosing.
 * Never agree to any work that the caller claims needs to be done to your home. It is okay to say NO and turn the person away.
 * If you are able, report the incident to the police on 101 with as much detail as you can provide.
 * Even if the person at your door gives you a convincing story as to why they need to enter your house, if you were not expecting them, turn them away immediately and report it to the police on 101.
