```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery that took place on Saturday (7 July) in Carmelite Road, Luton.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: Police appeal for witnesses following brazen robbery in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-leagrave-robbery-carmelite-road-july18
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery that took place on Saturday (7 July) in Carmelite Road, Luton.**

At approximately 9am, an elderly couple were walking towards the bus stop on Leagrave High Street when a man approached them on a push bike. The offender then rode between them and grabbed the woman's handbag, causing her to fall to the ground. He then rode off towards Leagrave High Street.

The offender is described as large, white, approximately 18-years-old, with short brown hair. At the time of the offence he was seen wearing a big fawn/brown coloured jumper with a chequered pattern and a pair of dark trousers.

Detective Constable James Bateman, investigating, said: "We would like to speak to anyone with information about this cruel daylight robbery. The victim of this nasty crime sustained injuries which required hospital treatment.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour and we would like to ask anyone who was in vicinity in that time, has dash cam footage or found an abandoned handbag or purse nearby the location of this incident to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police through the online reporting centre quoting reference number 40/10061/18 or call 101 and ask for DC James Bateman. If you wish to remain anonymous you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred. Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
