```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Major Crime Unit (MCU) have executed a warrant following a shooting in Princess Street, Luton.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: Weapon and drugs found as police continue to seek people responsible for Princess Street Shooting
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-sandford-warrant-sept2019
```

**Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit (MCU) have seized a number of items - including a weapon and some drugs - following a warrant in relation to a shooting in Princess Street, Luton.**

Armed police executed a warrant at a property in Princess Street last night (Tuesday) and seized a number of items.

The warrant follows the incident on Saturday (21 September), in which emergency services attended Princess Street to find a man had been shot, and a car had collided with a house.

One man was treated at the scene and then taken to hospital, where he remains in a critical condition.

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses, or anyone who was in or around the area at the time, who may be able to help the investigation to come forward.

Detectives in the Major Crime Unit have also released images of the car involved - a black Toyota Auris - to try and jog the memory of any potential witnesses, as well as a map of the route they believe the offenders may have used to leave the scene.

Detective Inspector Jerry Waite, leading the investigation, said: "We believe the incident could be drugs-related and our investigation remains ongoing. We continue to gather evidence. Princess Street remains closed while our enquiries are ongoing, but local residents are free to enter and leave their properties.

"We're still urging members of the public to come forward if they know who is responsible, or saw the incident. There were a group of football supporters in the area who were making their way home following the match. We don't believe they were involved, but we are keen to hear from any of them if they saw anyone in the vicinity of Princess Street or Wellington Street, or anyone who was running from the direction of Princess Street."

Anyone with any information can also pass it on anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

Alternatively, call 101 quoting Operation Sandford or visit the MCU crime reporting portal.
