```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Detective Chief Inspector Marie Gresswell said: \u201CWe are releasing this e-fit image in the hope that someone will recognise the man depicted and help us progress our investigation.\""
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Police release e-fit image following Kempston assault
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/efit-kempston-assault-dec20
```

We have released an e-fit image following an assault in Kempston earlier this month.

At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 15 December, a woman was walking along Bedford Road, Kempston, when she was assaulted by a man near the bushes behind the bus stop, opposite the junction with Whitbread Avenue.

She sustained serious facial injuries as a result of the attack.

The man is described as wearing a light-coloured jacket, jeans, and trainers.

The woman was wearing a mustard coloured puffa style coat, with a fur trimmed hood.

Detective Chief Inspector Marie Gresswell said: "We are releasing this e-fit image in the hope that someone will recognise the man depicted and help us progress our investigation.

"We understand that this incident is very concerning for the local community and would like to reassure you we are taking it incredibly seriously and doing all we can to find the man responsible. "We are pursuing a number of lines of enquiry as well as supporting the victim."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us on 101, quoting Operation Casper.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, you can contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact visit their website.
