```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our force won the Embrace Child Victims of Crime (CVOC) Fundraising Force of the Year 2018 award, at an event in London yesterday.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police wins prestigious fundraising award
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/embrace-award-oct18
```

**We have won the Embrace Child Victims of Crime (CVOC) Fundraising Force of the Year 2018 award, at an event in London yesterday (Thursday).**

Embrace CVOC is a national charity which has worked tirelessly for 25 years to help young people who have been victims of crime. They provide emotional support and try to bring normality into the lives of teenagers and children who have been affected by crime, as well as their families

The force has been supporting the organisation for 13 years, and in this time has raised more than £100,000. Throughout this time, a dedicated committee has organised numerous events such as sponsored sporting challenges, raffles, bake sales, auctions and quiz nights, with all the profits being donated to the charity.

Current chair of the Bedfordshire Police Embrace CVOC committee, Detective Superintendent Liz Mead, said: "It is a privilege to support this charity and it is humbling for Bedfordshire, such a small force, to win such a prestigious award. This is a team award for everyone involved in organising, supporting and donating to this amazing life changing charity. We are committed to continuing our efforts and welcome any ideas or contributions to raise the next £100k!

"There are so many children who have been affected by crime and we want to work together to give them the support and sometimes a feel-good moment in their lives through the wide range of services that Embrace: CVOC is able to provide."

Detective Constable Sharon Ellis and Detective Sergeant Paula Bozward, who are also on the committee, added: "We would like to thank every person, colleague and department for their contribution over the years. There is no donation too small and we wouldn't have been able to raise this much money without your help".
