```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has pleaded guilty to a distraction burglary, after pretending to be from a charity helping elderly people during the Covid-19 pandemic.
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Woman pleads guilty to Bedford bogus charity distraction burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-pleads-guilty-bedford-bogus-charity-distraction-burglary
```

### A woman has pleaded guilty to a distraction burglary, after pretending to be from a charity helping elderly people during the Covid-19 pandemic.

Melissa Hopkins, 35, of Edinburgh Drive, Wisbech, pleaded guilty to burglary with violence on Friday (25 September) at Cambridge Crown Court.

On 20 May, Hopkins visited a property in Oak Road, Bedford, and claimed to be from a charity offering elderly and vulnerable people support during the pandemic. She was donating bread and milk to the victim and it was under this pretence she was allowed into the property.

While inside the property, Hopkins made her way upstairs and when the victim followed her she pushed past him knocking him off balance, before searching his pockets and making off with his wallet which contained £200.

The victim also noticed his telephone line had been pulled out and that his will documentation was missing.

Scenes of Crime forensic officers carried out an examination of the property and discovered fingerprints left on the window frame in the victim's bedroom. These matched fingerprints left on the bread wrapper, brought into the property by Hopkins.

Detective Constable Andy Boston, from our force dedicated burglary team - Operation Maze, said: "I am pleased Hopkins pleaded guilty to this offence, as it is clear she intimidated the victim and preyed on his good nature for her own financial gain and greed.

"Burglaries of this nature have long lasting effects on vulnerable members of the community, and Bedfordshire Police will continue to ensure that people responsible for such crimes will be brought to justice."

"We understand these are uncertain times, so please look out for your elderly and vulnerable neighbours and relatives and talk to them about the dangers of distraction burglaries, and the steps they can follow to verify if someone is from a charity."

Hopkins is due to be sentenced week commencing 19 October and is remanded in custody.

 * If you have an unexpected knock on the door never open it to strangers, consider installing a door chain and always keep it on
 * If unsure of the visitor's identity always ask for their ID first and telephone the company or charity they are purporting to be from, and use the telephone numbers listed in your local directory, or provided independently by your service provider
 * Discuss any work you feel needs carrying out on your property with a relative or friend who can help you find a reputable trader
 * Check whether traders are members of the Consumer Codes Approval Scheme or the Government Trust Mark scheme
 * Don't agree to any work or sign anything on the spot. Do not be pressured into having any work carried out
 * Never pay cash up front and never go to the bank or cash point with a trader
 * If you suspect a rogue trader is at your door then call 999
 * If you feel the caller is suspicious, do not hesitate to contact us by calling us on 101 for non-emergencies or call 999 if you suspect a crime is happening. Take note of any vehicle registration numbers and a description of the suspected offenders.

To find out more about how to spot bogus callers, information is available on the force's website.
