```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedford community team spoke to hundreds of people yesterday as part of a day of engagement about knife crime.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Knife crime day of action in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-knife-action-nov18
```

**Officers from our Bedford community team spoke to hundreds of people yesterday (Thursday) as part of a day of community engagement about knife crime.**

The team were on patrol ahead of Bedford's Christmas light switch on yesterday evening, visiting six locations across the town, including the Bus Station and a number of supermarkets. They spoke to 358 people about knife crime, the force's approach to tackling it, and to give advice to anyone concerned about it.

Knife crime has risen across the country, and Bedfordshire has followed the national trend. As a result, the force has supported Operation Sceptre, a national campaign to tackle knife crime, but has also been running regular days of action across the county.

Activity can include weapons sweeps, looking for weapons that have been discarded or hidden for future use, patrols of hotspot areas and engagement events. The force also delivers sessions in schools about knife crime, working to educate young people about the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife.

Inspector John Nichols, who led the operation, said: "The support of the community is vital to helping us tackle knife crime. Our main message yesterday was that it's illegal to carry a knife in a public place, and that carrying one can lead to imprisonment.

"We also want our young people to know that carrying a knife, even if it's for protection, means that they are more likely to be involved in violence. We're hoping that by sharing these messages with our community they will help spread the message."

As well as speaking to young people, officers were on hand to give advice to parents about possible signs of young people being involved in knife crime which include:

 * Knives missing from kitchen drawers
 * A change in their behaviour, mood or language
 * New friends that parents haven't met
 * Being secretive with their possessions, not letting parents near their school bags or jackets

Inspector Nichols added: "Knife crime is a growing concern across the country, and by speaking to parents and guardians we hope they will feel confident to discuss it with their children and support them to make the right decision. Carrying a knife is not the answer and we have weapons bins at locations across the county where knives can be disposed of."

Anyone with any information about knife crime in their area can call 101 or report information online. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
