```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: School is often regarded as a safe place by children who are victims of abuse, but at the moment they are no longer as regularly interacting with trusted adults, such as teachers, social workers, grandparents, and neighbours.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2020
title: Police urge members of the public to report any child abuse and neglect concerns amidst the Coronavirus pandemic
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/child-abuse-neglect-april20
```

**With schools now closed and families having to isolate due to the Coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic, many children and young people could at heightened risk of abuse and neglect as they are spending more time at home.**

School is often regarded as a safe place by children who are victims of abuse, but at the moment they are no longer as regularly interacting with trusted adults, such as teachers, social workers, grandparents, and neighbours. This means there is less opportunity for any safeguarding issues to be flagged with the relevant authorities.

Detective Superintendent Zara Brown, Head of the Public Protection Unit, said: "Cases of child abuse and neglect are taken extremely seriously by our force.

"We are working closely with the local authorities and our partner agencies on the best ways we can keep children safe during this difficult time. With schools and activity centres closed and everyone staying at home, it's becoming harder for people to spot the signs of abuse or neglect.

"This is why I want to encourage you to be our eyes and ears and if you see or hear something you don't think is right, for example from neighbours in your street or through speaking with friends, then please report it. Even if you're not sure, as this could potentially save a child's life.

"We also want to reassure any children or young people who may need help at the moment and aren't able to tell a trusted adult, or if you have any concerns about younger siblings, cousins or other family members that support is still available and there are many places you can turn to for advice and guidance.

"Safeguarding is everyone's business and now, more than ever, we all need to be doing our bit to keep children safe."

If you are worried or have any concerns about a child, whether that be a neighbour, relative or friend, please call us on 101 or you can report through our online reporting tool.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

You can visit the NSPCC website for advice and guidance, particularly during this pandemic, or call 0808 800 5000, email help@nspcc.org.uk or fill in the online form.

ChildLine also has a lot of information on its website for any child or young person who is struggling with issues at home. You can call 0800 1111, email or chat online with a councillor.
