```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the theft of a number of dogs from a Bedfordshire kennel have made a further three arrests.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Three arrests and dogs recovered following warrants
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrests-dogs-recovered-following-warrants
```

### Detectives investigating the theft of a number of dogs from a Bedfordshire kennel have made a further three arrests.

Two men and a woman from the St Albans area were arrested on Monday (5 October) on suspicion of burglary in connection to the incident in Wilden last month.

Twelve dogs were also found during the warrant, which are now being identified with a view to establishing their rightful owner.

Detective Inspector Natalie Fletcher said: "This is a positive result and we are now working to establish who these dogs belong to, as we suspect they have been stolen.

"We have seen an increase in dog thefts across the region which we understand is distressing for the community and we are working tirelessly to unravel the criminal networks responsible.

"We would really encourage dog owners to make sure their pets are microchipped with up to date details."

The arrests came as part of a joint operation with Hertfordshire Constabulary which also resulted in two caravans being seized. A man in his 40s was further arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, while a man and a woman in their 30s were both also arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm. An 18-year old man was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and possession of a firearm.

All four have been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information about the incident can report it online or by calling 101, and quote reference number 40/49974/20.

If you wish to remain anonymous you can contact Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

If your dog has been stolen - report it to us by visiting our online reporting centre or by calling 101. You can also contact your local authority dog warden in Bedford, Central Bedfordshire or Luton.

Notify your microchip database provider immediately and advise Doglost.co.uk either via their website or Facebook page who can offer help, support and advice.

We will support anyone wishing to set up a local DogWatch group - please email for more information.
