```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The community policing team in Bedford has secured a three-month closure of a property in Rutland Road.
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2018
title: Partnership working results in property closure
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/partnership-working-property-closure-sep2018
```

**The community policing team in Bedford has secured a three-month closure of a property in Rutland Road, after it was reported as a source of anti-social behaviour and drug criminality.**

The officers, who worked closely with Bedford Borough Council, attended a Luton Magistrates' Court hearing today (Friday) and were granted a full three month closure order.

PC Sharon Cummings, from the Bedford community team, said: "We are dedicated to tackling anti-social behaviour in Bedford. Thanks to support from the Bedford Borough Council's community safety team we've managed to secure a closure order.

"We are continuing to encourage our residents to come forward with information about drug crime and anti-social behaviour in their area, as each report helps us build a better intelligence picture of this kind of crime in Bedford."

Councillor Colleen Atkins, portfolio holder at Bedford Borough Council for community safety and regulatory services, said: "The actions associated with this house have no place in Bedford borough.

"This closure is a clear example of the strengths of our partnership working with the police and local residents. We hope it sends out a clear message that crime and disorder will not be tolerated here."

If you wish to report crime and anti-social behaviour in your area you can do it online through the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101. In case of emergency always call 999.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
