```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: This was the seventh warrant we have carried out in Luton in connection with the same operation.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2020
title: Further arrest in operation targeting suspected drugs gang
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-targeting-gang-may20
```

**A further arrest has been made as part of an ongoing operation to combat drug and gang activity in an area of Luton.**

A man in his 20s was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug following a warrant in the Bury Park area of Luton yesterday (Wednesday).

This is the seventh warrant we have carried out in Luton in connection with the same operation.

Yesterday officers recovered a number of mobile phones as well as £2,000 in cash.

The man arrested has now been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn said: "Gangs and organised criminal networks linked to drugs are unfortunately still operating on our streets, even as the rest of us make sacrifices to combat the spread of Coronavirus.

"These gangs blight our communities with knife crime and other serious violence, anti-social behaviour and the criminal exploitation of children and other vulnerable people.

"We believe this operation is having an impact and disrupting those we suspect may be involved in illegal activity.

"We will continue to make Bedfordshire a hostile place for drug dealing and other forms of organised crime."

Anyone with information about drug or gang activity in the Biscot, Bury Park, Challney and High Town areas of Luton can contact police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

Please quote Operation McCoy.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously and in confidence on 0800 555 111, or visit Crimestoppers-uk.org
