```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are reminding residents across the county to stay vigilant following a number of burglaries in which jewellery and cash have been targeted.
publish:
  date: 28 Dec 2020
title: Public reminded to stay vigilant to burglaries this winter
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vigilant-burglaries-winter-dec20
```

**We are reminding residents across the county to stay vigilant following a number of burglaries in which jewellery and cash have been targeted.**

Officers are asking the public not to store large amounts of cash, including business takings, in their homes and keep heirlooms, expensive jewellery or watches in a safe place and out of view, to protect themselves from opportunist burglars.

Detective Inspector Lee Martin, from our dedicated Operation Maze burglary team, said: "At the moment, although people may be at home more than usual, this is not enough to deter burglars, so I would encourage people to remain just as vigilant and ensure they are carrying out home safety measures.

"We have seen a number of offences in which family gold and large sums of money have been targeted. These offences usually take place in the evening and the criminals will break into someone's home and in many cases turn it upside down to find what they are looking for.

"It is important to ensure your doors and windows are double looked

"We are asking the public to contact us if they see any vehicles or people who seem out of place or acting suspiciously. Where possible, please record any details including number plates.

"We know the devastating impact these types of crimes can have on our community and we will do all we can to find those responsible and hold them accountable for their actions."

If you have seen any suspicious activity please report this via our online reporting tool or by contacting 101. If a burglary is in progress always call 999.

If you have been a victim of burglary please contact Bedfordshire's Signpost Hub for free confidential support.
