```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a woman had her handbag snatched from her shoulder in broad daylight.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2018
title: Woman has handbag snatched from her shoulder in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/handbag-snatched-tavistock-street
```

**We are appealing for information after a woman had her handbag snatched from her shoulder in broad daylight. **

On Wednesday (10 January), at around 11.10am, the woman was walking along Tavistock Street in Bedford when her handbag was snatched by a man who approached her from behind on a bicycle.

He then cycled down Chandos Street, and the victim called the police immediately. Whilst on the phone to the police, she walked down Chandos Street where she found her handbag on the floor. Her purse, which contained around £85 in cash, was missing from the bag.

The offender is described as a black man, wearing a grey hooded top with the hood up, a black sleeveless body warmer and grey jogging bottoms. The bicycle he was riding is described as blue.

Community Crime Investigating officer Gary Maxey, said: "I'm hoping that by issuing this appeal, someone who was in the area at the time will come forward with information that will help our investigation into the incident.

"The victim has told us that there were several people around at the time, so I would appeal directly to those people to get in touch and help us find the person responsible for such a brazen incident."

Anyone with any information is asked to call police on 101 quoting crime reference number JH/1457/2018. You can also report information via the force's online reporting form by visiting: www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report

Alternatively, can contact independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
