```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Were you in Kempston on Tuesday 15 December at around 7.30pm.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2020
title: 'Kempston assault: appeal for information continues one week on'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-kempston-casper-dec20
```

**Officers will be in Bedford Road, Kempston today (Tuesday) making further enquiries a week after a woman was assaulted, and have issued a CCTV image in the hope it will lead to new information.**

At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 15 December, a woman was walking along Bedford Road, Kempston, when she was assaulted by a man near the bushes behind the bus stop, opposite the junction with Whitbread Avenue. She sustained serious facial injuries as a result of the attack.

The man is described as wearing a light coloured jacket, jeans, and trainers. The woman was wearing a mustard coloured puffa style coat, with a fur trimmed hood.

Detective Inspector Michelle Lack, leading the investigation, said: "I understand that this incident is very concerning for local residents, and I would like to reassure you that we are taking it incredibly seriously.

"We are carrying out extensive enquiries to identify the person responsible, and continue to pursue a number of lines of enquiry.

"If you were in the area around 7.30pm last Tuesday, please let us know if you saw or heard anything that you think may help us - did you notice a woman wearing a distinctive mustard coloured coat, or did you see a man fitting this description? This is a busy road, and we know there were people walking along the road at the time of the incident.

"We appreciate this image isn't very clear, but feel that someone who knows this man may recognise him.

"We're providing ongoing support to the victim, and we are continuing our appeal for any information, however small or seemingly insignificant, from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident, as it may assist with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting Operation Casper. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, you can contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire .
