```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after two teenagers were seriously injured in an incident in Luton.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2018
title: Appeal after two stabbed in Luton Mall
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-stabbing-Luton-Mall
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after two teenagers were seriously injured in an incident in Luton.**

An investigation has been launched after the incident, which happened at 2.30pm outside the indoor market in The Mall yesterday (Sunday).

Emergency services attended and two 17-year-old boys were taken to hospital with serious injuries.

Both remain in hospital but their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.

Detective Inspector Jackie Dadd, from our BOSON team, said: "This happened in broad daylight in a busy shopping centre and has obviously caused some real concern to members of the public.

"Such violence in a public place will not be tolerated and we are committed to tackling anyone who thinks it is acceptable to act in this manner. We are aware that there are a lot of images and video being circulated on social media, and would urge anyone who captured the incident on their phones to contact police. We are also keen to speak to anyone who has any information about what happened.

"We will be increasing patrols in and around The Mall and Luton town centre and would encourage anyone with any information about Sunday's incident to contact police on 101." Anyone with any information should call DI Dadd on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
