```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a woman was assaulted on a bus in Bedford.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2019
title: Woman assaulted on a bus in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-assaulted-bus-sept19
```

**We are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a woman was assaulted on a bus in Bedford.**

At around 2.45pm on Tuesday, 17 September, a woman was travelling on the number 5 Stagecoach bus from Bedford town centre towards Elms Farm, Bedford.

A man, described as white, 6'2" and around 30 years old, assaulted the victim, causing serious injuries, before she managed to leave the bus when it stopped in Church Lane.

The offender is described to have a number of tattoos on his chest and arms and was wearing a black tank top, shorts and grey trainers.

PC Laura Shackleton investigating the incident, said: "This incident occurred on public transport in the middle of the afternoon and I would ask anyone who witnessed this incident to come forward.

"We believe the suspect's actions may have caused further harm to other passengers and we would be particularly keen to hear from them, or anyone who has any further information, which could assist in our investigation."

Anyone with any information can report it using our online reporting centre or contact us on 101, quoting reference number 243 of 17 September.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit the signpost website for further information.
