```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A property in Luton has been closed for three months after officers recovered 100 wraps of Class A drugs during a warrant.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019
title: Property closed after Class A drugs recovered
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/liverpool-road-closure-july2019
```

**A property in Luton has been closed for three months after officers recovered 100 wraps of Class A drugs during a warrant.**

The warrant at the property in Liverpool Road was carried out on Monday (15 July), following intelligence that suggested that drugs were being dealt from the location.

When searching the property officers found a machete, body armour and drug-related paraphernalia. The drugs were later identified as being crack cocaine and heroin worth around £1,000.

Two people were arrested following the warrant. A 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, and a 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. Both have been released on bail while enquiries continue.

After the warrant, officers closed the property for 24 hours, but a police application to the courts resulted in the closure being extended for three months.

PC James West, who led the warrant, said: "Drugs underpin some of the most horrendous and violent crime in our communities - from burglars stealing to fund their addiction, through to rival drugs gangs clashing violently on our streets. Illegal drugs are the driving force of all of this criminality. That's why it's so important we continue to tackle those who are suspected of being involved in the supply of drugs.

"The closure order ensures that the property can no longer be used for drug dealing or associated criminality, and I hope this reassures our community about how seriously we take these matters."

Anyone with any information about drug dealing in their area is asked to report it by calling 101, or visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
