```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: On of our officer
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2020
title: "Our officer represents East Anglia at Queen\u2019s Remembrance Sunday Ceremony"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officer-represents-east-anglia
```

### Our officer represents East Anglia at Queen's Remembrance Sunday Ceremony

**One of our officer's had the honour of representing East Anglia at this year's national Remembrance Sunday ceremony as the duty fell to the force for the first time in five years.**

As a tribute to his professionalism and dedication to supporting new recruit's PC Craig Bond was selected to represent the region, in an event that took a very different form due covid-19 restrictions.

Craig, who was selected from all of our officers, teaches students to drill where they march for their parade during their initial training graduation ceremony, so his skill and precision was very well suited for this prestigious moment.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "We wanted to recognise Craig's hard work and dedication to the students by nominating him to represent the force and region at the Remembrance Sunday parade. Student officers can go through a challenging time when joining because there is so much to learn in policing but Craig is there to help them through the transition.

"It's a real honour to see the force represented by such a professional officer, he really did us proud and I hope it's a moment that he will remember for a long time."

The parade took place at the Cenotaph in Whitehall, London, in front of the Royal Family and a select number of veterans and members of the public, it was a much scaled-back event.

Police Constable Craig Bond said: "It was a real honour to represent the force and East Anglia to parade in front of the Royal Family. With such a small number in the parade I feel even more thankful to be selected.

"I feel really pleased that I was chosen for my dedication to teaching drill to student officers. It's fantastic to see the students develop and grow in confidence for their passing out parade, and see them ready to take on the world of policing."

We are actively recruiting police officers. If you would like to start your career in policing and learn to march with pride with one of the best in East Anglia, apply today.
