```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new unit set up to tackle the root causes of knife crime and other serious youth violence in Bedfordshire has been funded by the Home Office for another year.
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2019
title: Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit secures funding for further 12 months
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/veru-further-funding-dec2019
```

**Bedfordshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner, Kathryn Holloway, local authority and youth offending partners have welcomed a commitment from the Home Office to continue to fund Violence Reductions Units across the country for at least another year, once spending plans have been rubber stamped.**

The Home Office issued a grant of £880,000 to Bedfordshire's PCC to set up the county's new Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU) in 2019, but this ran for a single year only, until April 2020. The Commissioner has now been told that she can secure an additional £880,000 to fund the work of the VERU until April 2021, once the Home Office has approved the plan.

The VERU brings together organisations including police, local government, health, community leaders and other key partners to prevent serious violence - especially among young people - by understanding its root causes and addressing them together, with grant-funded involvement from communities themselves.

"It's the best possible New Year present to hear that the Home Office is dedicated to the on-going funding of these specialist units but this has to be a cautious welcome from me until the money is fully secured, of course. Having been present during a recent visit to Bedfordshire's quite outstanding new unit by Home Office officials and having spoken to them about their enthusiasm for our model - which is the only one to link the exploitation of vulnerable young people by gangs in its title - I had been optimistic, but we are now heading in precisely the right direction," said Commissioner Holloway.

"Quite rightly, police have always said that they cannot end serious youth violence alone. It's not a problem that arrests alone will solve, although there were plenty of these too in 2019. Enforcement has to be balanced with diversion from gang activity in the first place and support for those who've been lured in and want to leave. Only by working with our partners such as the local authorities, the Youth Offending Services, those in health and local charities working with young people can we do this and the VERU is about genuine joint working in partnership; it's about action not words.

"Given their expertise, working across local services, the VERU certainly couldn't work without the active support and involvement of the three unitary authorities in Bedfordshire in particular," said PCC Holloway.

Bedfordshire's three local authorities are key partners for the VERU and all have backed the additional funding.

Cllr Colleen Atkins, portfolio holder for Community Safety at Bedford Borough Council, said: "We welcome this grant for additional funding.

"The issue of knife crime and serious violence continues to be taken very seriously in Bedford and across Bedfordshire.

"We look forward to building on the partnership work with the Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit."

Central Bedfordshire Council's Executive Member for Community Services, Ian Dalgarno, said: "We welcome the Home Office's decision to extend funding to our Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU).

"The impact that issues such as knife crime and criminal exploitation have on our communities are devastating, particularly on our most vulnerable residents and young people.

"We're committed to working with our partners to help educate and prevent people from getting involved with or falling victim to serious violence. We will continue to tackle it wherever it occurs."

Luton Council portfolio holder for community safety, Cllr Aslam Khan, said: "Gang-related violence, and particularly knife crime, is one of the most serious issues facing young people in Luton today.

"This council is committed to doing everything in its power to address the problem, and will continue to work with our partners in VERU to minimise the dreadful impact of serious violence on our community.

"The Home Office decision to extend VERU's funding is extremely welcome, allowing us to continue with this vital endeavour."

The two of Bedfordshire's Youth Offending Services are also at the heart of the VERU and were instrumental in the unique inclusion of "exploitation" in the title of the specialist unit in this county.

The PCC will now submit a plan for the year ahead and announce a new round of community grant funding once this is agreed with the Home Office.

The VERU is already in the process of awarding £400,000 to approximately 35 different projects across the county aimed at diverting young people away from criminality with details of the project to be funded from the 2019-20 grant to be announced shortly.

"It's hugely important that communities themselves are involved by applying for grants for neighbourhood projects in those areas which are hotspots for such crime or with the best will in the world we cannot get to the root causes of the gang based violence which has devastated young lives in Bedfordshire and those of their families," said the PCC.

Kimberley Lamb, project manager with direct responsibility for day to day coordination of the VERU, said: "The support for the VERU's work from across different partners and our communities has been remarkable.

"This includes leadership from the likes of the PCC and our local authority partners, as well as our communities and grassroots looking to work with us to make a difference.

"Everyone is pulling in the same direction to make this new unit a success, and unleash the transformative work we are planning to put an end to the exploitation of vulnerable young people in Bedfordshire."
