```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for two years and one month for a number of offences, including attempting to gain entry to eight vehicles.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: "Man jailed for two years by force\u2019s burglary squad"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-burglary-nov19
```

A man has been jailed for two years and one month for a number of offences, including attempting to gain entry to eight vehicles.

James Barlow, 52, of no fixed abode, was jailed at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (12 November) after been charged with two attempted burglaries, theft from a motor vehicle, eight vehicle interference offences, an assault on an emergency worker and theft from a shop.

Barlow's spree took place between June and September; in June he stole items from a Tesco store in Bedford totalling £150.

In September he attempted to break into two houses - one in Clapham and one in Bedford. In both cases, he also tried to open the doors of cars parked outside the properties.

In the same month, he tried unsuccessfully to gain entry to a further five vehicles, each time being challenged by members of the public. On 14 September he did gain entry to one car and stole around £40 in cash.

Each offence was caught on CCTV, and Barlow was identified by officers as being the person responsible.

When he was being booked into custody following his arrest, Barlow removed one of his shoes and threw it at a police officer.

Detective Constable Kevin Howes, from Bedfordshire Police's Operation Maze team, said: "Barlow was unsuccessful on a number of occasions thanks to the security measures his intended victims had put in place. The amount of information submitted about these offences, including CCTV, meant we were able to identify Barlow as a prolific offender and secure several charges against him.

"I am pleased that his sentence also takes into account the unacceptable behaviour he displayed towards one of our officers."

To report suspicious behaviour, call Bedfordshire Police on 101 or report information online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. If a crime is in progress, always call 999.

What happens when a burglary is reported? Find out here: https://video214.com/play/PYggmazzSDkPml6wQVdjwA/s/dark
