```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Today is the start of this year\u2019s 16 days of action \u2013 an international campaign to raise awareness of, and tackle, domestic abuse."
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: Force offers lifeline to victims during 16 days campaign
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/16days-domesticabuse-campaign-nov2019
```

**Figures published today (25 November) by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) show that domestic abuse related crimes in Bedfordshire, for the 12 months to March 2019, accounted for 11 per cent of all recorded crime** **(1)** ** in the county. Today is also the start of this year's 16 days of action - an international campaign to raise awareness of, and tackle, domestic abuse.**

The annual campaign runs from 25 November, White Ribbon Day - the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women and Girls, until 10 December - Human Rights Day, and sees Bedfordshire Police add its voice to that of community and voluntary groups across the county to get behind the message that there is absolutely no excuse for abuse.

One in four women and one in seven men will suffer domestic abuse in their lifetime, and this means that somewhere in the region of 78,000 women and 44,000 men across Bedfordshire will be affected by this crime.(2) Throughout the 16 days, the force will be campaigning to give domestic abuse victims in Bedfordshire the confidence to talk about what is happening to them, and encouraging perpetrators to find help; pledging to bring an end to domestic abuse.

Detective Chief Inspector Jackie Dadd, head of the force's Emerald team, dedicated to investigating domestic abuse and sexual offences, said: "Everyone has the right to live free of fear, and we want to give victims, of any age, gender, sexuality, social background or profession, a chance to speak up and take action against anyone using controlling, threatening or violent behaviour towards them.

"We also want the perpetrators of that abuse to understand the impact their behaviour has, and to get help to stop the cycle of abuse.

"We know it is tough to acknowledge what is happening, and how difficult it may seem to consider asking for help, but it is available.

"If you are in a relationship where you feel you are not in control of what is happening to you or your family, or you are made to feel like you or your children don't matter; then it's time to talk to someone and get help."

Abuse is never acceptable. If you have concerns about a person's behaviour towards another, or you fear for someone's safety, please get in touch.

Call us in confidence on 101, and remember, always call 999 in an emergency. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For advice about domestic abuse, we have information and details of partner agencies who can find the right help for you.
