```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our first PCSO born in the 21st century has completed her initial training, marked by a passing out ceremony along with our other newest intakes at police headquarters.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Our first 'Millennium baby' PCSO graduates and aims to make her mark
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/millennial-pcso-graduates-mar2019
```

**Our first PCSO born in the 21st century has completed her initial training, marked by a passing out ceremony along with our other newest intakes at police headquarters.**

Alice Winfield, born in the year 2000, begins her first beat shift with the anti-social behaviour team in Dunstable and Houghton Regis today (Thursday).

She said: "I was born in the year 2000 which makes me a 'millennial', and they don't always get the best publicity. The media often depicts us as work-shy, sometimes selfish and entitled, but that's not me at all. I just needed a little time to find my niche."

After leaving school, where she admits she didn't enjoy being in the classroom, Alice tried the world of office work, but prefers to be out and about, problem solving and meeting people, so joining the police as a PCSO in a public-facing role is an ideal choice.

"Much of the anti-social behaviour that's happening right now involves young people, and I'm hoping that I'll have an extra insight into their world by being of a similar age," she said.

"Also, I'm a cyclist and can understand how people are affected by the behaviour of those on bikes. I just want to make it safer for everyone, myself included."

Elliot Weedon will be accompanying Alice on her first shifts. He has been a PCSO for 11 years and has worked in Dunstable and Houghton Regis for that time.

Elliot said: "It's fantastic that Alice has chosen to apply her enthusiasm and drive and join us.

"Having a younger perspective on things will be good, and Alice will be a great addition to our team."

If you are interested in career or volunteering opportunities with Bedfordshire Police, check out the latest vacancies.
