```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: More than a dozen people in Flitwick have been issued with warnings after a crackdown on vehicle crime and late night noisy drivers.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2018
title: Vehicle crime crackdown sees 13 warnings issued
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Vehicle-crime-crackdown-13-warnings-issued-june2018
```

**More than a dozen people in Flitwick have been issued with warnings after a crackdown on vehicle crime and late night noisy drivers.**

We first responded to complaints of people revving their engines and doing 'donuts' in the leisure centre car park off Steppingley Road at around 10pm on Sunday, 3 June.

Having dispersed the vehicles, our officers then swooped on a large group who were gathering and getting increasingly noisy in the car park at Tesco in Coniston Road at around 11.30pm.

This has been followed up by 13 warning letters about anti-social behaviour issued by Central Bedfordshire Council.

The two officers also issued four Section 59 warnings as part of their clampdown, including one for speeding and one for noise from off-road bikes.

These warnings allow us to seize the vehicles responsible if they get a further warning in the next 12 months.

PCSO Dan Cooper said: "This sort of behaviour can be really disruptive for residents and we wanted to send a clear message that we will take action to stop it."

Councillor Ian Dalgarno, Executive Member for Community Services at Central Bedfordshire Council, said: "Central Bedfordshire is a great place for people to live and work. We want to keep it that way.

"We are working with the police to ensure that anti-social behaviour doesn't impact on the lives of our residents."

Anyone who wants to report vehicle crime or any other anti-social behaviour should contact police using the online reporting tool on our website or by calling 101.
