```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are inviting members of the public to join them to find out about one of the ways the force is tackling knife crime.
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2018
title: Community invited to see how police are tackling knife crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/septre-knife-crime-sept18
```

**We are inviting members of the public to join them to find out about one of the ways the force is tackling knife crime.**

As part of Operation Sceptre, a week of action dedicated to tackling knife crime, the force will be running two days of weapons sweeps to look for discarded knives and weapons and take them off the streets.

On 22 and 23 September, officers will search locations in the north and south of the county and are inviting members of the public to join them.

Anyone who attends will be teamed up with officers to search specific locations for knives that have been discarded or hidden for future use. Officers will take responsibility for handling any weapons that are found and securing them before they're removed from the location.

Tackling knife crime is a priority and we will continue to work hard to reduce the number of people who carry knives. From speaking to our communities, we know that knife crime is just as important to them as it is to us. By inviting them out to join us, we hope that not only will they see what we're doing to tackle it but will also be able to play a part in helping us. It also gives us the chance to meet our communities and continue to build closer relationships with them.

We're also inviting community organisations like our Community Watch Schemes, and other partners, to join us as partnership working is key to tackling knife crime.

Exact locations are to be confirmed, but officers will tackle locations in the north of the county on Saturday 22 September and the south of the county on Sunday 23 September.

For more information or to register to take part, please email CrimeReduction@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk

Anyone with any information about knife crime in their area is asked to report it via 101 or by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
