```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Appeal for witnesses following park robbery
publish:
  date: 7 Jul 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following park robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-witnesses-park-robbery
```

### We are appealing for witnesses after a robbery at a park in Bedford.

At around 7pm on Tuesday (30 June), the victim was in Mowsbury Park with some friends when two men, around the age of 18, approached the victim and demanded he handed over his electric scooter. When the victim refused, one of the men told him he had a knife, before assaulting him and taking his scooter.

The main offender was described as white, of muscular build and approximately 5'10'', with long mousey blonde hair which covered part of his face. He was wearing a black baseball cap, a dark hooded top and dark jogging bottoms.

The man with him was described as white, of skinny build and approximately 5'6''. He also had long hair and was on a mountain bike

Detective Constable Sajid Saddique, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the robbery, or anyone who saw these two men in the park that day and has any information that could help us with our investigation or to locate the scooter, which is a black XIAOMI 365 model.

"This was clearly a distressing ordeal for the victim and fortunately he wasn't left with serious injuries. We will not tolerate this kind of intimidating and violent behaviour and will do all we can to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Saddique on 101, or online quoting reference number 40/35110/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
