```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 64-year-old man from Leighton Buzzard will be spending 11 years behind bars for sexually abusing a child.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: Leighton Buzzard man jailed for the sexual abuse of a child
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/leighton-buzzard-sexual-abuse-dec19
```

**A 64-year-old man from Leighton Buzzard will be spending 11 years behind bars for sexually abusing a child.**

Terry Taylor of Kingfisher Drive, Leighton Buzzard, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court today (Friday) after being found guilty of 11 counts of sexual abuse. He was also handed a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

The abuse happened over several weeks within the last 18 months, in which he would touch the child inappropriately both over and inside of clothing.

The child decided to tell an adult what Taylor was doing, and it was subsequently reported to police.

Detective Constable Claire Long, who investigated the case, said: "We are pleased that Taylor was found guilty of committing these vile sexual offences on a child and has been handed a custodial sentence.

"The victim has been hugely affected by his actions, but showed incredible courage and bravery in telling someone about the abuse and giving evidence in court. This has helped us bring another sexual predator to justice.

"We work hard to tackle child sexual abuse and would urge anyone who has any concerns that a child is being abused, or who has been a victim themselves, no matter how long ago, to come forward.

"It's never too late to report a crime and you are helping us to put these perpetrators behind bars."

If you have concerns about child sexual abuse should report it to Bedfordshire Police on 101.

The NSPCC website has a wealth of information on how to teach your child about staying safe from sexual abuse, including the PANTS underwear rule:

P - Privates are private A -

Always remember your body belongs to you

N - No means no

T - Talk about secrets that upset you

S - Speak up, someone can help
