```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Two properties, one in the north and one in the south of the county, were served with three-month closure orders on Friday (26 October) following hearings at Luton Magistrates\u2019 Court."
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Two properties closed in one day by Community Policing teams
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-closures-community-october18
```

**Two properties, one in the north and one in the south of the county, were served with three-month closure orders on Friday (26 October) following hearings at Luton Magistrates ' Court. **

The first three-month closure order was granted for a property in Newbury Road, Houghton Regis. As a result of, and thanks to, support from local residents and Central Bedfordshire Council, the local Community Policing team executed a successful drug warrant on Wednesday (24 October).

During a search of the premises, officers found suspected cannabis plants and one man received a caution.

The second order was granted for an address in Bromham Road, Bedford. The closure application was due to partnership working between Bedfordshire Police's Urban Policing team, BPHA and the Bedford Borough Council Community Safety Team.

PC Emily Keech, who secured the closure, said: "We treat all reports of anti-social behaviour seriously and after gathering evidence we applied for closure to the Luton Magistrates' Court.

"As a team we are dedicated to clamping down on anti-social behaviour and we would like to encourage the community to report this kind of activity in the future."

If you or someone you know are affected by anti-social behaviour report it to the police online through their reporting centre or by calling 101.
