```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old man was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Friday (16 August) after he pleaded guilty to a burglary at a house in Kimbolton Road, Bedford earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2019
title: Bedford teenager sentenced for burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-sentenced-burglary-august19
```

**An 18-year-old man was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Friday (16 August) after he pleaded guilty to a burglary at a house in Kimbolton Road, Bedford earlier this year. **

Jake Macleod-Hay from Bedford was sentenced to one year in a Youth Offenders Institute. A second offender, a 15-year-old boy, also pleaded guilty to the break-in and was served with a youth rehabilitation order.

At night, between 20 May and 21 May, Macleod and the second boy gained entry to a property through the back door. When inside he stole a purse belonging to one of the occupants, which contained personal documents and approximately £300 in cash. They also stole car keys which they used to search vehicles parked in front of the property.

Following the search the burglars left the location, but the 15-year-old was arrested shortly after leaving by officers who had been alerted to suspicious behaviour in Kimbolton Road. Macleod-Hay managed to run away from the officers but was tracked down and arrested the following morning.

Detective Constable Andrew Boston, from the force's Operation Maze team, said: "Being a victim of a burglary has a tremendous psychological impact on victims. It strips the person of feeling of safe and secure in their own home.

"In this case a young man and a boy were involved. Macleod-Hay will now spend his first year of adulthood in a Youth Offenders Institute where hopefully he will be able to reflect on his actions.

"Burglary remains a priority for our force and we are dedicated to apprehending the offenders and bringing them to justice."

Operation Maze is our dedicated operation which tackles burglary within Bedfordshire, as well as working with partner agencies to tackle cross-border offences.
