```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Nearly 200 teddies have been made by local knitters to support children affected by crime.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Nearly 200 Bobby Buddies support children affected by crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bobbybuddies-support-children-nov2018
```

**Knitters from across the region have inundated Bedfordshire Police with nearly 200 teddy bears to support children who are impacted by crime.**

The donations have come after the force put out a request to community groups, charities, refuges, knitting clubs and enthusiasts willing to get involved in the scheme.

The teddies, called Bobby Buddies, have been made to look like police officers. They will be used by Bedfordshire Police officers and Victim Care Co-ordinators (VCCs) at the Signpost Hub when they talk to and support children. The project is being rolled out by the hub, which provides free and confidential emotional and practical support to those affected by crime.

VCC Zoe Davis, who is leading the project, said: "We are so grateful to everyone who has taken the time to knit one of the bears, which will be a great support for children who have experienced the trauma of crime.

"We are now starting to roll out the teddies and are handing them out to our community officers to use them as a communication aid and to comfort and reassure young children. The first Bobby Bear has been given to an eight-year-old who witnessed a hate crime.

"Her mother said it has really helped and has made her feel a lot more confident about answering questions her daughter has around the racial abuse she and her mother were victim to. She said it was a lovely gesture to show there are good people in the community. She also said the bear has helped soften the hurt."

The Bobby Buddies will also help young people at a difficult time to realise officers are approachable, are there to help them and are not someone to be scared of. They will also be a great way for officers and VCCs to build relationships and can be really useful in distracting the young person from what is going on around them during a stressful situation.

The bears have not been made with buttons or beads for the safety of the child.

PC Conroy introduced the scheme successfully with Dorset Police, and is allowing Bedfordshire to use the Bobby Buddy template created by his mother Tracey Conroy, in addition to the crochet guide Zoe has developed.

If you would like to get involved please contact Zoe Davis at zoe.davis@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk or by calling 0800 0282 887.

Zoe Davis with the Bobby Buddies
