```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: At around 7.30pm on Tuesday a woman was walking along Kempston Road when a man approached her from behind and grabbed her.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Did you witness Kempston assault?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-kempston-assault-dec20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after an assault in Kempston which left a woman with facial injuries. **
**
At around 7.30pm yesterday (Tuesday) a woman was walking along Kempston Road and had reached the corner of Beatrice Street when a man approached her from behind and grabbed her.

He dragged her into bushes next to a bus stop and threatened her.

When she fought him off, he punched her to the face and then ran from the scene towards Bedford.

The offender is described as wearing a light coloured jacket, blue jeans and trainers.

The victim was wearing a mustard coloured puffer coat with fur-trimmed hood.

Detective Inspector Michelle Lack, investigating, said: "This nasty attack has left the victim badly shaken and with a suspected broken nose.

"Officers have been in the area to reassure the local community today, but we are keen to trace the man responsible as soon as possible.

"The victim's clothing was very distinctive, and this may jog your memory.

"We know there were cars driving past and pedestrians around at the time of the incident, and would like to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time.

"If anyone has any CCTV or dashcam footage which might be relevant, or any other details which can help with our enquiries, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 or via the online reporting tool on our website, quoting Operation Casper.

You can also report information anonymously via independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
