```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are taking part in a national drive to reduce the number of firearms that are vulnerable to falling into criminal hands.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2017
title: We've joined national firearms surrender campaign
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-firearms-surrender-campaign
```

We are taking part in a national drive to reduce the number of firearms that are vulnerable to falling into criminal hands.

The campaign will run from today (Monday) until Sunday, November 26, during which members of the public will be encouraged to surrender any firearms in their possession to the police.

The campaign is mainly aimed at those who have firearms in their possession that are not licensed, either through inheritance or because they are otherwise unwanted.

If you have a firearm in your possession that you do not want, please call us on 101. Specially trained officers will then arrange to come and collect the weapon, or advise you on how to apply for the required certificate. Alternatively you can arrange an appointment to bring the weapon to Kempston to surrender it.

During the two-week campaign, officers will also be carrying out licensing checks, ensuring that anyone who owns a gun legally has everything in place to safely store and continue to own their gun. If you own a firearm and would like to discuss applying for a certificate to enable you to continue to own it legally, please call 101 and ask to speak to the Firearms Licensing Team.

Detective Inspector Jackie Dadd said: "As part of a coordinated national campaign to stop guns falling into the wrong hands, we are joining police forces across the country to help people dispose of guns safely, especially those who have inherited or come into the possession of an unlicensed firearm.

"Bedfordshire Police remains committed to reducing the number of illegally owned guns on our streets, and will ensure that weapons are seized and made secure. I would also like to urge members of the public to take part in this campaign by telling us if they have any information about anyone in their area who may illegally own a gun."

Anyone with information about gun crime including possession of illegal firearms and ammunition is asked to contact police on 101, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
