```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers and staff from across the force have generously donated over 70 presents to elderly patients in Bedford Hospital and the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Bedfordshire Police lights up Christmas for elderly patients in hospital
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/christmas-presents-elderly-dec20
```

Officers and staff from across the force have generously donated over 70 presents to elderly patients in Bedford Hospital and the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.

Sadly due to the COVID-19 pandemic this year, officers are unable to visit the patients on the hospital wards to personally deliver their presents. PCSOs from our Luton Community team will safely handover presents to ward staff outside of the hospital, who will deliver the presents to patients over the Christmas period once they have been quarantined for infection control purposes. Many of the patients will be spending Christmas Day receiving treatment, and sadly without any visitors. In some instances, this will be the only Christmas present they receive.

The gifts range from puzzle books, bath and hand cream gift sets, radios and warm clothes.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "This year has been difficult for everyone, but in particular the elderly who have spent time alone in isolation and have not been able to receive visits from friends and family members at home and in hospital. It is important that they feel loved and appreciated, especially at Christmas where many of them will be spending time in hospital unwell and alone.

"I would like to thank my officers and staff for digging deep to support such a fantastic cause and to the hospital for allowing us to spread some festive cheer to the elderly patients".

Liz Lees, Chief Nurse at Bedfordshire Hospitals said: "We are so grateful to our colleagues at Bedfordshire Police for the fantastic support they give to the NHS, and to our hospitals, our staff, and our patients.

"We always look forward to their visits at Christmas when they come in to meet our patients. Unfortunately, because of COVID, we won't be able to meet them in person this year, but they have kindly donated lots of presents for our elderly patients which we will distribute on their behalf. Thank you so much."
