```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man was found with serious, but not life-threatening, injuries in Luton today (Saturday) and we are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 May 2019
title: Witnesses sought as man found in Luton with suspected stab wounds
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-stab-luton-may2019
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after a man was found with suspected stab wounds in Luton town centre.**

At approximately 11.10am this morning (Saturday), police were called to a newsagent in New Bedford Road, following concerns for the welfare of a man who had entered the shop.

The man left the shop, heading towards Luton town centre via Bridge Street, where he was located by officers who gave first aid on discovering he was injured, and called an ambulance.

The man was taken to hospital with suspected stab wounds. His condition is described as serious, but not life-threatening.

It is believed that shortly before 11am, the man was seen with a group of men on Cardigan Street. One of the men is described as Asian, in his late 20s, wearing a green top and blue jeans.

The group then headed along Cardigan Street, away from the town centre.

Detective Constable Hasan Balic said: "We're asking anyone with information about what happened, including any mobile phone footage, to get in touch. We need to establish how and where this man came to be injured, and the route he took into the town centre in order to seek help.

"The victim is described as a light-skinned black man, in his late-30s and was wearing a dark hooded top, with black tracksuit bottoms and mustard yellow coloured trainers.

"If you saw someone matching his description prior to 11am this morning, we'd like to hear from you."

Anyone with any information is asked to call DC Balic on 101 quoting reference number 117 of today's date.

You can also report information by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
