```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two more people have been arrested in connection to an assault on a police officer.
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2020
title: Further arrests over incident in Thrales Close
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-arrests-over-incident-in-thrales-close
```

### Two more people have been arrested in connection to an assault on a police officer.

Two men in their 20s from Luton were arrested and are under investigation on suspicion of intentionally encouraging or assisting commission of an offence over the incident in Thrales Close, Luton on Friday (31 July).

Footage has circulated on social media of the incident, over which a 17-year-old boy has been charged with assaulting an emergency worker.

The public are reminded that this is a live police investigation and are encouraged not to share or circulate the footage.

Detective Inspector Lee Martin said: "We will not tolerate any violence against our workforce.

"Thankfully our officer only suffered minor injuries, but it was the incitement to violence on this occasion which made the whole incident particularly shocking.

"Anyone encouraging this kind of behaviour, not least against a police officer upholding the law, should be under no illusions that they could be dealt with through the courts."

The two men have been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

These mark the latest arrests in connection to events in Thrales Close on Friday night.

Two women in their 30s and another woman in her 20s have been arrested on suspicion of assault over an earlier incident which prompted police to attend the scene.

All three women have been released on bail.

A woman in her 40s has been arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated public order offence against a police officer and released under investigation.

An 18-year-old woman has also been released under investigation after being arrested on suspicion of a separate assault on an emergency worker.

Anyone with any information about these incidents is asked to contact police through bedfordshire.police.uk/report

Please quote reference 479 of 31 July.

Alternatively you can report information through Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
