```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are thanking the public for helping this year\u2019s Luton International Carnival take place without major incident."
publish:
  date: 29 May 2018
title: Police thank public for their support at Luton Carnival
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-carnival-may2018
```

**We are thanking the public for helping this year 's Luton International Carnival take place without major incident. **

The event, which took place on Sunday (27 May), involved officers across the force working to deter crime and help keep people safe, while also engaging with the community. Police dogs Tai, Hector, Kai and Bane were also on patrol with their handlers.

 Our Community Cohesion team took part in the parade, having worked closely with children from Luton's Hillborough School and the fire service. The walking float was led by police and fire cadets and it is the fourth year the force have worked with the school.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "The carnival is a really important day for Luton, celebrating the diversity which makes the town such a great place. Officers were out and about meeting the public and most importantly ensuring that everyone had a safe and enjoyable day. We then maintained a presence in and around the town centre once the carnival had finished to make sure that everyone got home safely.

"The planning for our policing response has been taking place over a number of months, and we've been working closely with partners including the UK Centre for Carnival Arts, Luton Council, British Transport Police and Beds Fire and Rescue. The public were pleased to see us on the day and I'd like to thank them for their enthusiasm and support - I hope everyone who attended had a fantastic time."

Officers arrested four people, but no disorder was reported in the hours after the Carnival had finished.

After attending her first Carnival as the new Mayor of Luton, Cllr Naseem Ayub said: "This year's carnival showed our town at its very best: communities coming together to have fun and celebrate with music and colour.

"This is a fantastic event and it takes an extraordinary effort from all our partners to make it a safe and enjoyable day for the whole family.

"Huge congratulations to UK Centre for Carnival Arts, our partners in the police and emergency services and, of course, the performers, who made the day so spectacular." Hopeton Walker, Chairman of the UK Centre for Carnival Arts, said: "Luton International Carnival saw the people of Luton and the surrounding area celebrating in style. A parade with brilliant colours, dancers, a cacophony of sound, foods from around the world; and Wardown Park packed with lots of family activities. A huge thanks to our blue light services, our partners and the whole community for making the 42nd Luton International Carnival such a resounding success."
