```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We are issuing a warning to the county\u2019s residents, following reports of a police impersonation scam."
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2021
title: Police impersonation scam warning
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/impersonation-scam-warning-feb21
```

**We are issuing a warning to the county's residents, following reports of a police impersonation scam. **

In the recent investigations, a woman was contacted by phone by a person claiming to be a police officer working for a different force.

The fraudster then told the victim that her bank cards had been cloned, and asked her if she wanted to support the investigation.

As a result, she was given account details and a reference number, and instructed to transfer a large sum of money in order to buy gold.

Thankfully at the bank, the clerk became suspicious, and alerted the police.

To avoid being targeted by similar scams.

 * Police will never ask you for your personal or financial information or bank details, and will never ask you to transfer money, purchase gold or gift cards, under any circumstances
 * Fraudsters may ask you to call a number to verify who they are, but then stay on the phone line to keep it connected. Whilst you think you are making a new phone call, the line is still open to the scammer who pretends to be a different person from your bank or the police. Always wait for at least ten minutes, or use a different phone before calling the police
 * If you wish to confirm someone's identity, only use a phone number you know belongs to your bank, and not the one given to you by the caller

Detective Sergeant Tom Hamm, from the Crime Investigation Team, said: "I would like to ask all of our residents to share this message among their family and friends, and especially take time to speak to any elderly or vulnerable people close to you, about protecting their finances.

"Make sure they know they should never share any personal details and bank information to any cold callers, even if they claim they are from the police.

"Fraudulent callers have different ways of tricking people into believing in their elaborate lies. For example they can ask the targeted person to call 999 to confirm their identity. When in fact the unsuspecting victim just speaks to a different person involved in the scam.

"That's why it is important to wait at least 10 minutes or use a different phone line to call the police."

If you believe that you have been called by a bogus police officer, please report the incident to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre, on 0300 123 2040 or via www.actionfraud.police.uk

If you've been affected by crime you can contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire.

If you would like to work with people who solve cases like this and help make Bedfordshire a safer place visit our Join us page.
