```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a man suffered gunshot wounds in Luton.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2020
title: Police are appealing for information after a man suffered gunshot wounds in Luton.
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/gunshot-wound-luton-apr20
```

We are appealing for information after a man suffered gunshot wounds in Luton.

It follows a disorder involving a number of people in Hitchin Road near the Duke Street area of High Town just after 7.15pm last night (Wednesday).

The victim remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital.

Detective Inspector Philip Moss, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, which is leading the investigation, said: "This is a deeply concerning incident and we are leaving no stone unturned in our investigation.

"Although our enquiries are at an early stage, we believe this was an isolated incident with no risk to the wider public.

"This happened in a place where there are lots of shops and vehicles in the area.

"We would be particularly keen to hear from anyone who has CCTV or dash cam footage of the location, as well as anyone who saw or heard anything around this time."

Bedfordshire Police and the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit have already taken eight firearms off the streets of Bedfordshire this month, as well as a significant amount of drugs, knives and criminal cash.

Last year almost 400 firearms that had been seized in Bedfordshire were destroyed, while offenders linked to organised crime groups were jailed for more than 300 years.

Anyone with any information about this incident is asked to contact police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report, quoting Operation Sunderland.

You can also speak to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
