```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedford Borough Council\u2019s Environmental Health Team is reminding businesses and residents to remain vigilant and only purchase food from legitimate suppliers following the illegal slaughter and theft of six sheep from a farm in Milton Ernest."
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2019
title: Theft and slaughter of sheep leads to concerns about dangerous meat being sold locally
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/slaughter-sheep-dangerous-meat-nov19
```

Bedford Borough Council's Environmental Health Team is reminding businesses and residents to remain vigilant and only purchase food from legitimate suppliers following the illegal slaughter and theft of six sheep from a farm in Milton Ernest.

The animals were not slaughtered at a suitable premises or with the right controls in place to ensure the safety of the meat.

The animals will also have been subject to treatments that may result in the meat being contaminated.

The incident is believed to have taken place between 1pm on Sunday, 24 November and 8am the following day.

Cllr Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Regulatory Services at the council, said: "Have you been offered any meat cheaply?

"Remember, if a deal seems too good to be true, it probably is. This meat is not fit for human consumption and we are reminding businesses to only use legitimate suppliers, and warning residents to be cautious of doorstep traders. You can report any incidents to the Council's Trading Standards Team on 01234 718099."

A/Sergeant Stu Grant from Bedfordshire Police's Operation Sentinel Rural Crime Team, committed to combatting rural crime, said: "This type of crime causes a major impact on the victim, but can also have an impact on the wider community.

"We will not tolerate this sort of criminal behaviour and are determined to root out those responsible.

"If anyone has any information which can help us with our investigation, please get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 or via the online reporting centre on the Bedfordshire Police website, quoting reference 40/68123/19.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
