```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A mum and her daughter who tackled a robber in Luton were among those praised at the Chief Constable Commendations and Long Service Awards on Wednesday (27 March).
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: Mum and daughter commended for tackling Luton robber
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mum-daughter-commedation-april19
```

**A mum and her daughter who tackled a robber in Luton were among those praised at an awards ceremony.**

Amanda Stonebridge and her daughter Latifa Bouazza leapt into action after coming across the victim of the robbery in a park in Luton. While Amanda called police and comforted the victim, Latifa gave chase and confronted him, asking him to return the victim's property. He refused, so she ran to a nearby friend's house for help. They eventually managed to detain him until officers arrived.

Both were commended for their public spirit and bravery; their actions led to the arrest of the man who was eventually charged and jailed for 14 months.

The pair were among a host of police officers, staff and members of the public who were all recognised for their contributions at the Chief Constable Commendations and Long Service Awards which was held at our HQ in Kempston on Wednesday (27 March).

Also commended were PCs Andrew McLennan, Craig Fletcher-Richardson and Scott Brand who were praised for their teamwork when searching for a woman who had gone missing from a mental health ward in Luton. The officers expedited enquiries to narrow down a search area, and then worked with the national air support and other officers from the force to find her.

She was located and taken to hospital for further treatment. The officers were commended for their clarity of thought, analysis of the risk posed and their determination.

Eight police officers and members of staff were awarded medals to mark 20 years' service with our force.

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "I love attending these events and hearing about all of the fantastic work which is carried out by our dedicated officers and staff. They go to exceptional lengths to ensure our communities are safe, and I am proud to work alongside so many dedicated individuals.

"It's not just officers and staff who are commended though - we also marked the contribution of members of the public who have contributed to making our communities safer. It is fantastic to be able to hear about the work of so many people, and congratulate them on their successes. Everyone who received a commendation thoroughly deserved it."
