```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are investigating and appealing for information after a violent disorder involving a number of cars and people armed with weapons.
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2021
title: Appeal after stabbing leaves victim with potentially life changing injuries
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-stabbing-injuries-mar21
```

We are investigating and appealing for information after a violent disorder involving a number of cars and people armed with weapons.

At around 2.15pm today (Tuesday) a silver BMW and a blue BMW were involved in a collision in Britain Street, Dunstable.

Three men in one of the cars attacked a man in the other car, while a woman in this vehicle left the scene on foot.

During this incident a man suffered multiple stab wounds to his leg, resulting in potentially life changing injuries.

The three suspects left the scene on foot. A fourth man drove the suspects' car away from the scene but was involved in a collision nearby, before getting out of the car and also leaving on foot.

Detective Sergeant Tom Hamm, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This appears to be a malicious and targeted attack which has left the victim with really serious injuries.

"This is a busy area and while we are out speaking to people, we would be really keen to hear from anyone who saw or heard anything which might help our investigation.

"We would particularly like to hear from anyone who saw a third vehicle, a red BMW, in the area at around this time, or anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage which may have captured anything.

"We have made huge progress in Bedfordshire to stop these offences from happening in the first place, but when they do we will do all we can to bring those responsible to justice."

Anyone with any information which can help our investigation is asked to report it via our online reporting centre or by calling 101, quoting reference 209 of today.

All of this information goes into our intelligence systems and can help detectives fight organised crime and the serious violence that often comes with it.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously via 0800 555 111 or on their website.

They have a landing page to report concerns about organised crime in Bedfordshire.

For more information about knife crime or getting out of a gang please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
