```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our officers engaged with families returning to London Luton Airport as part of a week of action.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Force supports international FGM operation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/international-fgm-operation-sep18
```

**Our specially trained officers engaged with families returning to the UK last week, as part of an international week of action on female genital mutilation (FGM).**

Officers attended London Luton Airport on Tuesday and Thursday, when most flights were from countries with major connecting hubs for flights from countries where FGM is prevalent, to raise awareness and to identify victims, or potential victims.

More than 40 people engaged with the team, including a family where all females had undergone this procedure at birth in their home country, and were not aware it was illegal in the UK. A mother, travelling with her young daughter, disclosed that the girl's father is an advocate of FGM and asked for more information and officers were able to refer her to social services.

The operation was carried out at transport hubs across the UK and the US after a new agreement, signed the previous week, agreed that the two countries would share information to learn more about the practice and to prosecute more offenders.

Detective Inspector Elaine Cook, who led the operation in Luton, said: "It is really important for the force to take part in this operation to directly speak to girls who may be at risk of this barbaric procedure.

"The officers that attended have had additional training in dealing with incidents of harmful practices, and asked very careful questions to test the awareness of FGM and the family's views. Two of our officers spoke at length to a 13-year-old girl; it is unknown whether she was a victim or not, but it's this level of engagement that is needed to build up trust which could lead to a disclosure."

Between April 2017 and March 2018, 6,195 individual women and girls attended an NHS organisation where FGM was identified, or a procedure related to FGM was undertaken.

DI Cook added: "We have very few incidences of FGM reported to us because of the familial nature of the crime; parents or other family members are the ones who arrange it, and victims won't report it because they don't want their family to get into trouble.

"The procedure can have lifelong mental and physical implications for the victim, or be fatal. The seriousness of this crime, and the difficulty in reaching victims, means this kind of operation at the airport is crucial."
