```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2018
title: "It\u2019s time to help the hidden victims"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hiddenvictims-16days-domesticabuse-nov2018
```

**We are supporting 16 days of action - an international campaign to raise awareness of and tackle domestic abuse.**

The campaign runs every year from 25 November, White Ribbon Day - the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, until 10 December - Human Rights Day. Each year the force joins together with the community and voluntary groups across the county to get behind the campaign.

Our focus for this year's 16 days campaign is 'Hidden Victims', as domestic abuse is a crime that often happens behind closed doors.

Throughout the campaign, we'll be collaborating with our partners from the Bedfordshire Domestic Abuse Partnership, on a series of awareness events around the county, supporting this with its own social media campaign, aiming to give the hidden victims of Bedfordshire the confidence to talk about what is happening to them. It's time to get help, bringing an end to domestic abuse.

Statistically, domestic abuse often goes largely unreported, especially when the victim is male, or from the black or ethnic minority (BME), or lesbian, gay, bi-sexual or transgender (LGBT) communities.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerry Waite, head of our Emerald team, dedicated to investigating domestic abuse and sexual offences, says: "No one should live in fear of someone else in their life. It is important that action is taken against controlling, threatening or violent behaviour and that victims are given a voice.

"When that person is your partner, husband, wife, boy or girlfriend, or an ex or family member, we recognise how difficult it is to acknowledge what is happening and how impossible it may seem to think about getting help to end the abuse.

"If you are in a relationship where you feel you don't have a choice or a voice, where you feel you are not in control of what is happening to you or your family or you feel like you or your children don't matter; then it's time to talk to someone and get help."

One in four women and one in seven men will suffer domestic abuse in their lifetime (ONS 2015) this means that somewhere in the region of 77,500 women and 43,600 men across Bedfordshire will be affected (based on Census 2011) by this crime.

Abuse in any guise isn't acceptable. If you have concerns about a person's behaviour towards another, or you fear for someone's safety please get in touch.

Call us in confidence on 101, and remember, always call 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For advice about domestic abuse, we have information and details of partner agencies who can find the right help for you.
