```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the BCH Road Policing Unit are once again running the popular BikeSafe events this year to help keep bikers safe on the roads of Bedfordshire and beyond.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: BikeSafe events launched
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bikesafe-events
```

### Officers from the BCH Road Policing Unit are once again running the popular BikeSafe events this year to help keep bikers safe on the roads of Bedfordshire and beyond.

BikeSafe is a national police-led motorcycle project aimed at reducing the number of motorcyclists killed or seriously injured on the roads.

The workshops, which offer a mix of theory and observed rides, explore the hazards that riders face and provide them with the skills they need to improve their riding.

PC Simon Burgin from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit said: "Motorcyclists are one of the most vulnerable road users which is why workshops like these are so important.

"This is a timely reminder about the workshops with spring arriving, as many bikers will be ready to hit the tarmac once again.

"I highly recommend them to riders of all ages, it's a great way to refresh your skills and raise awareness of the dangers on the roads and how to avoid them."

The sessions run out of Shefford in Bedfordshire, though workshops are also available in Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire.

The events run in two parts with a classroom session on the first day. Riders will then be allocated a slot to attend an assessment ride with a qualified police motorcyclist.

PC Burgin added: "Motorcyclists will gain increased skills and awareness which can have a really positive impact on reducing the number of bikers being hurt on our roads.

"During the sessions we look at attitude to risk, bend assessment, overtaking, and hazard management. We have had some really good feedback from people who have attended in previous years."

The next rollout of BikeSafe workshops begin in May and run until October. For more information about the scheme, or to book a place, visit the Bike Safe website.

Visit the force's dedicated web page for road safety advice
