```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are supporting a national week of action which aims to tackle knife crime and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2020
title: Police support national week of action to tackle knife crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-support-national-week-of-action-to-tackle-knife-crime
```

### We are supporting a national week of action which aims to tackle knife crime and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.

The force is carrying out a variety of activities in support of Operation Sceptre, which starts today (Monday) and runs until 15 November.

Throughout the week, officers will be working alongside partners to carry out weapon sweeps and high visibility patrols in particular areas affected by knife crime, as well as engaging with retailers.

Detective Chief Inspector Aaron Kiff said: "Tackling serious youth violence and knife crime is a priority for Bedfordshire Police and last year there was a nine per cent reduction in incidents of serious youth violence in the county, which equates to 200 fewer victims.

"Operation Sceptre doesn't just target those who carry knives, but also aims to educate our communities while tackling the supply, access and importation of weapons.

"We ask anyone with information on knife crime in their local community to report it to us, as this helps us to build a better picture of the hotspot areas we need to target to keep people safe.

"There is no place for knife crime within society and we will continue to do what we can to tackle this."

To report concerns about knife crime, please do so via onlne or call police on 101.

You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. They will never ask for your name or try to trace the number that you are calling from.

In an emergency always dial 999.

If you have a knife and want to get rid of it, talk to an adult who you trust and find out more about where you can get help.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
