```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who was seen in possession of a knife by some school children has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2019
title: Man jailed for possession of a knife
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-knife-june19
```

**A man who was seen in possession of a knife by some school children has been jailed.**

Abdul Matin, 44, of Jasmine Road, Luton, was jailed for six months for driving offences, as well as possession of a bladed article in a public place.

At around 8.40am on 12 February, Matin was seen leaning into his car in Frederick Street, Luton.

He was seen doing so by a number of young children on their way to school.

Matin then got into his car and drove off down Frederick Road and onto Havelock Road.

Subsequent checks showed Matin was disqualified from driving at the time and not insured to drive the car.

He was found guilty of possession of a bladed article in a public place, driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance.

At Luton Magistrates' Court today (Monday) he was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison.

PC Paul Mahon, who led the investigation, said: "This was a frightening episode for the young witnesses who saw Matin.

"We will not tolerate people carrying a knife in Bedfordshire. Carrying a knife has serious consequences.

"Not only do you risk a hefty fine and jail sentence just for carrying one, you are also more likely to become a victim of knife crime yourself."

If you have any information about knife crime you can call police on 101 or report it via the online reporting centre on the Bedfordshire Police website.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
