```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We conducted a crackdown yesterday (Thursday) on two of the county
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: "Crackdown on \u201Cfatal four\u201D driving behaviours"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crackdown-driving-behaviours-dec2018
```

**We conducted a crackdown yesterday (Thursday) on two of the county's busiest routes, in a one-day operation to reduce road casualties, with an emphasis on the "fatal four" driving behaviours responsible for the majority of road deaths.**

The operation focused on the A505 in Luton around the Kingsway area, and the A5 at Hockliffe. Both locations have seen fatal collisions in recent months, and are the subject of increasing concern from local communities.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, in collaboration with Community Policing officers from Luton led by Sergeant John Killick, working with Highways England and The Safety Camera Unit, supported by officers from Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk, and with the assistance of Luton Council, targeted drivers exhibiting the "fatal four" road offences.

These are speeding; distractions such as using mobile phones whilst driving; not wearing a seatbelt; and driving under the influence of drink or drugs.

In the six-hour operation, officers dealt with a number of road related offences. In Luton alone, almost 60 vehicles and drivers were found to have committed offences, including;

 * One vehicle being driven in a dangerous condition
 * One unlicensed driver
 * One driver ran a red traffic light
 * Two disqualified drivers
 * Two drivers not in proper control of their vehicles
 * Three with non-compliant registration plates
 * Three vehicles with defective tyres
 * Three drivers who were under the influence of drugs
 * Three vehicles were seized under DVLA powers for no tax, or were foreign registered vehicles not registered in the UK
 * Five drivers using mobile phones
 * Ten uninsured drivers
 * 11 vehicles with overly dark tinted windows
 * 14 drivers were not wearing seatbelts

Of these 60 vehicles, 12 were seized for being uninsured, or for being driven by disqualified drivers or under DVLA powers.

In Hockliffe two officers working with The Safety Camera Unit stopped 113 vehicles for drink driving checks and four drivers were found to have consumed alcohol, but were under the legal limit for arrest.

One driver was found to be uninsured and one was driving without a licence. One was using a mobile phone at the wheel and two drivers were not wearing seatbelts. Two vehicles were found to be contravening the weight limit and one vehicle was seized.

Sergeant Ian Manley, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We want to ensure that the roads in our county are safe whilst addressing the concerns of our local communities.

"Anyone driving other than in accordance with the law must expect to be stopped and dealt with appropriately. These reckless drivers are not only putting themselves at risk, but also other law-abiding road users and pedestrians. We will not tolerate these behaviours in Bedfordshire."

"Sadly, we've seen a number of fatalities on the roads in the county recently and, in the run-up to the festive period, it's important that drivers are reminded of their responsibilities when they get behind the wheel of a vehicle."
