```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Tycjan Dawidowski, 37, of no fixed address, also left a blood stain at the scene.
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: Burglar caught on camera jailed for 20 months
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglar-caught-camera-aug20
```

**A burglar has been jailed for one year and eight months after being caught on a home CCTV camera.**

Tycjan Dawidowski, 37, of no fixed address, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court last week after pleading guilty to burglary.

On 3 March at around 3.30pm, Dawidowski gained entry into a property in Stoneygate Road, Luton.

The occupants arrived home and could hear their alarm going off and noise from inside the property.

They also noticed that the back door into the address had been smashed, so they called the police before entering.

Dawidowski became aware that the occupants had returned home, so fled the property through the back door and was seen heading towards Granby Road.

A number of items were stolen including a tablet computer, iPhone and figurines.

There was a blood stain left on a chest of drawers that police were able to forensically link to Dawidowski.

He was also captured entering the property on an internal CCTV system, as well as being caught leaving on dash cam footage from the victim's car.

Detective Constable Andy Boston, from our dedicated burglary team Op Maze, said: "It's great news that we have taken another burglar off the streets of Bedfordshire and we hope this sends a message that crime does not pay.

"Burglary is still a key priority for the force and our dedicated unit will continue to target those individuals who think this behaviour is acceptable.

"It is also a good time to remind the public of our burglary prevention advice. In these instances, CCTV and dash cam footage played a big part in securing Dawidowski's sentence.

"Where possible, and if financially beneficial, invest in a video system as it not only acts as a deterrent but it also helps any police investigation."

To read more of our burglary advice visit our website.

To report suspicious behaviour call 101 or visit Bedfordshire Police's online reporting tool. In an emergency always call 999.
