```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Hulcote on Friday evening (14 August).
publish:
  date: 16 Aug 2020
title: Appeal for information after boat was stolen during aggravated burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-boat-stolen-aug20
```

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Hulcote on Friday evening (14 August).

At approximately 10pm, two men entered a storage compound at Rook Tree Farm.

A man came outside of his storage unit after hearing a noise and saw two men dressed in black, wearing balaclavas, gloves and holding metal poles.

The man was threatened with violence, had his mobile phone stolen and was held to the ground whilst the offenders entered the units searching for cash.

The men tried to steal a caravan and eventually stole a boat.

They then shut the victim in the unit and are believed to have driven off through the farm lands in an unknown vehicle with a trailer.

Detective Constable Luke Moore, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This incident has left the victim extremely shaken and also left a ripple of other victims who have been affected by this.

"The stolen boat is very distinctive and has the number 564 printed on both sides. It has a wakeboard tower with rear trim tabs and inside the boat was a wakeboard and kneeboard, which have both been autographed.

"I am very keen to hear from anyone who may have seen these men or was in the area at the time of the offence. I would also ask anyone who has seen this boat or has seen it being advertised for sale online to get in touch with me as it could be key in helping us find the criminals responsible for this."

Anyone with any information is asked to report online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or call DC Moore on 101, quoting reference number 40/44271/20.

Alternatively, you can call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
