```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Next week we are supporting a nation-wide campaign to tackle knife crime.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Operation Sceptre aiming to cut out knife crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operationsceptre-cutting-knifecrime-feb18
```

**Next week (commencing 12 February), we are supporting a nation-wide campaign to tackle knife crime.**

Operation Sceptre is a national knife crime initiative, and the week-long campaign aims to clamp down on knife crime, and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.

Superintendent Juliette Everett, our knife crime lead, said: "It's been widely reported that nationally we are seeing an increase in knife-related incidents, so knife crime is not just an issue in Bedfordshire.

"Notwithstanding this, we take knife crime and incidents involving knives incredibly seriously, and officers from teams across the force are working hard to tackle these kinds of incidents. During Operation Sceptre we have a number of activities planned, ranging from community engagement days, targeted patrols in hotspot areas and weapons sweeps both across the north and the south of the county.

"We are continuing to work with schools to educate pupils on the consequences of carrying a knife; ensuring they are aware of the short and long-term repercussions is vital. Our Schools Liaison Team continue to visit schools and we have provided a toolkit so that teachers can also deliver assemblies and other learning inputs themselves.

"I would encourage our communities to come forward if they know anyone in their area who is carrying a knife. We do listen to what our communities say and calls coming into the force are recorded as intelligence which helps us build a better picture of what's happening in certain areas. Working with our communities and our partners is key and this work has resulted in a number of knife-related charges recently."

During the last Operation Sceptre in November 2017, officers recovered seven knives and a claw hammer during two days of searches.

You can keep up to date with Operation Sceptre by following @BedsPolice on Twitter, or visiting www.facebook.com/bedspolice

To report information about someone carrying a knife, call 101 or report it via the force's online reporting centre. You can also call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
