```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Bedfordshire Police have recovered seven knives and a claw hammer during two days of searches in Kempston last week.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2017
title: Force recovers eleven knives in days of action
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-recovers-eleven-knives
```

Officers from Bedfordshire Police have recovered seven knives and a claw hammer during two days of searches in Kempston last week.

Six of the knives and the claw hammer were found in and around Addison Park and an additional knife was found on Bedford Road.

The weapons sweep comes as the force continues to clamp down on knife crime in the county, with officers recovering a further three knives in the first week of November.

The force also recovered a knife during Operation Sceptre in October, a week-long campaign which aims to clamp down on knife crime and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife. During the week, officers carried out high visibility patrols in hot spot areas, and conducted a test purchase operation at 11 shops in Dunstable. Of the 11 shops that were tested, one failed and has been issued with a letter and will be visited again in future.

Superintendent Juliette Everett, who is the force's lead for knife crime, said: "The results of the weapons sweep are fantastic - this is eleven knives now off the streets that can't be used again. Officers from various teams worked really hard to put this together and I am extremely pleased with the results and with their approach to this subject.

"Bedfordshire Police remains committed to reducing the number of knives on our streets. As well as other enforcement activity and community engagement work, our Schools Liaison team is working really closely with schools in the county to educate pupils on a number of topics including the consequences of carrying knives."

The force is continuing to encourage anyone who has any information about someone carrying a knife in their area to report it via 101 or by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
