```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are looking to speak with witnesses of an incident in Leagrave, Luton yesterday evening (Saturday), which left two men in hospital with stab wounds.
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2018
title: Witness appeal after Leagrave incident
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/leagrave-stabbing-appeal-july18
```

**We are looking to speak with witnesses of an incident in Leagrave, Luton yesterday evening (Saturday), which left two men in hospital with stab wounds.**

At approximately 7.50pm, we received reports of an altercation between a group of men in Leagrave High Street.

Our officers attended the scene and two men were arrested in relation to the incident.

Two other men, aged 19 and 20, were taken to hospital for treatment. Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening.

Detective Inspector Craig Laws, investigating, said: "This is clearly a disturbing incident which happened during broad daylight at a busy time of day.

"Our enquiries are at an early stage and we continue to work to establish the details surrounding the incident.

"We know there were a number of people in the vicinity at the time, including many cars travelling down the high street, and we would urge anyone who saw the incident, or who may have dashcam footage of the area at around 7.50pm, to get in touch with us."

Officers will be undertaking high visibility patrols in Leagrave to provide reassurance to members of the public.

Anyone with information is asked to contact us by calling 101 or visiting the online reporting centre on our website, quoting incident 396 of yesterday.

Alternatively, report crime anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.
