```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The clashes between the rival Kempston Block and Mile Road gangs involved a kidnap and multiple conspiracies to cause GBH with intent, including a serious stabbing and a shooting within three weeks of one another in June 2017.
publish:
  date: 21 Mar 2019
title: Bedford gang members sentenced to 79 years for kidnap, stabbings and a shooting
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-gang-members-jailed-mar2019
```

**Five men responsible for a spate of serious gang violence in Bedford have been jailed for almost 80 years.**

The clashes between the rival Kempston Block and Mile Road gangs involved a kidnap, a serious stabbing and a shooting within three weeks of one another in June 2017.

It came as the rival gang members sought to establish themselves as leaders of their respective groups.

Senior figures from the Mile Road gang had been locked up as a result of Bedfordshire Police's Operation Kruse investigation into the Bedford gang shootings in July 2016.

Sentencing the men, Judge Nigel Lithman QC said the gangs "were at war in June 2017" over the trade of Class A and Class B drugs.

He added: "The defendants have been involved in the worst blight upon life in this country, involving the toxic combination of gang association, and the use of knives and guns in pursuit of their rivalry in the course of the drugs trade."

During the first incident, on 3 June, an off-duty police officer saw a man being assaulted near Addison Howard Park in Kempston.

Bedfordshire Police officers were able to track a car leaving the scene. The vehicle failed to stop, so was forcibly stopped by officers in Chantry Avenue soon afterwards.

Saffa Gbonda, 25, of Walcourt Road, Kempston, was driving the car at the time and was arrested at the scene. The victim of the assault was freed from the vehicle and taken to hospital.

Gbonda was convicted of conspiracy to kidnap and GBH with intent at trial in October. Today, he was sentenced to a 12-year prison sentence - nine in custody and three on licence.

Two weeks after this incident, on 17 June, two Mile Road gang members sought retribution with a machete attack in Hawkins Road, Bedford.

Maksims Boikovs, 19, of Brackley Road, Bedford, and Terrell Romain, 22, of Lewis Close, Bedford, were captured on CCTV heading towards the scene of the assault at around 7.50pm and then leaving in the other direction shortly afterwards.

Judge Lithman said the teenage victim of this attack - a hack with a machete - "virtually had his arm severed".

The victim and a friend were able to walk a short way before he was treated by paramedics near the junction of London Road and Elstow Road. The weapon used in the attack was recovered with the victim.

Romain and Boikovs were found guilty of violent disorder, wounding with intent to cause GBH and possession of a bladed article at trial in January.

Romain was sentenced to 18 years in prison for wounding with intent, while Boikovs was sentenced to 14 years in jail for the same offence.

Both men received concurrent sentences of four years for violent disorder and 12 months for possession of a bladed article.

Romain also received three separate sentences for drugs supply offences of four years, four years and two years, which will run concurrently to his 18 year sentence.

Two days after the stabbing, on 19 June, the Kempston Block gang retaliated with a drive-by shooting targeting a Mile Road gang associate.

Shots were fired from a 12 bore shotgun in Miller Road at around 10.25pm. The force of the shots carried all the way through to a room at the back of a residential property, which was not the target of the attack.

Two men at the address, neither of who were linked to gangs, suffered serious but non-life threatening injuries, while significant damage was caused inside and outside the property.

The car used in the shooting was found abandoned in Miller Road. Inside the vehicle officers recovered a lump hammer, knife sheath and shotgun cartridges.

Fingerprint analysis linked Antonio Ziu, 22, of Warwick Avenue, Bedford, and Vincent Kingswell-Shaw, 23, of Foster Road, Kempston, to the vehicle.

Sentencing the pair, Judge Lithman said it was "merely a happenstance" that the intended targets, or anyone else on the residential street, had not been killed, adding it was a matter to which Ziu and Kingswell-Shaw were "entirely indifferent".

Ziu, who was described as one of the "leading lights" of the Kempston Block gang, received two 19 year sentences for conspiracy to commit GBH with intent, and possession of a shotgun with intent to endanger life. These sentences will be served concurrently.

Kingswell-Shaw was sentenced to 16 years for both offences, which will also be served concurrently.

Detective Inspector Janine Graham, who led the investigation, said: "This violence sprung up from rival gang members looking to fill the vacuum left at the top of these gangs after the previous leaders were arrested and taken off the streets.

"This sort of mindless violence has no place anywhere in our county. Thankfully, incidents of this severity and violence are rare, and these proceedings show the way in which those responsible will be pursued and punished.

"These are major sentences befitting the seriousness of the crimes that have been committed. Anyone involved in drugs gangs, or who could be enticed into that world, should be under no doubt.

"You are putting your safety and even your own life at risk, while we will do everything in our power to investigate these gangs and bring them to justice. Tackling gangs and serious youth violence in Bedfordshire is one of our top priorities, and with our new Boson team dedicated to tackling gang and gun crime in Bedford, these gangs will find themselves being relentlessly pursued by law enforcement."

Senior crown prosecutor Charles White, from the Crown Prosecution Service, added: "These two gangs routinely carried knives and guns on the streets in Bedford, resorting to violence to warn their rivals off.

"Despite a wall of silence from the gang member victims, we were able to present a range of evidence to the jury including witnesses' statements, phone data, forensic evidence and CCTV footage which clearly placed individual gang members at the different incidents.

"Criminal activity and violence of this nature has no place on our streets, and we will continue to work with the police to catch, prosecute and bring to justice those people who engage in this activity."

In the same proceedings, Daniel Brownlee, 21, of Pearcey Road, Bedford, received a two year prison sentence, suspended for two years, for being concerned in the supply of cannabis.

Dreyfuss Mussington, 23, of Barford Avenue, Bedford, received a one year sentence suspended for two years for a similar offence.
