```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Leighton Buzzard man has been jailed for more than five years for sexually assaulting two young girls.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: Leighton Buzzard man jailed for sexually abusing two young girls
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/leighton-buzzard-man-jailed-sexually-abusing-two-young-girls
```

### A Leighton Buzzard man has been jailed for more than five years for sexually assaulting two young girls.

Gary Roff, 60, of Richmond Road was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (8 September), after pleading guilty to eight counts of sexual assault during court hearings at Luton Magistrates' Court and Luton Crown Court in April.

Roff was sentenced to 63 months' imprisonment and was issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for an indefinite period.

He targeted the girls, taking opportunities to indecently assault them on a number of occasions, over a twelve month period.

In December last year, offences were reported to our force, and further disclosures were made by the victims during the investigation.

PC Benjamin Robertson from Protecting Vulnerable People (PVP) Unit, who led the investigation, said: "This was a particularly sensitive investigation. Roff targeted two young vulnerable victims with his predatory behaviour, and he will now spend time behind bars.

"I would like to recognise the enormous bravery and strength of the two young girls who came forward and told their parents about this abuse.

"They have been supported throughout the process and I hope that today's sentence can in some way help their path to recovery and allows them to have a sense of justice, and closure so they can now flourish in their lives.

"I would encourage anyone who has been abused, no matter how long ago it happened, to come forward and tell us, and we will do all we can to support you and get justice for you."

If you have concerns about child sexual abuse or you have been a victim, please have the confidence to report it to us on 101. The NSPCC website has a wealth of information on how to teach your child about staying safe from sexual abuse, including the PANTS underwear rule: P - Privates are private A - Always remember your body belongs to you N - No means no T - Talk about secrets that upset you S - Speak up, someone can help
