```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are investigating after a woman was knocked to the ground during a burglary at her home.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-luton-appeal-apr20
```

We are investigating after a woman was knocked to the ground during a burglary at her home.

The victim was at her address in Capron Road, Luton when she heard knocking at the door at around 3.35pm yesterday (Wednesday).

Two offenders then came into her home and pushed her to the ground.

When the victim was on the ground the offenders took her handbag and left the address. The item is described as a large black leather shoulder bag with a flap, which contained cash, personal documents, a mobile phone and some other personal items.

One of the offenders is described as white, approximately 5'10'' and of medium build. He was wearing transparent surgical gloves, grey jogging bottoms, a grey face mask and a grey anorak jacket with the hood up.

The second offender is described as white, approximately 5'10'' and of medium build. At the time of the offence he was also wearing grey jogging bottoms, a grey facemask and a grey anorak jacket with the hood up.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, who is investigating, said: "We are asking for residents in and around Capron Road to please check their CCTV cameras to see if they have captured this incident or the offenders in the area.

"Plus, anyone who might have noticed anything suspicious or saw this pair of similarly dressed men is asked to contact us.

"This was an extremely disturbing incident in which offenders targeted a vulnerable person for their personal gain.

"If you have found a bag that matches this description please get in touch, as it has sentimental value to the victim."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police online at bedfordshire.police.uk/report or by calling 101, quoting reference number 40/23529/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
