```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Five men from London, Dagenham and Romford were arrested on suspicion of burglary
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Six arrests after burglary response uncovers cannabis factory
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-burglary-cannabis-may20
```

**Six people have been arrested on a number of offences after we responded to a break-in and discovered a cannabis factory.**

We responded to reports of a break-in in progress in the Bury Park area of Luton at around 2.50am this morning (Friday).

The suspects made off in a number of vehicles which were tracked down and stopped by police. Another man who attempted to flee on foot was also arrested.

Five men from London, Dagenham and Romford have been arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Two of the men were also arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and possession of a bladed article.

One of these men was also arrested for possession of Class B drugs.

At the property, officers discovered three rooms full of cannabis plants.

A man from Luton who was found at the address has been arrested on suspicion of the cultivation of cannabis.

The men are currently in custody while detectives carry out further enquiries.

Detective Chief Superintendent Nick Bellingham, the force lead for serious and organised crime, said: "These arrests are the result of some excellent work by our response officers, who were quick to respond to this unfolding incident.

"Cannabis and drugs are often the driver for a variety of criminal activity, be it burglary or anti-social behaviour through to gang activity and serious violence.

"Organised crime will not be tolerated in Bedfordshire and we will continue to pursue and disrupt those we suspect of being involved."

There are some key signs to look out for which may help spot a cannabis factory, including:

 * Windows always closed in summer and curtains permanently drawn
 * Excessive condensation at windows
 * Pungent or chemical smells
 * Lights repeatedly being turned on and off
 * The sound of whirring coming from the address at different periods throughout the day and night
 * Large amounts of compost, plant pots, chemicals or fertiliser (or empty containers) stored
 * Neighbours reporting many frequent different visitors to the property OR no apparent movement of tenants at all
 * Excessive security measures added to property such as bars at the windows or reinforced doors
 * Lookouts - often teenagers - stationed outside properties to warn the users of potential trouble

If you have any information about drugs activity you can report it to police on 101 or via bedfordshire.police.uk/report

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
