```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who pleaded guilty to sexually abusing a child between October 2018 and March 2019 has been jailed for almost seven years.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Luton man jailed for sexual activity with a child
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thomas-brooks-jailed-jan21
```

**A man who pleaded guilty to sexually abusing a child between October 2018 and March 2019 has been jailed for almost seven years.**

Thomas Brooks, 41, of Green Close, Luton, met his teenage victim several times, plying her with drugs and alcohol before engaging in sexual activity with her.

The victim told Brooks that she no longer wanted to meet up with him, but he continued to message her in an attempt to persuade her to have further meetings.

Brooks pleaded guilty to three counts of sexual activity with a child and was last week sentenced to six years and eight months in prison for each count.

These sentences will run concurrently.

Detective Constable Stephen Francis, from Bedfordshire Police's protecting vulnerable people team, which investigated the offences, said: "Brooks is a cold manipulator who took advantage of a teenage girl for his own gain.

"He was calculating and deceptive, and even tried to put the blame for the offences on the victim and threatened her, saying that she would also go to prison if she reported the abuse to the police.

"Thankfully the brave victim persevered and disclosed the offences to the police.

"I would like to encourage all victims of sex offences to come forward, no matter when the offences happened. We will believe you and investigate your report, and we will work with our partner agencies to find the right support for you."

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from our force and partner agencies, including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process. Reports of sexual assault, even if non-recent, can be made to the police by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's SARC by visiting the Emerald Centre or calling 01234 842750.

If you have been affected by crime, Signpost offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit https://www.signpostforbedfordshire.com/ for further information.
