```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a man was robbed in Luton on Friday evening (19 July).
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2019
title: Witness appeal after Luton robbery
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/wigmore-lane-robbery-july19
```

**Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was robbed in Luton on Friday evening (19 July).**

The incident happened just before 10:45pm when the victim was walking along Wigmore Lane with his friends.

He was approached by three men who were believed to have knives. They grabbed hold of the victim and stole £100 of cash, a silver chain, a mobile phone and cigarettes.

One of the offenders punched him in the face before all three made off on foot.

They are described as black, with short cropped hair and are believed to be in their late teens.

PC Oliver Fitton, investigating, said: "We are keen to trace the three men involved in the assault and robbery on a man in the middle of the street.

"Personal robbery can leave a victim in immeasurable distress and fear. We take all reports of street crime extremely seriously and remain committed to apprehending those responsible.

"We are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and who may have seen anything, or who has any information, to come forward as this will greatly help with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Fitton on 101 or by visiting the force's online reporting centre, quoting reference number 500 of 18 July.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
