```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: At approximately 2am yesterday morning (Tuesday), the yellow JCB was stolen from a farm at Old Rowney, Shefford and we are appealing for any information.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2019
title: Appeal for information regarding theft of JCB
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jcb-theft-appeal-may19
```

**We are appealing for information after a large construction vehicle was stolen and driven through the county.**

At approximately 2am yesterday morning (Tuesday) the yellow JCB was stolen from a farm at Old Rowney, Shefford.

The vehicle had a tracker and was located as having travelled to a disused quarry in Houghton Conquest, some 18 miles away, where the tracker was then removed at around 4am.

The vehicle was not reported as stolen until after the tracker had been removed, while the JCB has now been recovered.

Another vehicle was seen in the area at the time of the theft, and is described as a dark coloured, or black, 4x4, with a square registration plate on the front and a spare wheel fitted to the back.

Detective Sergeant Chris Hutton, from our intelligence team, said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who saw the JCB travelling through Haynes, along residential roads and then via the A6 to the disused quarry.

"This was highly unusual activity. Construction vehicles of this type and large size would not normally be operated on residential roads, or during the very early hours.

"We would ask that anyone who saw the JCB or the dark coloured 4x4, who may have CCTV along the route the vehicle took, or motorists with dashcams who were in the area early yesterday morning, to come forward.

"Historically, offences like these tend to be linked to further criminality, so we are appealing for the public's help in order to prevent other offences."

Anyone with any information is asked to call DS Hutton on 101 quoting reference 40/27320/19.

You can also report online using the force's online reporting centre, or by calling Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
