```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Concerns around young people being exposed to crime and exploitation due to a lack of governance around unregulated care homes will be the focus of a parliamentary debate.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Parliamentary scrutiny on unregulated care homes
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/scrutiny-unregulated-care-homes-oct19
```

**Concerns around young people being exposed to crime and exploitation due to a lack of governance around unregulated care homes will be the focus of a parliamentary debate.**

MP for South West Bedfordshire Andrew Selous will bring the matter to light in an Adjournment Debate on the accommodation provision for 16 to 17 year olds today (Tuesday).

It follows concerns raised by the National Police Chiefs Council lead for Serious Violence, Bedfordshire's Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire, who has spoken out about the risk of teenagers placed in unregulated homes being exploited by organised crime gangs.

There are around 5,000 looked after children in England currently placed in 16+ supported or semi-supported accommodation.

The issue was raised in May as part of a BBC Newsnight special, and has sparked a number of discussions across Government.

ACC Sebire said: "This affects thousands of vulnerable children across the country and I'm incredibly grateful to MP Andrew Selous for helping to keep the focus on such an important issue.

"The reality is that the whole care system needs looking at, it is full to capacity and having to rely on unregulated homes which puts young people at risk of serious harm. These homes are often seen as easy targets for criminals looking to groom vulnerable young people.

"We have to spend a huge amount of police time locating young people who have missed curfews or gone missing from this type of accommodation - and that means, due to our limited resources in Bedfordshire, that we can't attend other incidents as quickly as we would like.

"This is not to say that private care homes can't be the answer - we have some fantastic homes providing the support young people in the care of our local authorities need. But that care needs to be consistent and properly regulated."

Mr Selous said: "Urgent action is needed to raise standards in the twilight world of unregulated childrens' homes. It is five years since Parliament's Education Select Committee called this lack of regulatory oversight of the nation's most vulnerable 16 &17-year old's 'unacceptable'.

"Since then the number of children sent out of their home area to live in this unregulated accommodation has doubled and we now have evidence of a multiplier of misfortune, young people being preyed on by organised crime gangs, turning to a life of crime and recruiting other young people into crime.

"We must act on these facts now because we are badly failing many of these children, we are depriving other vulnerable children and adults of precious police resources, and we are wasting enormous sums of public money on wholly inadequate provision." Today's debate is due to start in the House of Commons at 7pm
