```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information as part of an investigation into a robbery in Butterworth Path, Luton where a 72-year-old man was approached by two men.
publish:
  date: 30 May 2019
title: "Man robbed in Butterworth Path, Luton \u2013 can you help?"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-butterworth-luton-may19
```

**We are appealing for information as part of an investigation into a robbery in Butterworth Path, Luton.**

At around 10.20pm yesterday (Tuesday), the 72-year-old victim was walking along the path when he was approached by two men who were dressed in jeans, hoodies and trainers.

One threatened him with what is believed to be a knife, and the other assaulted him. His wallet, containing around £100, was taken. The man was able to call for help and was taken to hospital.

The man has now been referred to Signpost for further support. The service is designed to provide everything a victim of crime needs to know, offering practical and emotional support and referrals to specialist support, as well as restorative justice.

Investigation Officer Lee Fassam said: "This was a needlessly violent incident and the two people responsible should be ashamed at their actions. I hope we are able to find the two men so we can find out exactly what motivated them to hurt an elderly man.

"I would like to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time, or anyone who saw two men leaving the Butterworth Park area very quickly at the time of the incident. If you know who responsible, please get in touch with us."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 40/30391/19. You can also report online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

For more information about Signpost, visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com
