```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Luton Community Policing team attended an address in Cardiff Grove on Thursday (15 October) following reports of concern for the welfare of a woman at the property.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Two women safeguarded and drugs and weapons recovered at Luton property
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-women-safeguarded-and-drugs-and-weapons-recovered-at-luton-property
```

### Officers from the Luton Community Policing team attended an address in Cardiff Grove on Thursday (15 October) following reports of concern for the welfare of a woman at the property.

Two women were found at the address and were safeguarded. While at the location, officers also recovered a Zombie knife, along with evidence of drug dealing, including cash, scales and drugs.

A 17-year-old boy from London was arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, possession of a bladed article, obstructing police and breaching bail, and was taken to Luton Police Station. He has been released under investigation.

Sergeant Simon Betts, from the Luton Community Policing Team, said: "This was an excellent example of the local community working alongside our officers to tackle drug-related crime and assist those at risk of being exploited.

"We'll continue to pursue the criminals looking to bring harm to our areas and are committed to ensuring they face justice for their actions.

"I'd like to thank those who reported the initial concern to us, and urge anyone who sees suspicious activity in their area to get in touch."

Anyone with information about drug dealing or any other criminality can report it online by visiting our report page or by calling 101.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU), aims to tackle the root causes of serious violence.
