```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Fitness programme, validated by elite performance coaches from the world of professional sport, is available to potential police recruits.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: New fitness programme launched for potential police recruits
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruit-fitness-programme-sept2019
```

**A new nine-week fitness training programme has been launched for potential recruits to follow, to prepare themselves for a career in policing, as our recruitment drive continues.**

The programme is downloadable from our recruitment website and has been validated by elite performance coaches from the world of professional sport.

Superintendent Nick Lyall said: "If you're looking for a challenging new career, please think about joining us. Physical fitness is an essential part of being a police officer; the 'day-today' is physically and mentally demanding. This basic plan, if followed closely, is a fantastic opportunity for our applicants to prepare themselves for a demanding role."

"I believe no other force in the UK has anything as detailed or as structured to help candidates prepare for a career in policing.

"As a police officer you will be expected to attend unpredictable incidents, work under testing conditions, often at a moment's notice and without time to warm up or prepare. You will often use your physical capabilities to resolve these issues and, by the very nature of this role, you should consider yourself an athlete. Without a healthy, functioning body you simply will not be able to do your job effectively.

"In Bedfordshire we aspire to be a force for all - by truly reflecting the communities that we serve and encouraging people from all backgrounds and walks of life to serve their community by joining our ranks."

Our recruitment drive is the biggest in decades, and follows Prime Minister Boris Johnson's commitment to increase police numbers over the next three years.

To find out more about becoming a police officer and how to apply, visit our information pages.
