```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our specialist guns and gangs unit has showcased its work to the policing minister as it continues to crack down on violence and exploitation.
publish:
  date: 11 Aug 2020
title: Policing minister hears about our work driving down serious violence and exploitation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ministers-violence-exploitation-aug20
```

**Our specialist guns and gangs unit has showcased its work to the policing minister as we continue to crack down on violence and exploitation.**

The Minister for Crime and Policing, Kit Malthouse, visited our headquarters today (Tuesday) and spent some time with the Boson team to see what work they are doing to tackle gun and gang activity and drive down serious youth violence in the county.

Bedfordshire has received more than £10 million of government funding over the last two years to tackle serious youth violence, both through enforcement activity as well as funding prevention and diversion projects for young people.

In this time, Boson has carried out 300 search warrants, arrested more than 400 suspects and seized 47 firearms, 23 imitation firearms, 1,252 rounds of viable ammunition, 7.3 kilos of Class A and 11.4 kilos of Class B drugs as well as more than £156,000 in cash.

The team is managing a significant number of different gangs and organised crime groups and plays a leading role in preventing serious youth violence in the first place.

More than 200 young people have been referred to multi-agency panels chaired by Boson over the past two months to steer them away from gangs and potential exploitation.

This work has helped achieve a nine per cent reduction in serious youth violence in Bedfordshire to the end of March, which equates to around 200 fewer victims in high vulnerability communities.

Boson showed Mr Malthouse a video of the daily reality that officers face, and talked the minister through how the team is managing gangs, combatting drugs and county lines and the prevention work it is doing with partners to divert those susceptible to gang exploitation.

Detective Superintendent Duncan Young said: "It was great having the minister visit today, as we were able to show him the good work we do in Boson and how we have used government funding in our fight against gun and gang activity and serious youth violence.

"However, we have also been able to show him the levels of demand that exist within Bedfordshire and why we need that continued support to help us continue to drive down and reduce this even further.

"A big part of this will be tackling the illegal drugs market, which drives so much of the organised criminal activity and serious violence we see in the county. We are committed to taking a partnership approach to cracking this problem, which I know the minister wholeheartedly supports."

Anyone with any information or concerns about drugs or gang activity can contact police through Bedfordshire.police.uk/report or through 101.

You can also report information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

For more information or support on gangs and serious violence please visit bedsveru.org
