```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Airport Policing Unit, based at London Luton Airport, yesterday (Monday) adopted specialist new tactics aimed at tackling a range of criminal activity, including terrorism, across the site.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2018
title: Airport Policing Unit adopts anti-terrorism Project Servator tactic
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/project-servator-adopted-June18
```

**Our Airport Policing Unit, based at London Luton Airport, yesterday (Monday) adopted specialist new tactics aimed at tackling a range of criminal activity, including terrorism, across the site.**

Project Servator is a policing tactic already adopted in specific locations across country, including key transport hubs such as Heathrow Airport and more widely across London, and is designed to deter, detect and disrupt a range of crime, whilst reassuring members of the public.

The highly visible deployments can happen at any time and at any location in and around the airport. They involve uniformed and plain clothed police officers specially trained to identify individuals who may have criminal intent and are supported by specialist police resources such as search dogs and armed officers. CCTV and vehicle checkpoints are also used to keep people safe and secure.

Inspector Ian Taylor, tactical commander of the Airport Policing Unit, said: "Project Servator is a tried-and-tested tactic which has already been successful in a number of notable places across the country.

"The safety of everyone within the airport, from visitors to members of staff, is our absolute priority and these new tactics will ensure that we are evolving as a workforce to combat the criminal activity we see at the airport.

"The deployments will form a key part of our activity at the airport and support the vital work the team already does on a daily basis to keep the site as safe and secure as possible in conjunction with our partners at the Airport and the wider Airport community."

The public is urged to report any suspicious activity or behaviour to a police officer, member of airport staff, or to call local police on 101. Alternatively, report it via our online reporting tool here. In an emergency, always call 999.

More information on Project Servator can be found here. You can also follow the Airport Policing Unit on Twitter.
