```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Tributes have been paid to Gurdial Singh Dhalliwal, 74, who died after being involved in a collision with a blue BMW M5 in Luton on 29 October.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2018
title: Family tribute to man who died in Luton collision
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-luton-collision-nov18
```

**Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a road traffic collision on Monday 29 October.**

Gurdial Singh Dhalliwal, 74, of Wellgate Road, Luton, succumbed to his injuries after he was involved in a collision with a blue BMW M5, near the junction of Dunstable Road and Derby Road, at around 2.30pm.

Police have so far interviewed four suspects believed to be involved in the collision, and who continue to assist police with their enquiries.

Mr Dhalliwal's family said: "Our Dad was a 74-year-old father, grandfather and a loving husband. We are all devastated and totally heartbroken as a family. Our world has fallen apart, and has been changed forever. A light has gone out for us and for the community, he was our rock.

"Thank you to the kind Samaritans that tried to help, and comforted him. We didn't make it in time to say goodbye, but at least we were all together at the time to identify him.

"Our Dad lived in Luton for more than 55 years, he loved this town. He was well known and loved in the Sikh community and also the wider community.

"He worked very hard all his life, at one point working three jobs in order to support his family.

"He retired nine years ago, and enjoyed spending time with his grandchildren; going for walks, going to the park to feed the ducks, spending quality time with his family and travelling on the buses. Dad was born in Punjab India, where his love for farming continued into his love for gardening.

"We just don't know how we are ever going to cope without him. We thought we had years to enjoy his laughter and love, he always looked after himself in respect to his health.

"What a waste of such a wonderful life, to end like that, is such an unnecessary act, and for us to have to cross the path where this tragedy happened will haunt us for as long as we live.

"We will miss him immensely."

We are continuing to appeal for information in relation to the collision. Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 or visit our online reporting centre, quoting Operation Mountain. We are particularly keen to hear from drivers with dashcams who were in the area at the time.

Gurdial Singh Dhalliwal
