```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: During the warrant officers our Boson guns and gangs team recovered two handguns
publish:
  date: 1 May 2020
title: Drug dealer found with gun is jailed for five years
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dealer-gun-jailed-apr20
```

A drug dealer found with a gun has been jailed for five years.

Jordan Ellis-Dingwall, 21, of Swan Mead Road, Luton, was arrested following a warrant in February.

During the warrant officers from our Boson guns and gangs team recovered two handguns from the chest of drawers in Ellis-Dingwall's bedroom.

...

One of these was found to be a viable firearm.

Officers also recovered a number of bags of cocaine and heroin from the same chest of drawers.

This week Ellis-Dingwall pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin as well as possession of a firearm.

On Tuesday (28 April) he was sentenced to five years behind bars.

Detective Inspector Mark Pugh, the force operational lead for drugs, county lines and serious violence, said: "This case reflects the sad reality of life as a gang member.

"I cannot stress this message enough: if you join a gang, deal drugs and carry weapons, you are putting yourselves and your loved ones at risk.

"We will continue to pursue those we suspect of being involved and put them behind bars."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to contact us on 101 or via our online reporting centre

All this information is fed into our intelligence systems and can help us get a better understanding of organised crime.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Unit website.
