```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Our Special Constables are celebrating this year\u2019s National Specials Weekend, starting tomorrow (Thursday), on a string of deployments and targeted operations."
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Bedfordshire Specials celebrate National Specials Weekend
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-spcecials-week-may19
```

**Our Special Constables are celebrating this year 's National Specials Weekend, starting tomorrow (Thursday), on a string of deployments and targeted operations. They will also hold an open day at Riseley Police Station on Saturday (1 June). **

National Specials Weekend is a national event which makes visible and planned used of the Special Constabulary, to promote the significant contribution volunteer police officers make to policing.

The force has a number of Special Constables who dedicate their free time to support their community, and help keep the neighbourhoods across Bedfordshire safe. They will be out and about each day, until Sunday, on varied deployments across the county.

Tomorrow and on Friday, Specials will be supporting the response teams that cover the entire county, to help out with incidents requiring immediate attention. Additionally, on Friday evening our volunteers will be deployed to support Operation Night Owl, which is in place to keep people safe on a night out.

The Specials will also be holding an open day at Riseley Police Station, between 10am and 4pm, on Saturday 1 June. This station is not usually open to the public, and the open day is an opportunity for residents of Riseley and the surrounding villages to see how their local police station operates. Anyone interested in being a Special Constable can have a chat with our volunteers and learn about the role and how to apply.

During the weekend, Special Constables who have completed off-road bike training will carry out Operation Meteor to target nuisance bikers on and off-road in both the south and north of the county.

Our Specials will also be carrying out speed checks, ANPR checks and high visibility patrols.

Special Inspector Dean Torr, who organised the event, said: "Our force has so many great volunteers who provide support to regular officers on a daily basis. We regularly carry out night time economy patrols, and support response officers and Operation Meteor.

"We also have a dedicated unit based at London Luton Airport. During this weekend we will be showcasing the number of ways people can dedicate their time and support their community as volunteers in our force.

"If you think being a Special is something you would like to do, you can come to our event and have a chat about the numerous ways you can serve as a Special Constable."

If you would like to learn more about being a Special Constable, and how to apply, there is more information on the force's website.

You can also read about volunteering as police staff and other recruitment opportunities within the force.
