```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging football fans not to be tempted to get behind the wheel after drinking alcohol.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2018
title: Drivers urged to be cautious ahead of World Cup
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drink-driving-worldcup-june18
```

**Ahead of the start of the FIFA World Cup in Russia tomorrow (Thursday), we are urging football fans not to be tempted to get behind the wheel after drinking alcohol.**

Throughout the tournament, our officers will be cracking down on drivers who are driving dangerously, both after matches and also the morning after, and are asking for supporters planning to drive to watch games in pubs to be extra vigilant.

It is estimated that for each unit of alcohol consumed it takes at least an hour to enter the body and a further hour to leave it. If you were to drink four pints of lager for example, you should not drive for at least 13 hours from finishing your last pint.

Inspector Jamie Langwith, from the Roads Policing Unit said: "It is important that anyone thinking of getting behind the wheel either following a match or the morning after drinking thinks carefully.

"This time of year always carries a greater risk of drink driving and we need to target our enforcement on this for the driver's safety and also for the safety of others.

"Please do not take the risk of driving if you plan to drink as you will more than likely be caught and the potential consequences on both yourself and others will be severe and won't be worth the risk."

Penalties for drink driving will mean a minimum of a 12-month disqualification, a fine of up to £5,000 and possibly 6 months in prison. Causing death by careless driving whilst under the influence of alcohol can result in a prison term of up to 14 years.

A drink drive conviction will also mean you will have a criminal record, penalty points on your driving licence for 10 years, insurance costs will increase dramatically, hiring a car will become all but impossible and entry to some foreign countries denied.

Anyone wishing to report intelligence related to someone driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs is asked to use our online reporting tool.

To report a live incident of drink driving, call 999.

_Top tips_

**Plan your journey home** **ahead** - not planning your journey home can make drink driving more tempting, so appoint a designated driver.

**Beware of the morning after** - make sure you leave a suitable length of time before you decide to drive in the morning. Even though you may feel fine you may be still over the legal limit.

**Leave your vehicle at home** - if you think you may be tempted to drive home, leave your vehicle at home.

**Do not consume alcohol at all** - the only safe and guaranteed way to ensure you don't drive over the limit is not to drink at all. Different ages, weight and health affects everyone differently so one drink can make all the difference.
