```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Houghton Regis where a man claimed to be a police officer to gain entrance to the property.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2020
title: Appeal for information after distraction burglary in Houghton Regis
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distraction-burglary-houghton-regis
```

### We are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Houghton Regis where a man claimed to be a police officer to gain entrance to the property.

At 8pm on Wednesday (11 November), a man knocked on the door of a property in Whitehouse Close, under the pretence he was a police officer responding to a call in the area.

The victim allowed the man into the property where he continued speaking to her, however once he left she realised that whilst inside he has taken her handbag and purse, as well as the front and back door keys.

The man was described as white, slim and around 5'4''. He was believed to be wearing a black jacket, black trousers, shoes and a black cap, and was seen leaving the scene in a white van.

PC Craig Cullum, part of Operation Maze, the forces dedicated burglary unit, said: "We would like to speak to anyone who may have been contacted in a similar way, or who was in the area and noticed anyone matching the description.

"Police officers will always have identification, so if someone is knocking on your door, please do not be afraid to question them and ask to see proof of who they are.

"We are supporting the victim but understandably this has left her shaken. This type of crime has no place in Bedfordshire and we will work towards catching those responsible.

"In a time where many people are isolated and vulnerable at home during the Coronavirus pandemic, please take some time to talk to elderly and vulnerable neighbours as they may not be aware of how to spot the signs of a distraction burglary."

To find out more about burglary prevention visit Bedfordshire Police's website.

If you have any information please visit our online reporting tool or call 101, quoting reference 40/61306/20.
