```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The head of a new \xA3880,000 unit aimed at tackling the root causes of violence and exploitation in Bedfordshire has vowed to put the community at the heart of her plans"
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2019
title: Head appointed for Bedfordshire's Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/head-violence-exploitation-unit-sep2019
```

**The head of a new £880,000 unit aimed at tackling the root causes of violence and exploitation in Bedfordshire has vowed to put the community at the heart of her plans.**

Kimberley Lamb has officially started work as head of the new unit, which has been funded by the Home Office.

The Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit (VERU) has the support of major statutory agencies across the county, such as the ourselves, local authorities and the health service.

The VERU aims to create a network which can stop young people getting involved in serious violence, mirroring the public health approach which has been so successful in Scotland.

Mrs Lamb said: "Things like gun and knife crime are often driven by factors like organised crime and gang membership, including the criminal exploitation of children and other vulnerable people by those involved in county lines and wider drug dealing.

"I firmly believe that much of this associated violence can be prevented by creating the right support and interventions for those young people most at risk.

"Different agencies working together can play a huge part in that, and we want to build on the successful work that has gone into tackling things like child sexual exploitation in Bedfordshire.

"However, the community is absolutely integral to what I want to achieve with the VERU. I will invest in and empower our communities to play their part in ending this blight across our county, and hopefully create that 'village' mentality where everyone feels they have a role to play in protecting our young people."

The announcement comes in the same week that Bedfordshire Police is running a series of activities to tackle knife crime through Operation Sceptre.

Bedfordshire is one of 18 police force areas across the country to receive funding from the Home Office for violence reduction units, with the county's £880,000 having to be spent by the end of March.

Around a quarter of this funding has been earmarked for community projects which can divert young people away from gangs and serious violence.

The new unit will also set up a youth support worker service to work with those at risk of gang association.

Mrs Lamb has joined the VERU from her previous role leading Bedfordshire Police's work around victim services and early intervention.

She started her career in the finance and legal sectors before moving more into social justice projects, and has spent the past two decades working in senior positions in the education and criminal justice sectors.

Mrs Lamb is also involved in a significant amount of voluntary work, and is currently a school governor, lay member of the Luton Safeguarding Children's Board and vice-chair of a local charity.

She has written a blog about her background and vision for the VERU, which has been posted online.

The VERU's work will be overseen by a strategic board made up of all the different agencies signed up to it, including councils, schools, public health and the police.

Councillor Colleen Atkins, portfolio holder for Community Safety at Bedford Borough Council, said: "The issue of knife crime and serious violence is being taken very seriously in Bedford and across Bedfordshire.

"We look forward to Kimberley's appointment and the work of the new Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit having a big impact as we work together to tackle this worrying situation and the detrimental effect it is having on our communities."

Mrs Lamb added: "Bedfordshire is the only unit in the country with 'exploitation' in its title, and I am determined to be different and innovative in how we do business.

"I came from a disadvantaged background myself, and have only been able to get to where I am today because I had the right support and interventions.

"I want to ensure that young people in Bedfordshire can access a similar pathway in order to turn their lives around."
