```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The rain didn\u2019t stop hundreds of families turning out for our annual Family Fun Day on Saturday (8 September)."
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2018
title: Police Fun Day hailed a success
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-fun-day-sept2018
```

**The rain didn 't stop hundreds of families turning out for our annual Family Fun Day on Saturday (8 September).**

More than 2,000 people attended the annual event at police headquarters in Kempston, which gives people the chance to find out more about the force. People had the chance to see displays from different departments including the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit and a visit from the police helicopter.

There were a host of interactive activities for young and old to try their hand at, including a Bikeability 'unrideable bike' challenge, a 'crime scene' to investigate and a chance to meet officers from 24 Hours in Police Custody.

There were meet and greet opportunities with Bobby Bear and Chase from Paw Patrol, while children also got the chance to join in with a tug of war competition. A selection of fundraising events were held during the day and raised more than £1,200 for Embrace, a charity which supports children who have been the victim or affected by crime.

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "This is the fourth year we have held the Family Fun Day and it was a tremendous success. It is fantastic to see so many people coming along to find out more about policing and to really get involved with what we do. "Our communities are so important to us, so it is great to have the opportunity to really spend time with people and show them what policing is all about and give them an insight into team Bedfordshire.

"We are a friendly force and events like this help us build strong relationships with members of the public. I look forward to next year's event being even bigger and even better."
