```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new week-long speeding awareness campaign has been launched across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH).
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2018
title: Police target speeding drivers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/speeding-awareness-campaign-aug18
```

**Police across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) are launching a week-long campaign today (6 August) to target speeding drivers across the three counties.**

The campaign aims to tackle dangerous driving by raising public awareness of the potentially fatal consequences of driving at an inappropriate or illegal speed.

Throughout the planned week of action, officers across the BCH Roads Policing Unit (RPU) will dedicate all available patrols, which are not responding to emergency calls, to tackling dangerous drivers who choose to ignore the speed limit.

BCH Roads Policing Sergeant Ian Manley said: "There is clearly still a lot of work to do to tackle dangerous driving across the county. "Speeding is one of the 'Fatal Four' offences that are most likely to cause a collision, therefore we must do all we can to prevent as many avoidable collisions on the roads of Bedfordshire as possible."

In 2017 alone, the RPU dealt with more than 70,000 speeding offences across Bedfordshire, with men aged 36 - 45 proving to be the most prolific offenders.

Speaking on the rate of offences in the region, Sergeant Manley said: "We don't want the public's money, we want people to stop driving dangerously and keep safe on the counties roads.

"There have been too many lives lost as a result of speeding and all we ask is that people do their bit by sticking to the limit or driving at speeds that are appropriate for the driving conditions."

In Bedfordshire, we have Community Speed Watch, which is a scheme to help people reduce traffic speeding through their neighbourhood.

The scheme enables volunteers to work within their community to raise awareness of the dangers of speeding and to help control the problem locally.

It currently operates in the area's administered by Bedford Borough Council and Central Bedfordshire Council and is also supported by Luton Borough Council and Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service. Community Speed Watch can be set up in any ward, village or parish governed by a 20/30/40 miles per hour speed limit.

If you would like to volunteer or find out more information please complete the Guidance and Registration Pack or email Speedwatch.

To report an incident of dangerous driving, visit www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report
