```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The head of the force
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: Force reassures victims after officer is dismissed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Victims-reassured-after-officer-dismissed
```

The head of the force's response to domestic abuse has reassured victims that they will be believed and supported after a police officer was dismissed for failing to adequately support a woman who was seeking a restraining order on her partner.

DC Mohammed Hussain was dismissed with immediate effect this week following a gross misconduct hearing which found he had failed in his duty to properly investigate alleged breaches of a non-molestation order, as well as breaching standards of behaviour in respect of fairness, impartiality, respect and courtesy in how he had treated other victims.

This included failing to conduct thorough enquiries in relation to these cases, as well as making inappropriate comments to victims.

Following the case, Detective Chief Superintendent Dee Perkins, head of crime and public protection at the force, said: "Mohammed Hussain's actions are totally against our policies and values. He tried to reflect his own misguided beliefs onto the people he should have been protecting. As a result, his position with the force was entirely untenable, and I hope this case reassures victims that we will not tolerate such behaviour.

"Those subjected to domestic abuse often have to overcome numerous physical and emotional barriers to speak to the police, and we have a duty to support them in every way possible through that journey.

"All of the victims let down by this officer have been engaged, supported and safeguarded by our Emerald officers, with thorough investigations carried out and positive action taken against the offenders.

"We understand how difficult it can be to report abuse, and so we want our message to be clear to those who need our help - please come forward to speak to us, we will believe you."

DC Hussain, who was based at Luton Police Station, was yesterday (Thursday) found to have breached the standards of professional behaviour on four counts following a four-day hearing at King's House in Bedford.

Find out more information and advice about domestic abuse.

To report abuse you can call us on 101, or via our online reporting tool. Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Victims of domestic abuse can also contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the abuse has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com
