```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed in the early hours of this morning (Saturday 15).
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after stabbing in Flitwick
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-stabbing-flitwick-aug20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed in the early hours of this morning (Saturday 15).

At approximately 12.10am, we were called to reports that a man had been stabbed following an altercation with another man in a car park in Dunstable Road.

The victim suffered four stab wounds and was taken to hospital. His injuries are not believed to be life threatening or life changing.

The offender has been described as a white man wearing blue jeans, white trainers and a black baseball cap, believed to be six feet tall with distinctive tattoos on his face.

He was seen leaving the scene with two women in a white Suzuki Swift with a chequered flag across the bonnet and roof. One woman has been described as 5"6' with blonde hair wearing a checked grey dress and the other with dark hair.

Detective Sergeant Simon Hancock from Bedfordshire Police's Crime Investigation Team said: "We would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at that time and has any information to help us establish who the offender is.

"The description of the offender and car is very distinctive and we believe the public will be able to help us identify who he is.

"This was a scary incident for the victim and the wider community . We do not tolerate knife crime in our county and are determined to find those responsible."

Anyone with information can contact police through the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101, quoting reference number 7 of today (15 August).

Alternatively, you call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
