```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who was spotted by police committing a robbery and then attempted to hide in a basement has been jailed for more than four years.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Robber who attempted to hide in basement jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robber-who-attempted-to-hide-in-basement-jailed
```

### A man who was spotted by police committing a robbery and then attempted to hide in a basement has been jailed for more than four years.

Our officers spotted Mohammed Sada, 25, of The Embankment, Bedford, in a scuffle with another man in Midland Road on 22 April.

As officers approached, Sada was seen dropping what turned out to be the victim's wallet before he ran away.

Sada attempted to evade officers by climbing over a six feet tall wall down an alleyway off Church Street before climbing onto the roof of a building.

Police established a cordon in the area and a member of the public directed officers to a basement door, which was usually open but had been locked.

Officers forced entry through the door, despite mattresses having been placed up against it to prevent access. Inside they found Sada laying on the floor.

At the time Sada was also subject to a criminal behaviour order which banned him from entering Midland Road, which had been put in place to due to previous offending.

Sada was found guilty of robbery and breaching a criminal behaviour order.

On Monday (5 October) he was sentenced to four years and three months for the robbery offence, as well as 10 months for the criminal behaviour order breach. This will be served concurrently.

PC George Mallen, who investigated the offence, said: "This was a nasty and cowardly attack, with Sada grabbing his victim from behind.

"He then showed a complete disregard for the law by making off from our officers and attempted to hide.

"Sada's experience should serve as a warning to others - if you commit crime, there is nowhere to run or hide where we won't find you."

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpost for bedfordshire for further information.
