```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man who burgled the same home in Luton twice in two days has been jailed for almost three years.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2020
title: Burglar who targeted Luton home twice in two days is jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglar-jailed
```

### A man who burgled the same home in Luton twice in two days has been jailed for almost three years.

Stephen Gill, 30, of Ashton Road, Luton, pleaded guilty to burglary and fraud offences in relation to an incident in November.

Gill targeted a property in Luton on two occasions, stealing electronic items, a bank card and keys.

When Gill tried to use the stolen bank card to withdraw money, a bank employee became suspicious and called the police.

Gill was then arrested on suspicion of fraud.

The card was identified as having been stolen in a burglary, and a search warrant was carried out at Gill's address.

During the search, the keys, a TV, a computer and a mobile phone belonging to the burglary victim, were recovered.

Gill pleaded guilty to burglary and fraud, as well as breaching the terms of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) which was already in place.

At Luton Crown Court on Friday (18 December) he was sentenced to a total of two years and eight months in prison.

Detective Constable Daniel Matcham, who investigated the case, said: "Gill had targeted the same home twice and stole a number of valuable items, causing distress to his victims.

"He was also found in possession of a mobile phone, which was contrary to the conditions of his Sexual Harm Prevention Order, which prohibits him from owning more than one mobile phone.

"We are really grateful in particular to the member of bank staff who alerted us and reported Gill's suspicious behaviour, which played a crucial part in helping us crack this case."

Anyone with suspicions about criminal activity can contact police via report.

If you've been affected by crime you can also contact Signpost for free and confidential support, whether the crime has been reported to police or not. For further information or to get in contact, visit signpostforbedfordshire
