```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Dunstable and Houghton Regis community policing team carried out a successful intelligence led warrant earlier today (Thursday) in Spinney Crescent, Dunstable.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2019
title: Local community team recovers 10 bikes
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bikes-recovered-warrant-july2019
```

The Dunstable and Houghton Regis community policing team carried out a successful intelligence led warrant earlier today (Thursday) in Spinney Crescent, Dunstable.

A number of reports suggested that the location was being used for illicit purposes. Officers carried out a search of the property and discovered a quantity of class B drugs as well as 10 motorcycles.

The bikes are all believed to be stolen, and officers are working on identifying the rightful owners.

Additionally, as a result of the warrant a 17-year-old boy, a 20-year-old man and a 42-year-old woman were arrested.

Sergeant Louise Bates, from the Central Bedfordshire Community team, said: "We hope this result will show how seriously we treat public concerns surrounding anti-social behaviour. Thanks to the intelligence picture we were able to build, based on information passed to us by the community, we recovered a significant quantity of drugs from the location as well as an astonishing 10 motorbikes, which are believed to be stolen.

"We are acutely aware of the impact that off-road motorbikes have in the local area. Hopefully now these bikes are seized, they won't be used to cause disruption in the neighbourhood. We would like to reassure our residents that we will take all reports of anti-social behaviour seriously, and thanks to public support we are able to carry out successful operations like today."

If you have any concerns about anti-social behaviour in your area please get in touch by calling 101 or submitting a report through the force's online reporting centre at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

You can also report your concerns anonymously by calling independent charity Crimestoppers on 08000 555 111.
