```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for seven-and-half years today (Friday) after he admitted seriously assaulting a woman in Luton.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Man jailed for vicious attack on woman
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-attack
```

**A man has been jailed for seven-and-half years today (Friday) after he admitted seriously assaulting a woman in Luton.**

Joel Nestor, 40, from Tottenham, launched a violent attack on the woman in Putteridge Road on the evening of Wednesday, 12 April, after verbally abusing and spitting on her. He became increasingly threatening and forceful and, when the woman tried to flee and get the attention of a passing car, he dragged her to a property where he attacked her. She suffered a number of injuries including a broken collarbone.

Officers managed to end her ordeal after being called to the property by concerned neighbours.

Appearing at Luton Crown Court, Nestor was sentenced to a total of seven-and-a-half years behind bars after previously pleading guilty on the first day of his trial to grievous bodily harm, actual bodily harm, criminal damage, false imprisonment and kidnap. A further charge of rape was ordered to lie on his file. Brandishing him a dangerous offender the judge ordered that he would serve an extended licence period of a further three years when he is released from prison.

Detective Constable Paul Falcon, from the force's Emerald team, said: "Nestor subjected the victim to an angry and aggressive attack. His intimidating and violent behaviour was terrifying.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour and the force is committed to tackling those who think they can get away with such truly sickening actions. We want to send a strong message of reassurance to victims of abuse that we can help you and justice can be done.

"I hope that the conviction and today's sentence, which will see Nestor spend a lengthy time behind bars, will give some sense of justice to the victim and the knowledge that the man who subjected her to this terrible ordeal has been brought to justice can help her move forward."

Anyone who is being subjected to abuse, or is concerned for a friend or family member is asked to call police on 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
