```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are supporting Bedford Borough Council to ensure local people stay safe at the event
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: Police to support Bedford River Festival
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-river-festival-july2018
```

**In preparation for the coming weekend 's River Festival, we are again supporting Bedford Borough Council to ensure local people stay safe at the event.**

Officers will be conducting high visibility patrols, with support from the Special Constabulary, to keep the festival fun for all attending. In addition, Lime Street Community Hub will extending its operational hours on both Saturday 14 July and Sunday 15 July, now opening between 11am and 7pm.

Anyone wanting to speak to an officer or wishes to report suspicious behaviour will be able to use the mobile police station, which will be set up on the Embankment in Bushmead Avenue.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "The River Festival really showcases what an amazing town Bedford is and continues to attract people from across the country to spend a fun and exciting time in Bedford.

"This is a great opportunity to show the community spirit of our county and celebrate the festival in safe atmosphere.

"With many people planning to attend the event with their families, it's obviously our priority to ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable day. We will have a number of officers available during the festival who will make sure that anyone looking to disrupt proceedings is dealt with appropriately."

We have the following tips for the event:

 * Stay together - make sure you stick together and get home safely, either with your group or in a taxi. Plan your route home in advance, bearing in mind road closures which are being put in place within and surrounding the festival footprint.
 * Stay secure - remember to keep your mobile telephone and other valuables out of sight. Ensure bags are properly closed and keep them close to your body.
 * Stay safe - Police will be maintaining a presence in the festival footprint and around Luton, but when making your way home try to keep to main roads with streetlights and avoid dark alleyways and shortcuts.
 * Stay calm - Report any concerns about suspicious behaviour or criminality immediately to the nearest steward or officer, or alternatively call 101. If a crime is in progress, dial 999. If an incident occurs police will be able to help.
 * Stay sensible - Excessive alcohol consumption and the use of drugs will not be permitted. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so sensibly and if the weather is warm ensure you are hydrated and not over-exposed to sunshine.
 * Keep children safe - familiarise yourselves with welfare points.
 * Leave your animals at home - the carnival is a fun and family friendly event but the noise levels and large numbers of people make it unsafe for pets. Under the animal welfare grounds you will be asked to leave if you bring a dog to the festival. Do right by your dog and leave it at home.
 * Keep up to date - follow Twitter for updates leading up to and throughout the weekend using #BedfordRF18
