```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Leighton Buzzard Community Policing team has launched a new operation, which is a direct response to community concerns regarding thefts from motor vehicles, in particular vans.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2018
title: Bedfordshire Police launches operation to tackle thefts from vans
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kane-theft-vans-dec18
```

**Our Leighton Buzzard Community Policing team has launched a new operation, which is a direct response to community concerns regarding thefts from motor vehicles, in particular vans.**

Operation Kane is a complex operation, which involves placing 'trap' vehicles in affected communities.

Therefore offenders who attempt to steal the vehicle or the tools inside it can be quickly identified and apprehended.

This operation has been carefully planned between a number of the force's departments and the local community team.

PC James Bonney, community policing officer who initiated this operation, said: "We are placing trap vehicles in neighbourhoods within Leighton Buzzard and surrounding rural areas to tackle this crime which can have a crippling effect on victims, costing them thousands and impacting their ability to do their job.

"We want to send a clear message to the perpetrators. If you are planning to commit a crime and steal a vehicle or anything in it - think twice. Your next target may be one of our traps.

"Local residents can also help us by removing tools, equipment and other valuables from their vehicles overnight."

More information on how to property mark your tools and advice around protecting your vehicle can be found on our website.
