```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Join us at our Family Fun Day on Saturday (8 September)!
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2018
title: Family Fun Day returns on Saturday
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-fun-day-2018
```

**Our Family Fun Day is returning on Saturday (8 September), giving the public the chance to join the party and see what it 's like to walk the beat.**

The free event will take place from 11am until 3pm at the force's Kempston HQ, and will give families an opportunity to enjoy a day of entertainment whilst getting an insight into the force's work.

A number of police departments - including the Community Cohesion and Scientific Services teams - will be present, giving people the opportunity to get involved with their areas of expertise.

The stars of the fun day - the police dogs - will return to show off their special skills, and officers and the production team from 24 Hours in Police Custody will answering your questions about the show.

Police vehicles will also be present and, depending on operational needs, those attending will get a glimpse of the helicopter, too.

Paw Patrol's Chase will be the special guest and children will have the chance to ride Pearl the Unicorn and design their own police hat.

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "We're excited to be hosting our fourth Family Fun Day; it's important to me that we invite the public in to find out more about what we do. Last year, around 1,000 people attended, and we're looking forward to welcoming our communities again this year.

"It's also a really good chance to invite our partners so they can demonstrate what they do, and the ways they support us to fight crime and protect the public."

No pets will be allowed on site during the event, guide dogs however are allowed.

To find out more about the event visit our Facebook page.
