```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s Cadets have raised over \xA32,000 by sleeping outside on Friday night (15 December), to raise awareness of homelessness."
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: "Cadets sleep outside and raise over \xA32,000"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadets-homeless-campaign-2017
```

Our Cadets have raised over £2,000 by sleeping outside on Friday night (15 December), to raise awareness of homelessness.

43 Cadets and five Cadet Instructors slept in one of the car parks at Police Headquarters. Through sponsorship they have raised £2,200 and hope to reach the £3,000 mark once all donations have been collected. The money will be split between SMART Prebend Day Centre, Emmaus and the Cadet programme to fund activities for the Cadets throughout the year.

The Cadets were asked to take notes during the experience, with one writing: "I am cold, lost and alone. Being homeless is a lot harder than I first predicted but with my fellow Cadets here to guide me I know I'll pull through. It has been an interesting night."

As part of their campaign, the Cadets also ran a shoebox appeal, asking people to donate items such as clothing, toiletries, sleeping bags, blankets and chocolate. Almost 100 boxes were donated by the Cadets, their friends and family and officers and staff working for Bedfordshire Police, and were taken to SMART Prebend Day Centre on Monday (18 December).

Assistant Chief Constable of Bedfordshire Police, Jackie Sebire, said: "I am incredibly proud of our Cadets and their campaign. We have seen some very cold temperatures this month so far, and it's important that we remember there are people who are sleeping in those conditions night after night.

"Our community policing teams regularly run Operation Highgate in Bedford Town Centre, which aims to tackle anti-social behaviour. However as part of this operation, our officers do engage with local homeless people and will try to work with other services who can also offer support.

"We're very grateful to everyone who has sponsored the Cadets, and to everyone from the force who donated items. I hope we have managed to make a real difference this Christmas."
