```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who attempted to drive away from police as they went to arrest him has been jailed for more than five years.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2021
title: "First jail sentence in organised crime crackdown which has seized more than \xA31 million in assets"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-sentence-crackdown-feb21
```

**A drug dealer who attempted to drive away from police as they went to arrest him has been jailed for more than five years.**

Our detectives seized more than £40,000 in cash and around a kilo of Class A drugs as part of the operation which led to the arrest of Ethan Mitchell, 25, of Dewsbury Road, Luton.

This is the first jail sentence to be handed out under Operation Costello, a major crackdown on organised crime gangs in Luton.

Mitchell sped off from officers near his home address as they went to question him on 18 June, and mounted the kerb in a busy residential street to avoid a number of other police vehicles.

Officers eventually located him on foot nearby and discovered he was in possession of a bag containing around £2,000 in cash.

After his arrest, our Boson guns and gangs unit alongside our Serious and Organised Crime Unit executed a warrant at Mitchell's address.

Whilst there, they located a safe which contained around £40,000 in cash, while further searches at the address uncovered cocaine and ecstasy, both of which are Class A drugs.

Mitchell was charged with possession with intent to supply cocaine and ecstasy, as well as possession of criminal property.

On Wednesday (3 February) he was handed jail terms of five years and three months, as well as three years and four months, for the drug offences, with a further four month sentence for possession of criminal property.

These sentences will be served concurrently.

Operation Costello is the largest operation we have ever run to combat organised crime gangs, going after the major players involved in the importation and distribution of drugs locally.

It is our response to the national Operation Venetic, which looks at criminality associated with specialist encrypted phones.

Cracking the encryption on these specialist devices has enabled police to shine a light on the networks suspected of being involved in the highest levels of serious and organised crime across the country.

Since July, we have carried out 83 warrants under Operation Costello, resulting in 44 arrests, 15 people being charged, and the seizure of firearms and other weapons, around six kilos of Class A and B drugs, as well as around £580,000 in cash.

More than £1 million in assets have been seized in total under the operation, including cash, jewellery and property.

The Eastern Region Special Operations Unit has also run a number of major operations targeting organised crime in Bedfordshire and across the region as part of Operation Venetic.

The regional unit's work in Luton has resulted in the seizure of 90 kilos of Class A drugs, seven firearms, around £40,000 in cash, as well as jewellery worth in the region of £250,000.

Detective Superintendent Julie Henderson, who is leading Operation Costello, said: "The intelligence and investigative work under this operation has given us a once in a generation opportunity to dismantle the organised criminal gangs blighting lives and communities in Luton.

"The people we are going after make their money off the back of hardship and misery. Addiction, anti-social behaviour, knife crime, human trafficking - so much of this can be directly linked to the illegal drugs trade.

"We now have an opportunity to help make real and lasting change, but need the public's help to do so. If you suspect someone is involved in organised crime, please report it and help us make a difference.

"If someone has money, possessions or property which you suspect is beyond their means or what they can realistically pay for, this can be a key indicator they may be involved in organised crime. Don't let these people profit off exploitation.

"If you would rather not speak to us, you can also speak to Crimestoppers, who will take reports anonymously and in confidence."

Anyone with any information about drug dealing and organised crime can report it via Bedfordshire.police.uk/report

All of these reports are fed into police intelligence systems and can help police build up a better picture of organised crime, even if officers do not act on the information straight away.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting their website.

For more information visit this landing page on the Crimestoppers website.
