```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following the attempted robbery in Houghton Regis at approximately 4.40pm on Monday (22 October).
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2018
title: Witnesses of attempted robbery in Houghton Regis sought
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-appeal-oct18
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following the attempted robbery of a grandmother in broad daylight in Houghton Regis on Monday (22 October). **

At approximately 4.40pm, the woman was walking with her two-year-old grandson down the alleyway between Halley's Way and Tennyson Avenue when they were approached by two teenage boys.

After the victim had moved to the side of the path to let them through, one of the offenders grabbed her bag, causing her to fall to the ground. After again attempting to snatch the bag, both offenders then made off empty-handed.

The boys are described as in their mid-to-late teens, with one on a bike and one on foot.

Sergeant Claire Case, who is investigating this incident, said: "This was a violent incident which targeted an innocent victim who was with her young grandchild at the time. This kind of violent behaviour is unacceptable and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything that could help us track down those involved.

"Two teenage girls were seen around the area at the time of the incident, they are not thought to be involved but we are keen to speak to them as we believe they have key information."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us through our online reporting centre or by calling 101 and quoting reference 40/32824/18.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
