```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Bedfordshire Police are appealing for information following a burglary in Herbrand Road, Bedford last Wednesday (25 November).
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Police appeal following a burglary in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-burglary-bedford-dec20
```

Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in Herbrand Road, Bedford last Wednesday (25 November).

At around 10am, two men entered the rear garden and smashed a patio window; in doing so they disturbed the occupant. The men made off on foot in the direction of Duchess Road.

The offenders are described as white men. The first man is described as approximately 5'8", and was wearing a tracksuit with the hood up, a woolly hat and a black face mask. The second man is described as approximately 5'10" and was wearing tracksuit bottoms, with a darker coloured jacket with the hood up, and a dark woolly hat and face covering.

DC Kevin Howes from the force's Crime Investigation team said: "This incident has left the occupant shaken up and with damage to their property.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have any information in relation to this incident to come forward, or to anyone who may have been in the area at this time or may have seen any persons or vehicles acting suspiciously immediately before."

Anyone with information is asked to call DC Howes on 101 or report online https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/Report quoting reference number 40/63948/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, irrespective of where and when the crime occurred. Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
