```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been disqualified from driving for two years after driving a stolen Mercedes through Luton, mounting a kerb and crashing into two cars.
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2019
title: Man disqualified from driving after Luton pursuit
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-disqualified-pursuit-aug2019
```

**A man has been disqualified from driving for two years after driving a stolen Mercedes through Luton, mounting a kerb and crashing into two cars.**

Dayne Brimble, 29, of Copenhagen Close, Luton, was jailed on Monday (19 August) at Luton Crown Court after pleading guilty to dangerous driving, possession of Class A drugs and aggravated vehicle taking.

On 24 February, Brimble was seen by a police officer driving a stolen blue Mercedes on Dallow Road, Luton. The car had been stolen on 22 February from outside a property in Alexandra Avenue.

Knowing the car was stolen, the officer tried to stop it but Brimble reversed at speed up Dallow Road. The officer pursued the vehicle as it travelled on to Dunstable Road, Bale Road and headed towards the Park Viaduct.

When he approached a set of traffic lights that another vehicle had stopped at, Brimble mounted the kerb to overtake it, before making his way up Cardiff Road. He collided with two cars, before abandoning the vehicle in Kingswood Court.

Brimble was arrested during a warrant, where he was also found in possession of drugs.

After being brought to custody and interviewed, he was charged with dangerous driving, aggravated vehicle taking and possession of Class A drugs.

In interview he offered a prepared statement, saying he was a passenger in the vehicle, despite having been identified as the driver by a police officer.

He was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment and disqualified from driving for two years.

Detective Constable Andrew Boston, from the force's Operation Maze team, said: "The sheer recklessness of Brimble's driving is very worrying; he clearly had no regard for anybody else at the time, with his sole aim being to get away from police and evade justice. Thankfully nobody was hurt.

"However, we caught up with him quickly because the officer who was involved in the pursuit recognised him. I am pleased he's been disqualified from driving following this offence, and that he's been brought to justice following this incident."

Operation Maze is our dedicated operation which tackles burglary within Bedfordshire, as well as working with partner agencies to tackle cross-border offences.
