```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Neighbours applaud officers as drug property is closed and three arrested
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2020
title: Neighbours applaud officers
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/neighbours-applaud-officers
```

### Local residents applauded officers from the Bedford Community Policing Team, as they completed the execution of a drugs warrant in Kempston on Thursday (16 July).

The team carried out the search at an address in Stafford Court, Riverside Road and, following a hearing at Luton Magistrates' Court on Friday (17 July), have secured a closure order for three months.

During the operation, two men and a woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs, and a quantity of wraps, believed to contain heroin and crack cocaine, were seized.

All three have been bailed.

Inspector Samantha Hunt, from our Local Policing team said: "Acting on reports from residents concerning drug use and anti-social behaviour at the address, we have arrested three people, successfully secured a full closure order and taken a quantity of drugs out of circulation.

"It was heartening to see the reaction from neighbours who have endured criminality and anti-social behaviour on their doorstep.

"We will now work with the courts and the local authority to prevent further reoccurrence.

"Drugs are a blight on people's lives. Reports from the local community are vital to help us to build a better picture of the issues in the area, and prioritise action to combat criminal activity.

"Please report any concerns you may have about your neighbourhood, as it really does make a difference."

If you have any concerns about criminality in your area, please report it using our online reporting tool

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
