```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s Community Cohesion Champions celebrated joining the force on Friday (6 October)."
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2017
title: Community Cohesion Champions celebrate joining the force
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cohesion-champions-join-force
```

Bedfordshire Police's Community Cohesion Champions celebrated joining the force on Friday (6 October).

Following last year's successful launch of the initiative aimed at 13 to 15 year olds, the programme was launched again for the year 2017/18.

While last year year's pilot solely focused on Luton, this year's programme has seen Champions recruited from all over Bedfordshire. After the recruitment process was completed the teams now consist of 17 young people in the north and 15 in the south of the county.

The new intake's inauguration took place at Bedfordshire Police's Headquarters in Kempston when they received their Community Cohesion Champions ID badges.

During the event the Champions were given an introduction to the work carried out by Bedfordshire Police's Community Cohesion team and were given a sneak peek into their one-year journey with the force.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "The Community Cohesion Champions programme is a great opportunity for young people to get to know our force inside out. Additionally they will have amazing opportunities to help their communities, take part in charitable events and learn about the foundations of policing.

"This is a great start for any teen considering a career in policing and can be a stepping stone into joining Bedfordshire Police's Cadet programme which is aimed at 15 to 18 year olds."
