```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Drugs and weapons including two crossbows have been seized and five arrests made in the latest police crackdown on county lines and criminal exploitation.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: Drugs and weapons seized in the latest police crackdown on county lines and criminal exploitation
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-weapon-seized-Feb21
```

**Drugs and weapons including two crossbows have been seized and five arrests made in the latest police crackdown on county lines and criminal exploitation.**

Yesterday (Wednesday) officers carried out warrants at three addresses in Luton and seized a number of phones, drugs and a quantity of cash.

Subsequently three men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs, as well as a public order offence.

A man in his 20s from Luton was charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and remanded into custody, while two others were released under investigation.

Earlier in the week, on Monday (1 February) officers carried out another warrant in Luton targeted organised criminal gangs.

Upon searching the property, a number of concealed weapons were discovered including two crossbows and a combat knife, as well as paraphernalia associated with drug dealing.

The property has been secured and a three-month partial closure order was granted at Luton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (2 February).

A second warrant was carried out on Monday in Bedford by the forces dedicated gang's unit Boson, where one man was arrested.

Officers seized a number of phones and sim cards which are believed to be used in county lines drugs dealing, which has been linked to the exploitation of vulnerable children in the town.

A 19-year-old man from Bedford was charged and remanded for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs in connection to the investigation.

These warrants are the latest in Bedfordshire Police's response to tackling county lines, where drugs gangs typically sell their products using a dedicated phone line.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn, Bedfordshire Police's tactical lead for imported county lines, said: "This is our latest crack down on county lines and drug dealing as we continue to make Bedfordshire a difficult place for organised criminal gangs to operate. Our enforcement is helping us dismantle organised criminal groups and drug supply lines across the county, and protect those at risk of getting involved in county lines.

"Drugs are a blight on our communities, driving much of the serious violence, exploitation and antisocial behaviour which impacts on our residents.

"We know that we face a significant challenge from organised crime in Bedfordshire - but our communities should be assured that we are on the front foot in tackling it and making our county safer.

"These arrests and seizures come as a result of the excellent work from our intelligence team, tasking team, and our Boson team, who work together to build up our intelligence, gather evidence and carry out enforcement.

"To support our battle against organised crime, we rely on information and concerns from our residents, so if you have any information or concerns in your area, please continue to report it and help us crack down on organised crime."

Anyone with any information about drugs or gang activity is asked to report it via bedfordshire.police.uk/report or to contact police on 101.

All this information is fed into police intelligence systems and can help officers get a better understanding of organised crime.
