```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are seeking information, after a teenage boy was robbed by four offenders in Flitwick on Tuesday (28 July).
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2020
title: Police appeal as teen is robbed of his bike
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-appeal-teen-robbed-his-bike
```

### We are is seeking information, after a teenage boy was robbed by four offenders in Flitwick on Tuesday (28 July).

At approximately 7.30pm, the 13-year-old victim was riding his bike outside Flitwick Leisure Centre with friends, when he was approached by four boys who demanded he hand over his bike.

One of the offenders had a weapon, believed to be a knife or metal pole.

The victim handed over his bike, and the offenders left the location in the direction of the train station.

All four offenders are described as Asian, and aged between 15 and 17 years.

The first offender was wearing black jeans, with a grey and black Nike hoody, and a blue surgical mask.

The second offender was approximately 5'5'' and was wearing a black hoody and black jeans with a hint of grey. He was also wearing an off-white pair of trainers and a blue surgical mask.

The third offender is approximately 6'2''. He was wearing a white hoody with black jeans or jogging bottoms. He had the hood up and wore a grey and black bandana.

The fourth offender was riding an orange and black bike with LED lights.

PC Sarah Jackson, investigating said: "This incident happened during daylight hours in a popular location, and I would urge anyone with information who may have seen the incident, or anyone who matches the description of these offenders, to come forward and assist with our investigation.

"This has left the victim and his friends shaken up, and we will not tolerate this type of crime on the streets of Bedfordshire"

Anyone with information is asked to contact us via our online reporting centre, quoting reference 40/40628/20
