```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We will be in Wyboston today (Friday) carrying out high visibility patrols, a week after a woman was sexually assaulted.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2019
title: 'Wyboston sexual assault: Police continue to appeal for information'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/wyboston-sexual-assault-july19
```

We will be in Wyboston today (Friday) carrying out high visibility patrols, a week after a woman was sexually assaulted.

Officers will be speaking to people in the area, and offering reassurance, as part of an ongoing appeal for information.

At around 8.30am on Friday 28 June, a woman was walking along a footpath between The Lane and Chawston Lane when she was approached by a man who then assaulted her.

The man is described as dark skinned with dark hair and facial stubble, and of an unkempt, dishevelled appearance. He had earrings in both ears, and was wearing a large, diamond-shaped gold ring.

Detective Inspector Craig Laws, leading the investigation, said: "I understand that this incident will cause concern to the residents of Wyboston, and I would like to reassure them that we're taking it incredibly seriously.

"Detectives from the Emerald team - dedicated to investigating serious sexual offences - have carried out extensive enquiries to identify the person responsible, and are continuing to pursue a number of lines of enquiry.

"We're providing ongoing support to the victim, and are continuing to appeal for information from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident, or anyone who may have seen the man described."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us on 101 quoting Operation Odenwald. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and partner agencies including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports can be made to police on 101. You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, emailing info@emeraldcentre.org or calling 01234 897052.
