```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: An additional 54 officers will be recruited into Bedfordshire Police in 2020-21.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police to recruit 54 officers as part of national uplift
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruit-officers-national-uplift-oct19
```

An additional 54 officers will be recruited into Bedfordshire Police in 2020-21, following the latest government announcement on its three-year police recruitment uplift.

The figure for Bedfordshire is part of the first wave of 6,000 new police officers to be recruited nationally, under the plans announced earlier this year to achieve an uplift of 20,000 officers over three years.

The first year target allocated for forces is based upon the existing funding formula for all police forces in England and Wales.

The force's current recruitment window has so far seen high interest in people applying to become a police officer and registering their interest for further information about a career in policing, but there is still time to apply before applications close on 13 October.

Deputy Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst said: "We are thrilled to receive funding to employ an additional 54 police officers in the first year of the government's campaign.

"We want to make Bedfordshire a safer place for all, and with this additional 54 officers we hope to make a real impact in the community.

"We hope to recruit officers from all backgrounds and walks of life to serve their neighbourhoods, and of course welcome applicants from further afield or those who want to consider a brand new career.

"Bedfordshire is a richly diverse county with a mix of urban and rural challenges. If you want to make an impact within Bedfordshire and help us protect the public and fight crime, apply today and help make the changes you want to see."

Within Bedfordshire, the 54 officers will be recruited over and above those hired to fill existing vacancies and in addition to the extra 40 officers promised by the increase in the Council Tax precept.

Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway said: "We had been told to expect around 18 officers so 54 is a significant improvement and reflects the fact that the Home Office is fully aware that Bedfordshire has to be treated as a special case. I've evidenced the need for 440 officers and 80 detectives in total but the uplift has to start somewhere and I'm grateful for it, of course."

Police officers deal with a range of call outs daily, ranging from supporting vulnerable people, continuing the fight against drug and substance misuse, the exploitation of children and adults and many more. If you have the drive to help people and face issues head on, visit our website and find out more about how to become a police officer:

 https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/apply/Recruitment-and-volunteering/Police-officers
