```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The episode is the first in the latest series of 24 Hours in Police Custody which has been following Bedfordshire Police\u2019s most complex and challenging cases since 2014."
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2021
title: "24 Hours in Police Custody is back and looking for \u201CBedfordshire\u2019s Most Wanted\u201D"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/24-hours-police-custody
```

### BAFTA-nominated Channel 4 series, 24 Hours in Police Custody returns on Monday evening (22 March), with our investigation into one man's string of criminal exploits, which culminated with the rape of two teenage girls.

The episode shows how officers, led by Detective Sergeant Clare Gilbert, tracked down suspect Barry Price, after he was named by the two young victims, and follows the team as the case builds against Price, with a nail-biting race against time on the custody clock until they finally see him charged.

Price, described by the judge at trial as a "self-entitled dangerous sexual predator" is now serving 18 years in prison for rape, sexual assault and false imprisonment.

Detective Sergeant Gilbert said: "This first episode clearly demonstrates the complexity of our specialist team's work, and we must praise the bravery of the two young women in coming forward, putting their faith in us, to investigate such serious sexual offences.

"We were happy to allow the cameras to follow us so the public can see not only what we do first hand, but also the challenges we face, and just how hard we work to bring perpetrators to justice.

"Anyone who commits rape or sexual offences must expect to face the considerable consequences of their actions."

The episode is the first in the latest series of 24 Hours in Police Custody which has been following our most complex and challenging cases since 2014.

Tune in to Channel 4 at 9pm on Monday (22 March) for the first new episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody- and follow @bedspolice on Twitter each week for live tweets during the episodes. #24HoursInPoliceCustody

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from the force and its partner agencies, including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports of sexual assault, even if non-recent, can be made to the police by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

You can also contact Bedfordshire's SARC by visiting the Emerald Centre or by emailing , or alternatively calling 01234 842750.

If you have been affected by crime, Signpost offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpostforbedfordshire for further information.
