```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Twelve officers are preparing to cycle 200 miles over three days this month in memory of officers who have died.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2018
title: PC Sam Sparkes takes to the pedals for Bedfordshire Unity Tour
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/unity-sam-blog-july2018
```

**Twelve officers are preparing to cycle 200 miles over three days this month in memory of officers who have died.**

 **PC Sam Sparkes is one of the officers taking part and has been training for the ride which will start at Headquarters on 27 July.**

 **She was one of the Family Liaison Officers who supported the family of PC Jon Henry, who was murdered whilst on duty on 11 June 2007.**

 **Sharing her story, she talks about the day PC Henry was murdered and her motivation to participate in the ride.**

 Nobody should ever go to work and not come home.

PC Jon Henry was murdered whilst on duty on 11 June 2007. I had to pick up his wife and share the devastating news.

It was the hardest jobs I have ever done in my life.

At the time it felt like it took forever, but in reality I don't think it could have more than a few seconds.

It was a day I will never forget.

Following Jon's death I was in a bubble. The six weeks following the death I remembered every minute so vividly.

Jon's death had a massive impact on people within the force. However a part of me felt guilty thinking about the effect his death had on me, when his wife Mary had been so strong and brave for everybody.

She helped everyone through it.

Almost 11 years on and I still speak to Mary and her daughter. She's the only person I've ever remained in contact with throughout all of my Family Liaison Officer (FLO) deployments.

I've always wanted to do something to raise money in Jon's honour, so I decided to take part in the Unity Tour. Mary will be supporting us along the way.

**You can donate by visitingwww.justgiving.com/fundraising/samsparkes999**
