```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Luton Community team has closed down two properties following reports of anti-social behaviour and prostitution.
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: Force closes two properties in 12 hours
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-properties-closed-luton-sept18
```

**Our Luton Community team has closed down two properties following reports of anti-social behaviour and prostitution.**

Community officers visited the house in Villa Road yesterday afternoon (Thursday), on a closure order enforcement operation, after residents reported concerns about the activity at the location. The address was previously issued with a partial closure order, but due to the order not working effectively a three-month full closure order was issued by Luton Magistrates' Court yesterday afternoon. It means the property is now boarded up and cannot be used for three months.

This morning (Friday) a property in New Bedford Road, suspected to be used as a brothel, was issued with a 24-hour closure notice after officers carried out a search of the property. During the search, which was supported by a specialist drug search dog, suspected Class A and class B drugs as well as weapons were found.

A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Two people were also removed from the property, safeguarded and signposted to partner agencies.

Inspector Jim Goldsmith said: "We are really happy with the results of these warrants. We are committed to listening to our residents' concerns and tackling issues important to them. Today's warrant saw a large amount of drugs and weapons being seized, and they now won't make their way into the streets of our town."

If you wish to report anti-social behaviour in your neighbourhood visit the force's online reporting centre or call 101.
