```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after woman was assaulted on Monday (11 March) as she walked along an alleyway in Bedford.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2019
title: Woman assaulted in Bedford alleyway - can you help?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-appeal-bedford-march19
```

**We are appealing for information after woman was assaulted on Monday (11 March) as she walked along an alleyway in Bedford.**

At around 8.15pm, the victim was walking along a grassy area which runs parallel with Eastcotts Road. As she turned left into an alleyway leading to Bamford Road, she heard someone shout behind her.

She was then approached by three men and was assaulted. One of the men then stole her purse and all three ran into the car park of a nearby shop and got into a car.

The first suspect is described as white, approximately six feet tall and of average build. He was wearing a black puffa jacket, green jogging bottoms and a dark balaclava. The victim describes him as having bushy eyebrows.

The second suspect is described as being mixed race, six foot tall, of medium build and with short dreadlocks. The bottom part of his face was covered and he was wearing a black Nike puffa jacket and grey jogging bottoms.

The third suspect is described as black, wearing a black or blue balaclava, a black puffa jacket with the hood up and black jogging bottoms.

One of the men was wearing white Nike Air Force trainers.

Investigation Officer Julia Hinson, from the force's Serious Crime Investigation Team, said: "This is completely unacceptable behaviour, and I am keen to find the people responsible so we can secure some sense of justice for our victim. If you were in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious, or you know who was responsible, please come forward."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 40/14407/19. You can also report information online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
