```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Would you like to help celebrate the wonderful community of Bedfordshire? Bedfordshire Police\u2019s Community Cohesion team is looking for local companies or organisations to sponsor its annual Thank You Awards and/or donate towards the charity auction and raffle to take place on the night."
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2018
title: Get involved in thanking the community
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cohesion-awards-sponsors-dec18
```

**Would you like to help celebrate the wonderful community of Bedfordshire? Bedfordshire Police 's Community Cohesion team is looking for local companies or organisations to sponsor its annual Thank You Awards and/or donate towards the charity auction and raffle to take place on the night.**

This will be the fifth year that the awards have taken place in celebration of community groups, volunteers and members of the public who go that extra mile in working with the Cohesion Team.

The event will take place in February at Luton Hoo Conservatory, where around 350 representatives from across county will join Community Cohesion Officers to recognise achievements in 14 award categories.

Chief Inspector Hob Hoque said: "We are really excited about the 2019 event. Year on year the awards has grown, and we look forward to showcasing the work our communities are doing with the Cohesion Team here in Bedfordshire.

"I'm exceptionally proud of my team, which always goes above and beyond to ensure Bedfordshire Police is engaged with all its communities who have supported us for many years.

"It would not be possible to host the awards without the generous support of local organisations, and we're always looking for new sponsors to get on board, or to donate prizes. We've raised thousands of pounds for local good causes. This year we will be supporting a local gem who is suffering from cancer."

You can view further information about last year's event and if you'd like to get involved, contact ThankYouEvent@Bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk
