```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "We have carried out a successful Rural Crime Week of Action with a number of targeted patrols in partnership with the National Farmers\u2019 Union (NFU), the Environment Agency (EA) and local councils."
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2019
title: National week of action to tackle rural crime a local success
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackle-rural-crime-success-oct19
```

**Bedfordshire Police carried out a successful Rural Crime Week of Action with a number of targeted patrols in partnership with the National Farmers ' Union (NFU), the Environment Agency (EA) and local councils. **

On Monday 7 October, the force's Operation Sentinel rural crime team undertook their largest ever operation to tackle illegal fishing. This Operation Traverse focused on fishing without a licence, poaching and fish theft.

Throughout the day 14 officers, the EA Fisheries Team and NFU officers patrolled nearly 40 fisheries. They also displayed posters in the area, which aim to educate the fishing community, as well as raising wider awareness among the wider public.

The following day (8 October) police officers and environmental protection officers worked alongside local authority licensing teams to focus on patrolling rural areas to identify fly-tipping sides.

Throughout the day they checked 25 larger vehicles and reported six people for carrying waste without a licence. Additionally, seven people were reported for not completing waste transfer notes.

These documents are important to prove that their waste has been disposed of in a legal disposal site and not dumped on private land, where it can negatively impact the local environment. The team also checked scrap yards and other premises which break down cars and sell their parts.

On Wednesday, the team focused on vehicle crime with Bedfordshire's neighbouring forces. Officers seized two cars and reported two people for road traffic offences.

On Thursday, Bedfordshire Police launched its Crime Reduction Handbook for rural businesses. This handbook is the result of the hard work and commitment of Bedfordshire Police Crime Reduction Officer Lara Curtayne, with contributions from a number of partners including the Home Office, the EA, the NFU, the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner and local farmers.

It contains advice on the different types of crimes which affect our rural communities. Local businesses can find out information about issues such as fly-tipping, hare coursing and sheep worrying, but it also contains information on things such as fertiliser security and modern day slavery.

Throughout Friday, the rural crime team and community teams attended a training day where they were learning about community problem solving and how to apply it in a rural environment.

To complete this week long engagement, on Saturday and Sunday the team patrolled the county to deter hare coursing and sheep worrying. They also visited a number of businesses to deliver the newly launched handbook and speak to residents about their concerns.

Sergeant Stuart Grant, from the Sentinel Rural team, said: "This busy week was an amazing success. My team has worked tirelessly ahead of and during this week of action and I am immensely proud of the work they have delivered.

"This wouldn't be possible without the support from our partners in the local council, the Home Office, the National Farmers' Union and the Environment Agency, as well as the Leighton Buzzard, Houghton Regis and Dunstable community teams.

"I would also like to thank our rural businesses and farmers; your support is always appreciated and we wouldn't be able to carry out our work without your help."

NFU county adviser Oliver Rubinstein said: "Rural crime is an enormous issue for farmers in Bedfordshire. Many of them have had to take quite dramatic steps to limit their vulnerability, such as blocking off field entrances and digging ditches.

"It's good to see Bedfordshire Police recognising the impact it has through the launch of this handbook and targeted action to tackle hare coursing, fly-tipping and other rural crimes. Working together we can make a real difference in the fight against the rural criminals who blight so many lives."
