```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are supporting a national campaign led by Action Fraud to raise awareness of cyber crime and its impact on the community.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police is committed to tackling cyber crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cyber-fraud-data-jan19
```

**We are supporting a national campaign led by Action Fraud to raise awareness of cyber crime and its impact on the community.**

Cyber crime differs from other crime as it is mostly unseen, but its repercussions are very real. The financial and psychological damage has a tremendous impact on the victim and their families.

Anyone can be targeted at any time; both individuals or businesses.

Last year, national reports of reports of cyber crime increased by eight per cent and the losses caused by cyber crime rose by 24 per cent.

Therefore it is important to make sure your online presence is as secure as it can be by using the following tips.

Use a strong password for your email account and use different passwords for different accounts.

If your bank, or other online service, allows it, choose to enable a two-factor authentication, also known as a two-step authentication or two-step login.

Although the software updates on your phone and on your computer always seem to come at the wrong time, don't ignore them as the update will better protect your device against hackers and malware.

Our force leads the way with cyber crime investigations, with its internationally recognised Cyber Hub team.

Detective Inspector Richard Tilling, from the Cyber Hub, said: "Cyber crime is a relatively new type of criminality, and it is currently on the rise. There are people who work very hard to overcome the security measures protecting online users, their money and their personal information.

"Therefore we always need to stay one step ahead and proactively protect our data. Please think about when you last changed your email password or updated your anti-virus software, as it is very important to do so regularly.

"Please make it a habit as this can help you avoid being a victim of cyber criminals in the future."

If you would like to learn more about what Bedfordshire Police is doing to tackle cyber crime you can visit its website.

If you believe you have been targeted online by fraudsters or are a victim of cyber-crime you can report it online on Action Fraud website or by calling them on 0300 123 2040.

Visit Action Fraud website for the full cyber crime and fraud statistics.
