```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Crime Reduction Team is calling on young crime fighters across the county to join its Christmas crime prevention campaign by entering a new competition.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Force launches 12 Days of Christmas Crime Reduction competition
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/12-Days-christmas-crime-reduction-competition
```

**Our Crime Reduction Team is calling on young crime fighters across the county to join its Christmas crime prevention campaign by entering a new competition.**

The force's '12 Days of Christmas Crime Reduction' competition is set to launch today (Tuesday), and is for children aged 13 under. The force is encouraging young people to record a video with a Christmas themed scenario that aims to raise awareness around crime prevention, and the steps people can take to reduce their chances of becoming a victim of crime.

The overall winner will have their video used on Bedfordshire Police's social media platforms, and will win a tour of Bedfordshire Police Headquarters. Subject to any operational requirements on the day, they will have the opportunity to see the force control room, the firearms range and see a demonstration from the police dog section. They will also win an iPad which has been donated by the Bedfordshire Police Federation.

Sergeant Ben Dimmock from the Crime Reduction team said: "We want lots of people across the county to take part in our competition, and submit really inventive ideas about crime reduction at Christmas. We continue to work closely with young people across the county in many ways, and I hope this competition gets them all thinking about the steps we can all take to stay safe this Christmas."

Entries can be submitted by emailing crimereduction@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk. The email must include the name of the person entering the competition, their address, phone number and details of the young person's parent or guardian. Videos submitted via email will need to have been uploaded onto a video sharing platform (such as YouTube or Vimeo) and the link to that video should be included in the email. Entries can also be tweeted to @CrimeSergeant using the hashtag #12DaysOfCrimeReductionBeds. Videos should be no longer than 30 seconds.

The competition closes at midnight on 19 December 2017. The winner will be chosen by Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and will be announced on 20 December 2017.

****

**Themes could include:**

 * Going out sledging? Make sure you put your house alarm on when you go out
 * Don't leave presents under the Christmas tree, if they are visible from windows
 * Keep doors and windows locked at all times, even on Christmas Eve. Santa has his ways of getting presents under the tree!
 * Don't leave your Christmas shopping in the car, always take everything in the house and store out of view from both kids and burglars!
 * Be careful at cash machines, always shield your pin
 * Always keep valuables such as phones or purses secure, don't make it easy for thieves / pickpockets

 **Competition details:**

 * All entries must be original videos and fit the theme of 'Police Crime Reduction'
 * All entrants must be either 13 years old or under and must currently live in Bedfordshire
 * Entries can be submitted via Twitter (using the hashtag #12DaysOfCrimeReductionBeds), or via email.
 * The winning video will be used on Facebook, Twitter, and the Bedfordshire Police website
 * The overall winner will win a tour of Bedfordshire Police HQ and an iPad

**Competition terms and conditions**

Videos, name and age of some entries will be displayed on the force's digital platforms, including the force website.

All entrants must obtain parental consent to enter the competition.

If anyone features in your video, you must have their consent and if they are under the age of 16 you must have the consent of their parent or guardian.

The crime reduction team has the right to discount any entries that contain inappropriate images or language.

The winning entrant must submit parental consent prior to publicity.

The videos will be used by Bedfordshire Police for the purposes of this project and Bedfordshire Police will retain copyright of all videos submitted.

The video must not promote a business or contain anyone's person victims.

The video must not infringe anyone's rights, including privacy rights, or be illegal or defamatory.

The video must be your own work and cannot be a copy of someone else's creation.

Finally, when making videos, please do not endanger yourself or others, take unnecessary risks or infringe any laws.
