```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced to more than four years in prison for a burglary in Luton after being caught using stolen bank cards.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2019
title: More than four years in jail for two men over Luton burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-luton-burglary-dec19
```

Two men have been sentenced to more than four years in prison for a burglary in Luton after being caught using stolen bank cards.

Jason Dennett, 31, of Chelsea Gardens, Houghton Regis, and Mark Nicholson, 48, of no fixed abode, were sentenced today (Thursday) at Luton Crown Court after being found guilty of burglary.

Dennett received a sentence of two years and six months and Nicholson received two years.

In the early hours of 25 October, Dennett and Nicholson entered a property in Goshawk Close, Luton, whilst the occupants were asleep. The pair stole two handbags, one of which contained car keys and bank cards, and subsequently the vehicle was stolen.

The investigating team discovered around £420 was spent on the victim's cards on a number of items including alcohol and cigarettes. Officers worked with the stores to access CCTV of the two men who used the stolen cars.

Later that morning, the stolen car was identified at a petrol station in Houghton Regis, where officers arrested four people in the vehicle. Two of the men arrested were Dennett and Nicholson; they matched the CCTV images, and were identified by their tattoos.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, from Bedfordshire Police's dedicated burglary team, Operation Maze, said: "I am pleased that these burglars are off of the streets in Bedfordshire, and I hope this result has helped the victim feel safe again.

"This was a fantastic result for the Operation Maze team and I'm glad Dennett and Nicholson will spend time behind bars. I hope that they spend their time reflecting on their actions.

"Burglary is still a key priority for the force and our dedicated unit will continue to deal with burglary offences. We continue to target those individuals who think this despicable behaviour in Bedfordshire is acceptable."
