```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Christmas officially begins for us today, with the \u201CBig Wrap\u201D of gifts for charity, and the Christmas tree lights switch on at Headquarters."
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2018
title: Lighting up Christmas for child victims of crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/light-christmas-cvoc-dec2018
```

**Christmas officially begins for us today, with the "Big Wrap" of gifts for charity, and the Christmas tree lights switch on, taking place later this afternoon.**

From 1pm, staff and officers, who have volunteered their time, will be up against the clock wrapping a mountain of generously donated gifts for Embrace, the charity that supports children and young people who are victims of crime. The gifts will then be distributed ready for Christmas.

You can still buy a gift, if you'd like to take part. Full details are available from Embrace CVOC's website. The closing date is Monday 10 December.

The switch on of our Christmas tree lights will place from 4.30pm at Headquarters in Woburn Road, Kempston.

In pride of place on the tree will be a bauble, designed and made by a class from Swallowfield Lower School, Woburn Sands. This was the winning design in our recent "Bling a Bauble for Bedfordshire" competition, which invited schools across the county to design and make a decoration for the tree that sums up Christmas in the community for that school. All competition entries will be displayed on the tree.

As well as turning on the lights, there will be Christmas carols, at what has become a force tradition, and will be attended by staff and officers as well as representatives from the winning school.

54 entries were submitted, and all of them showed great imagination and skill by the children involved. The baubles were judged by the Force's Executive officers who now look forward to meeting the children behind the winning entry.

Kate Faulkner, class teacher at Swallowfield Lower School said: "The children were delighted that their hard work has been appreciated and are very excited to be attending the switch on."

Richard Denton, the force's Children and Young People Development Officer, said "The young people of Bedfordshire have certainly shown their community Christmas spirit.

"The entries submitted were of very high standard, and we were amazed at the themes and different materials used by children at schools, and other educational establishments, across the county.

"Although there can be only one winner, we would sincerely like to thank everyone that took part. All 54 entries will be displayed on the tree in time for the lights going on."
