```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from Bedford has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: Appeal for information after man in his 30s dies in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-man-dies-bedford-sep2018
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after the death of a man in Bedford.**

The incident happened at around 2am on Friday (28 September) in St Mary's Street.

A group of men broke into a residential property and attacked the victim, a man in his 30s from the town.

Officers attended, alongside colleagues from the ambulance service, but the man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A 21-year-old man from Bedford was also found with knife injuries in nearby Cauldwell Street, and received treatment at hospital. He has been arrested on suspicion of murder.

Officers will be conducting high visibility patrols in the area to provide reassurance over the weekend.

A number of road closures were in place in Bedford on Friday to allow for forensic recovery and searches, but all roads are due to be reopened by this evening.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the victim's family and friends at this difficult time.

"While our investigations are at an early stage, we believe this was a targeted attack and we are keen to trace a group of men who were in the area at the time.

"We are determined to bring those responsible to justice and would urge anyone with information that could help our enquiries to come forward.

"If you were in the area at the time, or saw anything suspicious, or have any information that could help us understand the background to this incident, we would urge you to get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101, quoting Operation Woodleigh, or alternatively get in touch with the force through our online reporting centre.

You can also give information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 028 2887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
