```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Luton Community Policing Team has carried out a three week long Operation Loc targeting anti-social behaviour and drug crime in Ruthin Close, Luton.
publish:
  date: 16 Aug 2018
title: "Luton Community team\u2019s operation success"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-team-success-ruthin-close-aug18
```

**Luton Community Policing Team has carried out a three week long Operation Loc targeting anti-social behaviour and drug crime in Ruthin Close, Luton.**

This area of Luton was known for ongoing issues in the community and was served with a Partial Closure Order by Luton Magistrates' Court on 20 July for a period of three months. Since the closure order was put in place, the community team has conducted numerous targeted patrols and checks in the 60 flats which are located in Ruthin Close.

The officers were regularly checking on the residents to ensure their welfare. They have also been sweeping the area to remove any dangerous objects like knives and needles.

This three week operation was immensely successful, and police officers and PCSOs received very positive feedback from residents. It was said that the street is now much quieter and more peaceful.

Throughout the operation the officers stopped and searched over 20 people, arrested three people, recovered two knives and one stolen vehicle and submitted 23 intelligence reports.

Community Sergeant Richard Cunningham said: "I think Operation Loc was exceedingly successful. Our commitment and dedication greatly improved the area. My team and our partners did a great job working together with the residents to change their lives for the better.

"We will continue to work closely with the community throughout the remainder of the closure order. This operation is a great example of how committed we are to protecting the vulnerable and we are continuing to look into alternative ways we can support our residents."

If you want to report anti-social behaviour you can do it through the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101. In case of emergency always call 999.
