```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Kevin Marsh, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, was struck by a car in Leighton Road and was taken to hospital where he sadly died.
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: Man who died in Linslade collision is named
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/linslade-collison-named-sept18
```

**The man who died in a collision in Linslade on Friday has been named.**

Kevin Marsh, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, was struck by a car in Leighton Road at around 10.30pm. He was taken to hospital where he sadly died.

Sergeant Stephen Andrews, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "This is a tragic incident and our thoughts are with Mr Marsh's family and friends. We're continuing to appeal for witnesses for the collision and would ask for anyone with information to get in touch."

Mr Marsh's family said in tribute to their brother; " Kevin John Marsh was born in Liverpool at the end of the Second World War to Edna and John Marsh. He was a quiet but mathematically gifted child who passed his eleven-plus examination when just 10 years old and gained a place at the prestigious Quarry Bank Grammar School in Liverpool. He went on to study Mathematics and Physics at the University of Liverpool and from there had a career in the developing Computer industry. He worked as a Systems Analyst in the defence and finance industries in London, Switzerland, the Bahamas and elsewhere, even undertaking projects in Nigeria.

"He retired from the City having been involved with its computerisation and came to live in Linslade, near to his ageing parents. He visited his widowed mother in Bideford Green every day until she passed away in 2008. He is survived by his younger brother, sister and two nieces and nephew and we are all greatly saddened by his sudden death. We are comforted by the fact that Kevin was able to contribute to others via organ donation and in doing so changed the lives of at least three people who had anxiously been awaiting transplant surgery. We hope that families in such tragic circumstances may also be able to consider supporting the organ donation scheme to give people in need a new life, in memory of their loved one."

An 18-year-old man from Leighton Buzzard has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and driving over the prescribed limit, and has been released under investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting Operation Knapp. You can also give information online via the Bedfordshire Police website.
