```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are urging the public to be vigilant, after receiving reports of street robberies in Bedford involving a person on a bike
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018
title: Advice issued following Bedford street robberies
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bedford-robberies-advice-oct18
```

**We are urging the public to be vigilant, after receiving reports of street robberies in Bedford involving a person on a bike.**

On Friday (12 October), at around 11.30pm, two women were walking home through Goldington Green, when they were robbed at knifepoint by a person on a bicycle. The offender took their handbags, and made off towards the nearby Tesco store.

It's not known whether the offender is a man or a woman, but they are described as wearing a black hoody, black jacket and black trousers, with their face was covered.

On Sunday (14 October) at around 8.30am, a woman was the victim of an attempted robbery in Haylands Way, when an offender on a bicycle approached her from behind, barged into her and tried to grab her bag. The woman refused to let go and a struggle ensued eventually the offender left the scene without taking anything.

The offender is described as wearing a black puffa jacket, carry a red bag

Yesterday (15 October), at around 2.15pm, a woman was walking in The Copse, when an offender approached her on a bike from behind, grabbed her handbag and made off towards Goldington Road. The victim sustained an injury to her shoulder during the attack which required hospital treatment.

The offender was wearing a dark grey coat and riding a mountain bike.

Detective Sergeant Joanne Corbyn, investigating, said: "We have now received reports of three similar incidents that have happened within a few days, and officers are working hard to establish links between them. I'd encourage anyone with any information about who is responsible to come forward. This behaviour is not acceptable and the public's help could be vital in preventing any further robberies.

"If you have noticed anything over the past few days, or you see any behaviour that looks suspicious, please do report it as it could prove vital to our investigation.

"I would urge people to be aware of these incidents and stay vigilant. Our advice is to avoid walking alone late at night, and to ensure you're walking in brightly lit areas. We'd also strongly advise people to keep valuables hidden. We are taking this incredibly seriously, and as a result we'll be putting extra patrols in place in the town to reassure residents."

Anyone with any information about any of the incidents is asked to call Detective Sergeant Corbyn on 101. You can also report information by visiting our reporting centre or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit Signpost for Bedfordshire for further information.
