```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "A national campaign to recruit 20,000 new police officers is launched today (Thursday) \u2013 urging people to join the police and \u2018Be a force for all\u2019."
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2019
title: "People urged to be a \u2018force for all\u2019 by joining Bedfordshire Police"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-uplift-september2019
```

**A campaign to kickstart the Prime Minister 's pledge to recruit new police officers begins in Bedfordshire today - urging people to 'be a force for all' by joining the service.**

The launch of the uplift of 20,000 additional officers nationally coincides with the government announcement of additional funding for the wider criminal justice system, which can help to improve outcomes for victims and bring more offenders to justice.

In Bedfordshire, the current regular officer recruitment window has been extended into next month in support of the national campaign, which will signpost those interested in a career in policing to their local force to register interest and apply.

The police recruitment drive is the biggest in decades and follows Prime Minister Boris Johnson's commitment to increase police numbers over three years, with up to 6,000 of those employed within the next year.

It is not yet known the exact number of the overall uplift who will be recruited into Bedfordshire, but the government funding of new posts will be over and above the employment of officers to cover existing vacancies.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "This uplift is a fantastic opportunity for policing nationally, and is especially welcome in Bedfordshire where we have long campaigned for additional funding to help put officers on the streets of our county.

"We have lobbied government to recognise the challenges posed by serious violence, organised crime and exploitation, while we also focus on building community relationships and tackling the issues which matter to people most from the ground level up.

"In Bedfordshire we aspire to be a force for all - by truly reflecting the communities that we serve. I hope that this investment into our service will encourage people from all backgrounds and walks of life to serve their community by joining our ranks."

The 'Be a force for all' campaign has been developed by the Home Office in partnership with the police and using feedback from the public via independent research.

The campaign will be on billboards and digital displays at locations across England and Wales, including at shopping centres and railway stations, as well as in radio advertisement.

To find out more about becoming a police officer and how to apply, visit: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/apply/Recruitment-and-volunteering/Police-officers
