```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: David Weir, of Park Street, Luton, sprayed a flammable liquid over a homeless man who was sitting outside a fast food restaurant, before using a lighter to ignite the accelerant.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: Luton man jailed for setting homeless man on fire
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jailed-homeless-fire-jun20
```

**A** **53-year-old man, who set fire to a homeless man in Luton earlier this year, has been jailed for 10-and-a-half years, with a five-year extended licence. **

The incident happened In George Street at around 4.15pm on 1 January, when David Weir, of Park Street, Luton, sprayed a flammable liquid over a homeless man who was sitting outside a fast food restaurant, before using a lighter to ignite the accelerant.

Fortunately several members of the public were on hand, who had witnessed the incident and were able to put the flames out, disarm Weir and call the emergency services.

Weir was consequently arrested for grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent and assault on an emergency worker. Whilst in custody, Weir was abusive and threatening to officers, as well as spitting at a police constable and threatening to urinate on him.

Weir was handed a custodial sentence of 10 years and six months, with a five year extended licence. He was also sentenced for four months for assaulting an emergency worker and six weeks for breaching his suspended sentence. These will run concurrently.

Detective Constable Gary Hatton, investigating, said: "We are pleased with the sentence that Weir has received today, as his deliberate actions could have seriously endangered the life of this innocent man, who has luckily made a recovery.

"Without a doubt, the heroic actions from the members of the public who rushed to help the victim saved him from further harm and we commend them for putting his safety before their own and for confronting Weir and staying at the scene until the emergency services arrived.

"We don't tolerate such acts of violence, either on our streets or towards emergency workers, and we hope that this sentence will allow Weir time to reflect on his actions."
