```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from our force
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: Burglary advice issued after vulnerable woman targeted in Houghton Regis
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-advice-issued-after-vulnerable-woman-targeted-in-houghton-regis
```

### Officers from our force' unit dedicated to tackling burglary crime are issuing guidance to the public, after a vulnerable women was targeted in Houghton Regis in the early hours of Monday morning (2 November).

At around 4am, the victim in was in bed when she was woken by someone in her room. After remaining still and pretending to be asleep, she waited for the intruder to leave before contacting police.

The offender was able to make off with cash and bank cards from a handbag beside her bed and keys from drawers in the lounge.

PC Craig Cullum, from Operation Maze, said: "This was obviously a terrifying ordeal for the victim, who has understandably been left shaken by the event. I'd urged anyone in the Blackthorn Road area of Houghton Regis who may have seen someone acting suspiciously around the time to contact us right away.

"Opportunist thieves will look for insecurities in a home in an attempt to gain access. Whilst most people are working from home and staying indoors during this time, it is still important to double lock your front doors. If you have a PVC-U and multipoint locking door, ensure you lift the handle and turn and remove the key, as this will ensure the door is locked at multiple points, making it more secure.

"Sheds and garages can also be a target, so remember to keep them secure and locked. Not only can they be an easy access, any tools stolen could then be used to gain access into your home."

When investigating a burglary, the Operation Maze team look for forensic and CCTV opportunities. PC Cullum added: "CCTV is helpful when it comes to identifying burglars and securing convictions. We appreciate it can be expensive, but we would encourage people to look at whether it is cost effective to install technology, such as CCTV or a video doorbell device. These can a useful deterrent but they can also provide opportunity for investigation."

For more burglary prevention advice, visit our website.

What happens when a burglary is reported? To find out watch our video.

Anyone with information about the incident in Houghton Regis is asked to contact the police on 101, or visit the online reporting centre, quoting 40/59512/20.

Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
