```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police welcomed over 140 professionals and practitioners to the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire annual Harmful Practices Conference yesterday (Wednesday).
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Bedfordshire Police hosts annual Harmful Practices Conference
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/harmful-practices-conference-nov19
```

Bedfordshire Police welcomed over 140 professionals and practitioners to the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire annual Harmful Practices Conference yesterday (Wednesday).

The force invited professionals from a number of organisations from across the county to the conference, to learn more about how to tackle harmful practices within our communities.

The term 'harmful practices' includes all forms of violence committed primarily, but not exclusively, against women and girls, and which is considered or presented by the perpetrators as a part of an acceptable cultural practice.

Throughout the day a number of speakers touched on the difficult subjects of female genital mutilation (FGM) and forced marriage.

Amal Ibrahim and Hoda Ali, both survivors of FGM and vocal activists against the practice, spoke about their experiences and the perception of the practice within communities.

Attendees also heard from specialists from the National FGM Centre, Forced Marriage Unit at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and from the more local Luton All Women's Centre which works with vulnerable women and offers the practical and emotional support.

Detective Inspector Elaine Cook, the force's Harmful Practices lead, said: "Harmful Practices are often overlooked and underreported. But this needs to change, as everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and have freedom of choice.

"The conference was designed to allow us to continue working with our partners, to help them learn how to spot the signs of harmful practices, and learn about the steps they can take to help and safeguard the most vulnerable.

"I am really pleased with how the conference went, and I hope our partners found it useful. I'd like to thank them, both our local partners and our national partners, for their support and for attending. I hope we can continue to work together to offer education on this topic, as well as raise awareness of it."
