```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted as she walked in Wyboston this morning (Friday).
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2019
title: Witness appeal launched following sexual assault in Wyboston
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-sexualassault-wyboston-june2019
```

**We are appealing for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in Wyboston this morning (Friday).**

At around 8.30am, the woman was walking along a footpath between The Lane and Chawston Lane when she was approached by a man who then assaulted her.

The offender is described as dark skinned, in his 30s, of large build, wearing jeans and chunky gold rings.

Detective Inspector Craig Laws, investigating, said: "We are taking this incident extremely seriously and wish to apprehend the man responsible as soon as possible.

"Although the victim was not physically injured in this incident, the attack was extremely distressing and we are doing all we can to support her. We believe the offender may have been disturbed and ran away, otherwise this incident could have been even worse.

"We would like to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident, or anyone who may have seen this man.

"We understand that this is concerning for local residents and I'd like to reassure them that we are doing all we can to find the man responsible. We have had high visibility patrols on throughout the day and these will continue, if you do have any concerns then I would urge you to speak to the officers you see out and about."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DI Laws on 101 quoting reference 83 of 28 June or call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and partner agencies including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process.

Reports can be made to police on 101. You can also contact Bedfordshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing info@emeraldcentre.org or calling 01234 897052.
