```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s new route into policing will see student officers earn whilst they learn and start their policing career with a BSc(Hons) degree."
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2021
title: Our new student officers to gain a degree with Anglia Ruskin University
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-student-officers
```

### Our new route into policing will see student officers earn whilst they learn and start their policing career with a BSc(Hons) degree.

The Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PDCA) will see student officers complete a BSc(Hons) in professional policing with Anglia Ruskin University (ARU) whilst gaining valuable practical skills by working as an officer on response with our force. Student officers will earn a full-time wage whilst studying. Once they complete the three-year programme they will be a fully ranked officer and can start pursuing the different career paths within policing.

Chief Superintendent Karena Thomas said: "Helping our new recruits earn a degree and build on their personal development alongside keeping Bedfordshire safe is a really desirable route into a profession that offers a fruitful and exciting career.

"Joining us as a police officer opens up a whole host of career opportunities from working closer with the community as an officer on the beat to working in our collaborated units like firearms or the Major Crime Unit. We are really excited to bring this new route to our force. We want to see our new workforce gain a degree and be proud to work for an organisation that is investing in them in this way.

"If you want to make a difference to people every day and take on this unique opportunity to gain a degree whilst earn earning a full-time wage, we want to hear from you. Join Bedfordshire Police and discover your potential."

This new degree route will prepare new police officers for the demands and complex challenges of modern-day policing as well as being an excellent opportunity for new officers to gain a tangible qualification that they can use throughout their career in policing and build on during their time with Bedfordshire Police.

The PCDA route is open to applicants who have two GCSE's A-C in Maths and English and two A levels or qualifications that equate to 64 UCAS points. If you don't have those qualifications you may also be eligible for the programme if you have spent a minimum of two years in other public sector roles such as a carer, military personnel or teaching and have two GCSE's A-C in Maths and English.

Applications for this new route into policing is now open.

Find out more about PCDA and read some of the officers journeys at join-us
