```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: More than 90 cannabis plants have been seized as part of the latest crackdown on cannabis factories in Bedfordshire.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2021
title: Two cannabis factories dismantled in latest crackdown
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-factories-dismantled-Jan21
```

More than 90 cannabis plants have been seized as part of the latest crackdown on cannabis factories in Bedfordshire.

Yesterday morning (Thursday), officers carried out a warrant on a property in Foxhedge Way, Sharnbrook. As a result, more than 100 suspected cannabis plants were seized.

Subsequently one man was arrested on suspicion of drug cultivating and remains in police custody for questioning.

On Wednesday (13 January), enforcement was carried out at a suspected cannabis factory in Thurleigh Road, Bolnhurst, where three men were arrested and cannabis was seized.

Subsequently three men have been charged with cultivating drug offences, and remanded in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Louisa Glynn, from the force's intelligence unit, said: "Drugs underpin much of the violence, exploitation and anti-social behaviour which blights our communities.

"Organised criminal gangs use drugs as their main source of income, and growing and selling cannabis is a key part of this business model. It is relatively cheap to produce and there are thousands of customers in Bedfordshire alone to sell to. Research suggests that around 59 million is spent on cannabis by drug users in the county every year.

"We have noticed a definite pattern emerging where dealing cannabis is a gateway for children to start committing crime. Many of these children we come across are not even in their teens yet.

"As a force we will continue to target those responsible for this type of criminality. We also rely on our communities supporting us in the fight against organised crime, by submitting information and flagging any suspicious behaviour. Together, we can help keep Bedfordshire safe."

There are some key signs that a property is being used to cultivate drugs:

 * A powerful distinctive sweet, sickly aroma
 * Frequent visitors throughout the day and night
 * Blacked out windows
 * Chinks of bright light throughout the night
 * Birds gathering on the roof, particularly in cold weather
 * In winter, snow melting unusually quickly on the roof
 * High levels of condensation on windows
 * Noise from fans
 * Large amounts of rubbish, including compost bags
 * Electricity meter being tampered with/altered and new cabling, sometimes leading to street lighting.

If you suspect that a property in your neighbourhood is used to grow cannabis you can report your concerns by visiting the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

To find out more about tackling drugs in Bedfordshire, visit Bedfordshire Police's website.
