```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following an incident over the weekend where a driver had to be taken to hospital.
publish:
  date: 30 Jun 2020
title: Did you witness a collision on Saturday evening?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witness-a-collision-on-saturday-evening
```

### Police are appealing for witnesses following an incident over the weekend where a driver had to be taken to hospital.

At approximately 9.15pm on Saturday (27 June) police officers were called to an incident where a woman was having a medical episode in Watling Street, Hockliffe.

Examination of her vehicle showed it had been damaged, but the collision is not believed to have happened in that location.

Officers believe it could have happened anywhere between Kents Hill in Milton Keynes and Hockliffe.

The driver of the vehicle has been taken to hospital, where she remains in a critical condition.

The vehicle is described as blue Vauxhall Meriva, registration number PK63 YAW.

Sergeant Tom Daly, who is leading the investigation, said: "We are trying to piece together the events of that evening which lead to the woman being taken to a hospital.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a vehicle such as this between Milton Keynes and Hockliffe on Saturday night, or anyone who saw the vehicle in question before the emergency services attended.

"I would also like to ask motorists who have dashcams and were travelling between Kents Hill and Hockliffe that evening to check the footage to see if this car was captured on it."

If you have information about this incident please contact police via the online reporting centre on the Bedfordshire Police website or through 101, quoting Operation Sapphire.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
