```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Phones associated with two drug dealing lines have been shut down after we made use of some pioneering legislation for the first time.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2019
title: Force makes first ever use of order to prevent county lines drug dealing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/order-prevent-county-lines-aug2019
```

**Phones associated with two drug dealing lines have been shut down after we made use of some pioneering legislation for the first time.**

On Monday the force successfully secured two Drug Dealing Telecommunications Restriction Orders (DDTRO), which are new powers aimed at combatting the sale of illegal drugs.

DDTROs force a communications provider to disconnect a communication device, phone number or something else used with a communication device that is being used in connection with drug dealing offences.

The powers were introduced as part of Government efforts to combat county lines, where drugs gangs from one area use a phone line to supply drugs to another area.

The first order was secured by our Operation Nola county lines team.

They successfully shut down a phone line associated with the Nino county line, whose figurehead Abdirizak Alassow was jailed for four-and-a-half years earlier in 2019.

The second order was secured by the force's Serious and Organised Crime Unit.

PC James West, from our Op Nola team, said: "These new powers give us a vital tool in our efforts to tackle county lines drug dealing and protect vulnerable individuals from being exploited by these gangs.

"The mobile phone line is central to county lines activity, with some prominent lines making in excess of £5,000 per day.

"Closing down these phone lines will seriously disrupt county lines drug dealing, as well as the associated violence and exploitation inherent in this vile business."

Anyone with information about drug dealing or drug activity is asked to call us on 101 or via the online reporting centre on our website.

All these reports are fed into our intelligence systems and can help officers build up a picture of organised crime.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
