```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 13 Apr 2019
title: Can you help reunite homeowner with stolen property?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/riverview-way-burglary-april2019
```

**We're appealing for help to trace a number of items that were stolen during a burglary at a house in Kempston, and which may have been discarded in the immediate area.**

At 2am this morning (Saturday), a property in Riverview Way was broken into. At around the same time, neighbouring properties called police reporting a man going from garden to garden.

Officers attended and a man was arrested a few minutes later and taken to police custody, where he remains.

A number of items were taken from the house including a burgundy Radley handbag, a brown leather zipped purse and its contents, a notebook with a picture of a dog on the front and around £330 in cash.

Detective Constable Jay Watts, investigating, said: "We think some of the property stolen from the house may have been discarded in the immediate areas, including in King William Road, King William Close, Riverview Way and Mill Lane. There are also some fields and footpaths near of King William Close, next to the river, where property could have been discarded.

"Burglary is a horrible crime and a complete invasion of someone's personal space. I am keen to reunite our victim with the property that was taken, so I'm asking the Kempston community to help by keeping a look out for any of the stolen items and calling us if they find them."

Anyone with any information is asked to call DC Watts on 101 quoting reference number 40/21089/19.
