```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2018
title: '#WhoseWorldAreYou competition winner announced'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/competition-winner-announced-july18
```

**We have announced the 2018 #WhoseWorldAreYou motorcycle safety campaign photo competition winner.**

Carl Schooley from Luton bagged himself £200 worth of motorcycle shop vouchers after submitting a photo via Twitter using #WhoseWorldAreYou.

The winning image was selected from 26 entries, with the panel of judges looking for the photo that best delivered the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world.

DCC Garry Forsyth, one of the judges, said: "It was a difficult choice as there were so many great entries. We decided to choose Carl's photo as it accurately represents the spirit of this competition."

Last month motorcyclists across the county were invited to dig out their cameras as part of the campaign, which encouraged bikers and drivers to take a little extra care on the roads.

Bikers were invited to submit pictures of themselves with the person they mean the world to on social media with #WhoseWorldAreYou.

Casualty Reduction Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit, said: "The competition was a great way to make all road users more aware of the vulnerability of bikers.

"We got lots of photos of motorcyclists with their family and friends, showing the person behind the helmet: they have names, personalities and families, just like car drivers.

"Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for riders and to always look carefully when pulling out at junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

"Motorcyclists are among the most vulnerable road users and this is why it is so important they remain alert on the road and mindful of their own safety.

"We want the roads to be a safe place for everyone and ask that all road users help us to achieve this."
DCC Garry Forsyth added: "We were very pleased to support this competition.

"We are committed to reducing the number of serious and fatal collisions on the county's roads and I would urge everyone to play their part by looking out for one another."

Carl Schooley
