```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s officers found 175 vehicles left vulnerable to vehicle crime during a week-long operation (27 November \u2013 3 December)."
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Force finds 175 insecure vehicles across the county
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-mya-december-2017
```

**Our officers found 175 vehicles left vulnerable to vehicle crime during a week-long operation (27 November - 3 December). **

Operation Mya was introduced by the force as a response to vehicle crime across the county. During the week of action officers aimed to clamp down on this kind of crime across Bedfordshire.

Throughout the week officers were focusing on areas in Bedford, Biggleswade, Dunstable and Luton which had been previously targeted by thieves. In just three days officers and PCSOs patrolled the areas and aimed to identify vehicles that were vulnerable to the crime by either leaving valuable items on display, open windows or unlocked doors. In total 175 vehicles were found to be insecure or prone to be a target for an opportunistic thief.

Sergeant Ben Dimmock, from the force's Crime Reduction team, said: "Vehicle crime can affect victims emotionally and financially. This invasive crime has no place in our communities and our force is dedicated to clamping down on the offenders. I would urge residents to make things more difficult for these criminals and ensure vehicles are locked and valuables removed.

"Our force's response to vehicle crime, Operation Mya, is aiming to target hot spot areas and educate the public about the dangers of leaving vehicles insecure."

The force is urging the public to take some simple steps to minimise their chances of becoming a victim of vehicle crime:

 * Remove your tools from your vehicle and keep them locked up somewhere secure
 * Never leave the keys in the ignition and store them out of sight when at home - consider keeping keys in an RFID pouch to prevent relay devices from access key data.
 * Don't leave things on show in your car, whether it's an expensive laptop or just some loose change. Even items of clothing can attract thieves, as they may think that there will be money in the pockets
 * Park your vehicle in a well-lit spot that is visible to other members of the public, or covered by CCTV
 * At home, don't keep your car keys next to your front door or in an obvious place
 * Keep motorcycles in a locked garage or shed, or failing that, chained securely to an immovable object
 * Engage the steering lock and activate the alarm. Close the windows and sunroof, and lock the doors and boot. With remote control central locking, always double-check your car is secure by testing the door handle.
