```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for information after an 18-year-old man died following a collision in Luton.
publish:
  date: 17 May 2020
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beds-fatal-luton-may20
```

**We are continuing to appeal for information after an 18-year-old man died following a collision in Luton.**

Emergency services were called at 5pm on Friday (15 May) to Sundon Park Road, following reports of a collision involving two pedestrians and a grey Vauxhall Corsa.

Sadly, the man was pronounced dead at the scene. The other pedestrian suffered minor injuries.

The driver of the Corsa was arrested at the scene and taken into police custody. He has been released on bail while further enquiries are carried out.

Sergeant Will Hood from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who was in the Sundon Park area around the time of the collision, and either witnessed the incident, or may have dashcam footage of the grey Corsa from the time, to help us establish the circumstances that led to this tragic loss of life.

"Our specially-trained liaison officers are supporting the family of the deceased at this difficult time."

Please call 101 quoting Operation Crispin with information, or report online at https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report/Report.

A pet dog being walked by the pair was also killed in the collision. Another dog ran from the scene and is still missing.

Sergeant Hood added: "We are also assisting the family in their appeal to locate their still outstanding dog, a male American Bulldog called Tauras. At this already traumatic time, they are also worried about the welfare of their beloved pet. Please call 07826 551 752 if you have any information or sightings which could help."
