```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Luton has been arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation, in relation to the sale of bogus Covid test certificates.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: Man arrested in connection to fake Covid test scam
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrested-fake-covid-test-jan21
```

### A man from Luton has been arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation, in relation to the sale of bogus Covid test certificates.

The man in his 30s was arrested outside London Luton Airport at around 8pm on Wednesday, and has been released under investigation.

Detective Sergeant Tom Hamm, of Bedfordshire Police's Crime Investigation Team, said: "If you are travelling abroad to a country that requires proof you are fit to fly, you can only obtain this from an approved test provider.

"Unfortunately, fraudsters have seen the ongoing pandemic as an opportunity to prey on people, and if you are approached by someone offering to sell certificates who is not an authorised provider, please report it immediately."

Neil Thompson, Operations Director at London Luton Airport, said: "We work closely with Bedfordshire Police to ensure we keep our staff and passengers safe at all times.

"Everyone working at the airport is trained in general security awareness and along with other measures in place, anyone attempting to commit crime at LLA has a very strong chance of detection.

"We will always take a zero tolerance approach to such behaviour and will support police in any action they take".

Anyone who has information about this incident is asked to report it via our online reporting system, quoting reference 319 of 20 January.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you would like to start a career in policing visit our join us page to find out more about our roles.
