```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who died in Luton have paid tribute to him as detectives continue a murder investigation.
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2020
title: Family tribute after man dies in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-tribute-after-man-dies-in-luton
```

### The family of a man who died in Luton have paid tribute to him as detectives continue a murder investigation.

Michael Fletcher, 66, from Luton, was found dead in his flat in Bury Park Road on Wednesday 30 September.

A post mortem examination carried out on Friday (2 October) revealed that Mr Fletcher died from stab wounds.

In a statement, Mr Fletcher's family said: "He was a lovely brother, son, uncle and nephew who was loved by all. We are shocked by what has happened and are coming to terms with the death of our brother as a family, and we would like to be left alone to deal with this."

Steven Arnold, 50, of Butterworth Path, Luton, was charged with murder in connection to the incident on Thursday (1 October).

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson, investigating, said: "This is a tragic and unnecessary loss of life and our thoughts are with Mr Fletcher's family, who we are supporting with specially trained officers.

"We also know that these events can be unsettling for the community and want to continue to reassure you that officers are working to establish the circumstances of this incident.

"If you have any information that you feel may assist us, please do get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, or report online quoting Operation Broadband.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
