```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Luton Town Football Club and public services in Bedfordshire are asking fans to stay at home and watch matches once the football season resumes.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2020
title: Football fans asked to support matches from home as live games resume
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fans-support-matches-home-jun20
```

Luton Town Football Club and public services in Bedfordshire are asking fans to stay at home and watch matches once the football season resumes.

While the Premier League will be televised again from this evening (Wednesday), Luton Town will resume their Championship season with a home game against Preston North End on Saturday (20 June), kicking-off at 3pm. The match was originally scheduled for March, but was postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Games will take place behind closed doors including Saturday's at Kenilworth Road, where there will be no access to the public. The Championship was suspended three months ago due to the pandemic and clubs are taking a phased approach to their return to the sport, whilst adhering to government guidance.

Strict plans have been put in place by the EFL and Luton Town to ensure government guidelines are met and the safety of everyone involved is of the highest priority.

Season ticket holders will be able to stream all home and away fixtures using iFollow and 30 out of the 108 remaining Championship league games will be broadcast on Sky Sports.

Hatters legend Mick Harford, the former player, manager and now chief recruitment officer and assistant-manager, said: "The Luton Town fans are the best in the country and when they get behind the team at Kenilworth Road, they are more than a 12th man to us. We will miss every single one of them during these five remaining home matches. But for their safety as well as ours, we have to ask them for now that when we play, please stay away. Hopefully we can all be back together on a matchday soon, but only when it is safe to do so. In the meantime, we know every Luton Town supporter will be right behind us while watching on iFollow and we'll be giving it everything for them to ensure we stay in the Championship."

PC Steve Mason from Bedfordshire Police said: "Whether you're a Hatter or are looking forward to watching all football matches from today, please continue to stay alert to the virus and don't gather in groups on match days.

"It may be tempting to visit the ground, but the best way to support the game is by watching at home and preventing the spread of the virus. This is a step in the right direction and we can all help to get the game we love back by continuing to follow government guidance."

Cllr Sian Timoney, Deputy Leader of Luton Council, said: "I know so many of you are excited about the season re-starting after many weeks without football - it really will lift spirits across the town.

"But can I remind you all that we are still fighting a deadly virus so please don't gather in groups or meet up with friends to watch the game. The risk is far too high. Stay at home and support the Luton Town team over the next few weeks as they fight hard for us all to stay in the Championship."

More details about how to watch Luton Town matches are available on the club's website. To find out more on the Premier League restrictions and how you can watch the matches visit: www.premierleague.com
