```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A victim of child sexual abuse which happened more than 20 years ago has spoken out about the long-lasting effects of her trauma, as the perpetrator was jailed for ten years.
publish:
  date: 18 Aug 2020
title: Victim of non-recent child sexual abuse speaks out as abuser is jailed
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-abuse-vixtim-speak-up
```

**A victim of child sexual abuse which happened more than 20 years ago has spoken out about the long-lasting effects of her trauma, as the perpetrator was jailed for ten years.**

Craig Ingmire, 35, of Havelock Road, Luton, sexually abused and indecently assaulted the victim and another young girl for several years.

It was reported to police in November 2015 and an investigation was launched. Ingmire was arrested in March 2016, but denied all allegations.

He was subsequently found guilty of 12 counts of rape and indecent assault, and was today (Tuesday) sentenced to ten years in prison.

Ingmire was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) and placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

In a victim impact statement read out during the hearing, the court heard one of the victims describe how she is dealing with mental health issues as a result of the abuse she endured as a child.

She said: "My relationships have suffered because of what he did to me. I am sad that I have no happy recollections of my childhood.

"My own confidence has been low for so long, I struggle to make friends, go out by myself and I have become paranoid for the safety of my own children.

"I will need counselling and therapy to help me come to terms with what has happened and to help me try to move forward with my life. I want Craig to go to prison for his crimes so other people are safe from him ever being able to abuse them."

Detective Constable Sharon Ellis, from Bedfordshire Police's Child and Vulnerable Adult Abuse team, who investigated the case, said: "Ingmire subjected his victims to many incidents of sexual abuse over a prolonged period of several years.

"I applaud the strength and courage of the two women for coming forward, and for supporting a lengthy investigation. I hope that today's sentence will help them move forward with their lives.

"I want to take this opportunity to say that it is never too late to report sexual offences to us, no matter how long ago it happened, and this case is a great example.

"Sexual abuse is the worst thing a child can be subjected to and we will do all we can to investigate such cases and to bring these offenders to justice."

If you have concerns about child sexual abuse, or you have been a victim, please report it to Bedfordshire Police on 101.

Parents can visit the Parents Protect website which is run by the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, for lots of useful resources to help prevent child sexual abuse.

The NSPCC website has a wealth of information on how to teach your child about staying safe from sexual abuse, including the PANTS underwear rule:

P - Privates are private
A - Always remember your body belongs to you
N - No means no
T - Talk about secrets that upset you
S - Speak up, someone can help
