```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Protecting Bedfordshire\u2019s road users is the remit of Reg, a Road Safety Rat introduced by the county\u2019s Road Safety Partnership."
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: "Bedfordshire\u2019s Road Safety Rat Reg urges motorists not to drink-drive this Christmas"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reg-rat-dec2019
```

Protecting Bedfordshire's road users is the remit of Reg, a Road Safety Rat introduced by the county's Road Safety Partnership.

The road safety rat mascot has been created jointly by agencies who make up the Bedfordshire Road Safety Partnership (BRSP), including Bedfordshire Police and the tri-force Joint Protective Services, the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, Highways England, the Road Victims Trust as well as all three of the county's local authorities: Bedford Borough Council, Central Bedfordshire Council and Luton Borough Council.

Reg is arriving on the scene this Christmas, with his very first job to support multi-agency awareness campaigns advising motorists against drink and drug driving over the festive season.

Reg says: "This Christmas, don't get behind the wheel of a car if you've been drinking or taken drugs. Drink and drug driving are one of the fatal five behaviours which are the biggest causes of deaths on our roads.

"Instead, why not plan to get picked up by a friend or relative, get a licenced taxi home, or stick to soft drinks on a night out. Being even slightly over the legal drink-drive limit can have fatal consequences for yourself or others. The message is simple - don't get rat-faced and then drive!"

Reg will continue to support all forms of road safety messaging into 2020, including on all of the other fatal five: speeding, distraction, using mobile devices and not wearing a seatbelt.

Reg's mission will also see him educating young drivers to prepare them for the road, as well as help deliver important advice to pedestrians, cyclists and motorbike riders. He will also help the BRSP in supporting victims of road incidents and collisions.

Chief Inspector Rachael Glendenning from Bedfordshire Police said on behalf of the BRSP: "We have created Reg the Road Safety Rat in order to appeal to road users of all ages and help deliver important safety messages in a new and engaging way.

"This Christmas Reg will be supporting our drink and drug driving awareness campaign that has been running across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire. Our officers continue to conduct proactive patrols and stops to ensure we deter people from thinking they can get behind the wheel of a car above the legal drink or drug limit.

"Reg will be appearing on our Facebook, Twitter and Instagram over the Christmas period to help issue this very important and lifesaving reminder."

Follow #KeepingBedsSafe to see Reg the Road Safety Rat and all of the other ways we are working to keep the public safe this Christmas.
