```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Just after 5.50pm on Saturday (6 February), a grey Vauxhall Corsa, a green VW Transporter and a silver BMW were involved in a collision on the B658 between Shefford and Stanford.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2021
title: Appeal after serious collision near Shefford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/road-collision-shefford-feb21
```

**We are appealing for information following a road traffic collision which left two people seriously injured. **

Just after 5.50pm on Saturday (6 February), a grey Vauxhall Corsa, a green VW Transporter and a silver BMW were involved in a collision on the B658 between Shefford and Stanford.

Emergency services attended and the road was closed to deal with the incident. Four people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries; two people suffered from serious injuries and remain in hospital in a stable condition.

Sergeant Mark Atkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are working to establish the circumstances of how this collision occurred and would like to speak to anyone who witnessed it, saw the vehicles in the time leading up to it, or has dashcam footage as this would really help with our enquiries.

"We believe a small orange hatchback was in the vicinity at the time the collision occurred and we are also appealing for the driver or any passengers to come forward, as anything they can tell us could be vital to our investigation."

A man in his 30s was arrested at the scene on suspicion of driving a motor vehicle in excess of the specified drug limit and has since been released under investigation.

Any witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage can get in contact through the our online reporting centre.

Alternatively, you can call 101 and quote Operation Durance.
