```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A 65-year-old man has pleaded guilty to several counts of dangerous driving, following a fatal collision on the M1 in December last year.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: 65-year-old man pleads guilty to dangerous driving during fatal M1 collision
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-torr-sentencing-may20
```

A 65-year-old man has pleaded guilty to several counts of dangerous driving, following a fatal collision on the M1 in December last year.

Wojciech Bukowski from Poland appeared via video-link at Luton Crown Court on Monday (11 May) and pleaded guilty to one count of causing death by dangerous driving and four counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

The incident happened at approximately 3.15pm on Sunday 1 December when Bukowski's heavy goods vehicle struck a blue Kia Sedona people carrier on the southbound carriageway at junction 11a, which has pulled over to the inside lane as the vehicle was experiencing mechanical difficulties.

Emergency services attended, but Zahid Ahmed, 19, who was sat in the nearside rear passenger seat, was pronounced dead at the scene. Four of the other passengers were left with serious injuries and the driver had minor injuries.

Mr Bukowski suffered no injuries in the collision. He will be sentenced on 1 June.

Detective Constable Ben Amondsen, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am glad that Bukowski has pleaded guilty to causing death and serious injury by dangerous driving, as this saves the family of the victim and the other people who were injured, of going through the stress of a trial.

"This case stresses the importance of paying due care and attention whilst on driving. Fatal collisions, such as this, can be easily prevented, and careless driving, is one of the five fatal behaviours, along with drink and drug driving, being on a mobile phone, not wearing a seatbelt and speeding, that are the biggest causes of deaths on our roads.

"Unfortunately, Bukowski's careless actions that day resulted in a young man losing his life, as well the life-changing impact the collision has had on the other people involved."
