```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Rural Crime Team have been tackling fly-tipping, which blights rural communities across the county.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: Rural Crime Team tackles fly-tipping during two-day crackdown
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-cime-flytipping-april19
```

**Our Rural Crime Team has been working to tackle fly-tipping, which blights rural communities across the county, starting with two days of action last week.**

Last Wednesday and Thursday (10 and 11 April), the team worked with all three of the county's local authorities to run the joint operation. Together with Environmental Protection Officers, they checked that waste-carrying vehicles carried the correct licence and were complying with the relevant requirements which allow them to move waste.

The team also worked closely with Licensing Compliance Officers from all three local authorities to carry out checks at scrapyards, recycling centres and home businesses where cars are dismantled and parts are sold on.

The days of action follow fly-tipping being highlighted as one of the national priorities for Rural Crime as set by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC).

Two fly-tipping sites in Bedfordshire are now being investigated by the Environment Agency, with support from the force's Rural Crime Team.

PC Stuart Grant, from the Rural Crime Team, said: "Fly-tipping can range from small sites on the side of the road to illegal waste dumping grounds, where others are charged to dump waste illegally with no control or documentation. Fly-tipping has been identified as a national issue, but we know that it's also a problem in our rural communities. Our residents shouldn't have their landscapes blemished with waste.

"Our days of action were a great success, and we were able to check numerous vehicles and make sure they held the correct licences and documentation. We'll continue to work with our colleagues at all of Bedfordshire's local authorities to ensure Bedfordshire is not an easy target for fly-tipping and waste crime."

The Rural Crime Team are asking anyone who witnesses fly-tipping in progress to call 999. However, if waste has already been dumped and it is not a crime in progress, please report this to the local authority for that area.

Members of the public paying companies or individuals to remove waste can prevent themselves from being prosecuted if it's fly-tipped by following these steps:

 * Suspect all waste carriers. Don't let them take your rubbish until they provide proof of registration. Note their vehicle's registration plate.
 * Check that a waste carrier is registered on the **Environment Agency 's website**.
 * Refuse any unexpected offers to have your rubbish taken away.
 * Ask how your rubbish will be disposed of - seek evidence of this.
 * Paperwork must be obtained: a proper invoice, waste transfer note or receipt, including a description of the waste being removed and the waste carrier's contact details
