```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have been commemorating Holocaust Memorial Day (HMD) in a variety of ways.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: Force marks Holocaust Memorial Day
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/holocaust-memorial-day-2019
```

**We have been commemorating Holocaust Memorial Day (HMD) in a variety of ways, in partnership with the Anne Frank Trust UK through the theme 'Torn from Home'.**

On Thursday (24 January) hate crime officers attended and supported an event where anti-hate crime ambassadors from Stopsley High School explained the different stages of genocide, the impact it has and what we can learn from the past. Stopsley students also a performed a moving drama piece on the theme Torn from Home and guided visitors around the exhibition 'Anne Frank - A History for Today' at the University of Bedfordshire's (UoB) Luton campus. The event which was organised by the Luton HMD Steering Group and Luton Borough Council, also included a personal testimony, music from Luton Youth Cantores and a keynote address from Dr Helen Connolly of UoB, on unaccompanied minors arriving in the UK today.

Education charity the Anne Frank Trust UK run an anti-hate crime project in primary and secondary schools across the county, in partnership with Bedfordshire Police and funded by the Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Kathryn Holloway. The programme incorporates a range of dynamic workshops designed to generate debate and discussion on prejudice, hate crime and social responsibility, and promote positive attitudes. Workshops are delivered alongside tours of the Anne Frank Trust's acclaimed exhibition: 'Anne Frank - A History for Today' and Holocaust survivors are also invited to share their remarkable stories.

On Sunday (27 January), Community Cohesion officers attended the HMD commemoration at The Anne Frank Tree in Russell Park, Bedford, and Bedford Borough Council's Civic Commemoration at the Harpur Suite, along with other prominent community members and Val Ross, Eastern Regional Manager for the Anne Frank Trust. The event was organised by a steering group set up by Bedford Council of Faiths to remember the millions of people murdered during the Holocaust, under Nazi persecution and in the genocides which followed in Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia and Darfur.

Val said: "Holocaust Memorial Day is a time when we honour the survivors who endured genocide and all those whose lives were changed beyond recognition to learn the lessons of the past and recognise that genocide does not just take place on its own - it's a steady process which can begin if discrimination, racism and hatred are not checked and prevented. We're fortunate here in the UK we are not at immediate risk of genocide. However, discrimination has not ended, nor has the use of the language of hatred or exclusion. We must call out and challenge 'not in my name'.

"There is still much to do to create a safer future and we are working hard with Bedfordshire Police and schools in the local area to tackle hate crime and create Anti-Hate Crime Ambassadors to carry forward the message that prejudice and abuse are unacceptable."

Hate Crime lead Sergeant Carl Perri added: "The work of the Trust is so important for the next generation and community of Bedfordshire, empowering young people with the knowledge, skills and confidence to challenge all forms of prejudice and discrimination. At Bedfordshire Police we take hate crimes extremely seriously as we understand the devastating impact on victims, and encourage them to come forward."

This Thursday (31 January) the Trust, in partnership with The Higgins Museum, is hosting a Super Learning Day, supported by Sgt Perri. Almost 100 students from local schools will take part in a number of workshops exploring routes of displacement derived from conflict and war and the impact of being 'torn from home'. They will watch and discuss the documentary No Asylum: The Untold Chapter of Anne Frank's Story, focusing on Anne Frank's father's recently discovered letters revealing new information about the family's struggle to obtain visas to save themselves from the clutches of the Nazis.

There will also be a celebration of Bedford's Polish community, many of whom settled following the Second World War and a chance to learn about the 'history keepers' from the Bedford Polish community who keep their stories alive. A session called "Talking in the kitchen" will explore what people call home through favourite recipes and a creative writing workshop where students will create responses to the Anne Frank documentary using poetry.

Hate crimes can be reported by calling 101, reporting online at www.report-it.org.uk or by visiting one of the local reporting centres. For further information visit the Bedfordshire Police website and for more information about the Anne Frank Trust visit www.annefrank.org.uk
