```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: 21 Police Cadets were honoured at a ceremony on Sunday (9 September).
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: 21 Police Cadets celebrated at ceremony marking their contribution
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadets-passing-out-sept2018
```

**21 of our Police Cadets were honoured at a ceremony on Sunday (9 September), to thank them for their contribution to the force. **

The ceremony was held at The Harpur Suite in Bedford, where the second-year Cadets were presented with certificates to mark their achievements over the previous 12 months. The ceremony also marked their transition from the second year of the Cadet programme into the third year, and the new Head Cadet and Drill Sergeants for each unit were also appointed.

Cadet instructors, family and friends were on hand to watch the Cadets march, and were joined by special guests including HM Lord-Lieutenant of Bedfordshire Helen Nellis, the High Sheriff of Bedfordshire Julian Polhill, Special Constabulary Chief Officer Clint Sharp, Cllr Doug McMurdo of Bedford Borough Council, Detective Superintendent Liz Mead and Chief Superintendent David Boyle, who presented the certificates.

Bedfordshire's Cadets follow a three-year national programme, allowing them to build life skills and gain an insight into policing.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "It was a pleasure to join the Cadets on Sunday and present them with certificates as they continue to make such a valuable contribution to the force and to the communities of Bedfordshire.

"The Cadets who were part of the Passing Out Parade will now go into the third year of the Cadet programme, where they will be able to build on the skills they have already developed. A number of the Cadets who are now 18 have already applied and been accepted into our Special Constabulary, and it will be a pleasure to welcome them back to the force and work alongside them once they have completed their training."

Bedfordshire Police's Cadet programme is for people aged 15 to 18. The force has units which meet every week in Bedford, Dunstable and Biggleswade. The Cadets assist the force with various operations, including alcohol test purchasing, help at crime prevention events, and represent the force at official ceremonies across the county. They also receive training in law and police procedures and through the programme follow a pathway to enable them to apply for opportunities within the force.

Find out more about the Cadet programme on our recruitment and volunteering pages.
