```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: One knife has been recovered after we carried out weapons sweeps in Bedford earlier today (Monday).
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: One knife found as officers carry out weapons searches in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/weapons-knife-bedford-july2018
```

**One knife has been recovered after we carried out weapons sweeps in Bedford earlier today (Monday).**

Specially trained officers carried out searches in the town as part of Operation Sceptre in the run up to the River Festival this weekend (14 and 15 July).

Operation Sceptre is a national initiative to tackle knife crime. Every year, two weeks of action take place involving police forces across the county. But Bedfordshire Police has additionally carried out days of action every month this year too.

The force is also continuing to work with schools, partners and the community to tackle knife crime, which has risen nationally.

Inspector John Nichols, from the force's crime reduction team, said: "It's important for us to carry out this kind of activity to find weapons that have either been discarded or hidden for future use. Weapons that we do find are destroyed, ensuring they can't be used in future.

"This kind of activity is particularly important in the run up to events like the River Festival, which should be a safe and fun family event. Officers will be at the River Festival on the day to make sure that anyone looking to disrupt the day is dealt with appropriately

"Tackling knife crime is a priority for the force, and this is just one tactic we're using to clamp down on this. We're also working closely with our partners at the three councils in the county, and the input of our communities will also be vital in putting a stop to the use of weapons on our streets."

Cllr Colleen Atkins, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety said: "The Bedford River Festival is always a popular event, attracting many thousands of people to our beautiful riverside. The work the Council and our partners do in the run up to this event is vital, ensuring the weekend is a safe, successful and enjoyable event for the whole family."

For more information about knife crime, visit our knife crime pages.

If you have any information about knife crime in your area please report it to us by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
