```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have launched a witness appeal after the Co-op store in Clarence Road was robbed at gunpoint.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following armed robbery in Leighton Buzzard
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-armed-robbery-leightonbuzzard-dec18
```

**We are appealing for information regarding a gunpoint robbery at a shop in Leighton Buzzard yesterday (Sunday). **

Just after the store opened at 7am, three offenders, one carrying a small black handgun, entered the Co-Op store in Clarence Road. The man with the gun threatened a staff member and demanded he open the till, and the three staff members were told to lie on the floor whilst the offenders took a quantity of cash, cigarettes and alcohol.

Two of the men left the store in an unknown direction, and the third is believed to have turned right towards Plantation Road.

Two of the men were described as black, of medium build, and wearing black Puffa jackets with white zips. The gunman is described as a light-skinned black man, of medium build, and wearing a black, shiny Puffa jacket.

All three offenders had the hoods of the coats up, and were wearing balaclavas obscuring their faces. In addition, two are thought to have deep voices with local accents.

Detective Mandy Godfree, investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident in which three members of staff were threatened at gunpoint. We are following a number of lines of enquiry and are keen to speak to trace the men involved.

"If you were in Clarence Road early yesterday morning and saw anything suspicious, or saw anyone matching the description of these offenders, please get in touch, as any information could be vital in our investigation."

Contact us on 101 quoting reference 96 of 9 December, or use our online reporting centre. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
