```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Family pays tribute as man who died in road collision is named
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Family pays tribute as man who died in road collision is named
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-pays-tribute-Jan21
```

**The family of a man who died in a road traffic collision on the M1 on Sunday has paid tribute to him. **

Rabnawaz Khan, 50, from Birmingham, died following a single vehicle collision on the northbound carriageway of the M1, between junction 12 and 13, at around 1.20pm on Sunday (3 January).

Mr Khan's family - his brother Jehan Zeb and son Farooq Khan - issued a statement saying: "He will be missed. It is a great loss to the family and community.

"He did a lot of fundraising in local mosques. He would put on activities and he would contribute a certain percentage of his garage earnings to charity.

"He established his business more than 30 years ago and trained his son to work in it.

"He was so very well-known that people would pay for his travel expenses because they trusted his workmanship. It was of a high standard.

"He was deep into his religion. He would help anyone. Whenever there was an issue, he would help, no matter what."

PC Felicity Moody from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "Our thoughts are with Mr Khan's family at this time.

"Our investigation into the circumstances continue, and we are keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed the incident.

"If you think you saw the yellow Audi R8 prior to the collision, or have any dash cam footage, then please get in touch."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting Operation Romeo or use the online reporting centre.
