```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: More than 660 people were arrested in December as Bedfordshire Police worked round the clock to keep the county safe over the Christmas period.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Thank you for support over busy christmas period
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-morris-january2010
```

**More than 660 people were arrested in December as Bedfordshire Police worked round the clock to keep the county safe over the Christmas period. **

Meanwhile more than 20,000 calls were made to 101 and 999, including 302 emergency calls on Christmas Day.

The force also carried out dedicated operations in town centres over the weekends preceding Christmas, working with partners to help keep people safe whilst enjoying a festive night out.

Meanwhile, Operation Ford, a county-wide drink drive operation ran by response officers, saw 118 people breathalysed with 12 people arrested for driving over the prescribed limit. One person was also arrested on suspicion of drug driving.

Assistant Chief Constable Jackie Sebire said: "The Christmas and New Year is always a busy time for emergency services and 2019 was no exception.

"Sadly we do see a spike in certain types of crime over Christmas; we received 78 calls in relation to domestic incidents on Christmas Day itself, which is a huge increase on our normal day to day figures. Those people who reported abuse to us will now be receiving the appropriate support and safeguarding while investigations take place.

"Crime doesn't stop for Christmas and neither do we, and that is shown by the 663 arrests we were able to make in December, as well as all of those people we were able to help by being at the end of the phone at the time they needed us the most.

"I'd like to pay tribute and say thank you to all of our fantastic officers and staff who worked incredibly hard over Christmas, forgoing time with their own loved ones in order to help keep Bedfordshire safe."

Bedfordshire Police also worked to deliver Christmas cheer in the build up to Christmas, with officers visiting Luton and Dunstable Hospital on a number of occasions to deliver more than 100 gifts donated by officers and staff.

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth said: "I would like to thank the officers, staff and our partner agencies for digging deep to support such a fantastic cause and to the hospital for allowing us to spread some festive cheer across the children's ward."
