```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police is appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in Luton, and knocked unconscious following an altercation which arose from a conversation about the victim and offender both wearing similar red checked shirts.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following Luton assault over a red checked shirt
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-luton-assault-redcheckedshirt
```

Bedfordshire Police is appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in Luton, and knocked unconscious following an altercation which arose from a conversation about the victim and offender both wearing similar red checked shirts.

The incident took place on Saturday 13 June, around 6.30pm, in the Telford Way underpass. The victim was walking by the roundabout with two female friends and passed the offender who was wearing a similar looking shirt to him. One of the victim's friends made a comment about it, then the offender turned and approached the victim, aggressively asked if he wanted a fight, and struck him on the head.

The victim fell to the ground and was kicked, punched, and knocked unconscious. He suffered head and facial injuries which required hospital treatment.

The offender is described as a Polish speaker, around 30 years of age, bald, and was wearing a red checked shirt, similar to the one pictured here.

PC Abbi Netherton, investigating, said: "This was a particularly nasty, violent, motiveless attack that appears to have centred around the shirts that both the offender and victim were wearing.

"The victim has suffered horrific injuries and we are appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident, or who has any information.

"If you know of anyone fitting the description of the offender, and who owns a red checked shirt, who could have been in the Telford Way area that evening, please get in contact. We will never tolerate this kind of violence in our county."

Anyone with any information should contact 101, report online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report, quoting reference 40/32929/20.

Alternatively contact independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.

If you have been affected by crime and need support contact the Signpost Hub at www.signpostforbedfordshire.com
