```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have welcomed five interns into the force to bring new ideas and innovative thinking, while giving them the opportunity to learn vital working life skills to build their professional experience.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: We welcome five interns into the force
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/we-welcome-five-interns-into-the-force
```

### We have welcomed five interns into the force to bring new ideas and innovative thinking, while giving them the opportunity to learn vital working life skills to build their professional experience.

Today (Friday) the new interns have completed their induction week and will be joining their specialist policing teams next week.

The interns come from across the UK and from various subject backgrounds, and have been placed in different teams including the Public Protection Unit, the Mental Health Hub and the Strategic Services & Improvement Department, where they can help tackle issues such as supporting units with mental health guidance and helping some of the most vulnerable people in Bedfordshire.

The force has been running paid internships for six years, with 75 interns benefitting from summer and sandwich work placements. Internships provide a great learning environment for students as they are able to gain essential working skills, learn how to interact in a real working environment and put into practice the knowledge they have gained from their university studies.

The force's internship has helped open doors for previous cohorts, with some having started their career in policing as a police officer or in a volunteer role, with others becoming a project officer with a university or working with the National Crime Agency.

Assistant Chief Constable Sharn Basra said: "Our internship enables the force to connect and give back to the younger generation. We are able to pass on vital skills to help them in the future and give them an insight into what a career in policing could look like for them.

"Interns bring new and fresh ideas to the table, which can help us think differently when tackling new issues, as well as a much needed helping hand to support our teams and manage our busy demand."

Mark Mason, Cadet and Internship Officer, said: "It's really rewarding seeing the interns develop during their time with us and really become a valued member of their team.

"It's encouraging to see that our internship has inspired so many of our past students to join a career in policing, and even join us here in Bedfordshire as police officers or staff. There are so many paths to take when you join the force and it's great to see the interns taking that opportunity."

Our internship applications for the sandwich year placements in 2021 will open in January. Please follow the Bedfordshire Police social channels or visit interns to stay up to date with the application windows.
