```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A big concern is the safety of some children at home at this current time and it is important that people know how to report any concerns they may have about a child.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: Police back latest NSPCC campaign to keep children safe from abuse and neglect
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nspcc-child-campaign-may20
```

**We are supporting the NSPCC with its latest campaign to help safeguard children who are more susceptible to abuse or neglect, with families currently isolating during the coronavirus pandemic. **

A big concern is the safety of some children at home at this current time and it is important that people know how to report any concerns they may have about a child.

Detective Superintendent Zara Brown, Head of the Public Protection Unit, said: "We are fully supporting the NSPCC's campaign as keeping children safe is our priority and we will do all we can to ensure we are able to protect the most vulnerable in our communities.

"Unfortunately home isn't always a safe place for some children, and school is where they would normally seek a safe space if they are experiencing any issues at home. This had now been taken away from them and they are in a situation where they no longer have regular contact with a trusted adult, who may have been in a position to spot any signs of abuse or neglect.

"We all have a role to play in protecting children and young people from harm and this is why we are calling on you as a neighbour, relative or a member of the community, to help us safeguard those who may be at risk and report any concerns you may have."

The NSPCC has provided some common signs that may indicate a child is suffering abuse or neglect. These include:

 * Aggressive or repeated shouting
 * Hearing hitting or things being broken
 * Children crying for long periods of time
 * Very young children left alone or are outdoors by themselves
 * Children looking dirty or not changing their clothes
 * Children being withdrawn or anxious.

If you are worried or have any concerns about a child, please call us on 101 or you can report through our online reporting tool.

You can visit the NSPCC website for advice and guidance, particularly during this pandemic. It can reached 24 hours a day by emailing help@nspcc.org,uk, or its team of experts can be reached on 0808 800 5000 from Monday to Friday between 8am to 10pm or at the weekends between 9am and 6pm. There is also an online form available on its website too.

ChildLine also has a lot of information on its website for any child or young person who is struggling with issues at home. You can call 0800 1111, email or chat online with a councillor.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
