```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A property believed to be linked to commercial sexual exploitation has been closed for three months following a police operation.
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: Luton property closed following brothel warrant
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luton-property-closed-following-brothel-warrant
```

### A property believed to be linked to commercial sexual exploitation has been closed for three months following a police operation.

The address in Holly Street, Luton was closed by the courts on Monday (10 August) after a warrant at the suspected brothel on Friday (7 August).

During the warrant one woman was arrested, and two other women were safeguarded and taken to a place of safety.

The warrant was part of Operation Thame, which targets the illegal sex trade in Luton. This operation involves a number of partner agencies working together to tackle prostitution and safeguard victims of sexual exploitation.

Luton Community policing team Inspector Richard Cunningham said: "Our force won't tolerate exploitation of vulnerable people by organised crime. We will continue our work with local partners to offer support to victims and offer them a way out.

"Sexual exploitation is a complex issue which requires a multi-agency approach. Our dedicated Operation Thame reflects this and sees a number of agencies and charities coming together to tackle this difficult issue."

If you believe someone is a victim of sexual exploitation or other forms of modern day slavery, report it to the police by visiting their online reporting centre or by calling 101.

 You can also report information anonymously via the Modern Slavery Helpline, on 08000 121 700.

Azalea is a local charity working with the victims of human trafficking. For advice or to report any concerns contact them on 01582 733200.
