```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been arrested in connection with a stabbing in Shefford on Monday night (24 August).
publish:
  date: 27 Aug 2020
title: Arrest made following Shefford stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-made-following-shefford-stabbing
```

### A teenager has been arrested in connection with a stabbing in Shefford on Monday night (24 August).

The incident happened at around 9pm when officers were called to reports that two teenagers had been stabbed after an attack just off Stanford Road.

A 19-year-old man and 17-year-old boy were taken to hospital with multiple stab wounds. The man has injuries that are believed to be life changing.

A 17-year-old has been arrested in connection with the incident and is currently in police custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "We are encouraging anyone who has information to come forward, or to contact us if your vehicle was in the area or travelling towards Clifton at the time and you have dashcam footage. This will help us piece together the circumstances around this attack.

"We believe this was an isolated incident with no risk to the wider public, and our community officers will be patrolling the area to give reassurance to residents and listen to any concerns they may have. We will continue our dedicated operations to help keep our communities safe.

"We will pursue anybody who thinks the use of weapons is acceptable and we will crack down hard on anybody perpetrating this kind of crime.

"We are doing all we can, but would always implore our communities to help us stamp out the organised crime which often drives knife crime and exploitation.

"You don't have to talk to us - if you have information or concerns, you can speak to Crimestoppers anonymously and in confidence."

Our Boson team is dedicated to tackling serious youth violence throughout the county. It carries out proactive patrols to stamp out gangs and drug dealing, including recently in Shefford.

More than 200 young people have been referred to multi-agency panels chaired by Boson this summer to steer them away from gangs and potential exploitation. The team has helped achieve a nine per cent reduction in incidents relating to serious youth violence in Bedfordshire over the past year.

If you have any information please visit the force's online reporting tool or call 101, and quote Op Ardara. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. For help or advice on knife crime and other forms of serious violence, including taking steps to leave a gang, please visit bedsveru.org
