```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The fifth successful conviction under Operation Painter - a review of undetected rapes and sexual offences which occurred between 1974 and 1999.
publish:
  date: 1 Sep 2020
title: Nine years for Bedford man after cold case review of two rapes
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chandra-painter-jailed-sep20
```

**A man from Bedford has been jailed today (Tuesday) for raping two women, after DNA evidence matched him to offences that took place more than two decades ago.**

Prem Chandra, formerly known as Putul Nath, 47, of St Leonard's Avenue, Bedford, pleaded guilty at Luton Crown Court in January to raping a 14-year-old girl on 25 June 1996, and a 26-year-old woman on 30 July 1997.

Forensic evidence recovered during both investigations did not match with any offenders at the time, but Chandra's DNA profile, collected when he was convicted for another offence in 2008, was traced through work carried out under Operation Painter; a review of undetected rapes and sexual offences which occurred between 1974 and 1999.

Sentencing Chandra at Luton Crown Court to nine years for each offence, to run concurrently, Judge Andrew Bright referenced his victims, and spoke of the "devastating psychological damage, with profound impact on their lives".

Detective Inspector Emma Pitts, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, who investigated the cases, said: "Chandra remained a free man such a long period of time, while his victims have continued to live with their horrific ordeals.

"He has now been brought to justice for these abhorrent crimes, and I'd like to thank his victims for their continued bravery and assistance in bringing the cases to court.

"I sincerely hope today's sentencing will give them some form of closure.

"The jailing of Chandra shows it is never too late to report a sexual assault. We always take such reports incredibly seriously and will do all we can to investigate.

"This is now the fifth successful conviction under Operation Painter, and thanks to scientific advancement and the tenacity of our detectives, working with our partners in forensic science, we are able to review cases dating back years, if not decades, and finally bring evil sexual predators to justice."

Chandra is the fifth perpetrator to be jailed under Operation Painter, which was launched in 2016.

 * Ian Harper, formerly known as Ian Harrison, was sentenced to life in prison in December 2017 at Peterborough Crown Court, for the rape of a woman in her home in Peterborough in 1985.
 * Shipu Ahmed from Luton was sentenced to 22 years in prison in June 2018 for two counts of rape committed within the space of two weeks in late 2007.
 * Donald Kargbo-Refells from Clapham, was jailed in November 2018 for 12 years, having been convicted of a rape committed in Bedford in June 1999.
 * In May 2019, James Devlin was jailed for 13 years for the 1995 rape of a 15-year-old boy in Shortstown, near Bedford.

Victims of rape and sexual assault can receive support and guidance from Bedfordshire Police and its partner agencies including the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), as well as support through the criminal investigation process, regardless of how long ago the offence occurred.

If you have been a victim of sexual assault, reports can be made to police on 101. You can also contact SARC through the Emerald Centre, by visiting www.emeraldcentre.org, emailing admin.emeraldcentre@nhs.net or calling 01234 842750.

Always call 999 in an emergency.
