```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The Mall in Luton has become the first shopping centre in Bedfordshire to become a Hate Crime Reporting Centre.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: Making it easier to report hate crime
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hate-crime-reporting-mall-oct18
```

**The Mall in Luton has become the first shopping centre in Bedfordshire to become a Hate Crime Reporting Centre, ahead of National Hate Crime Awareness Week (13-20 October).**

Also joining is mental health and wellbeing charity Mind BLMK (Bedfordshire Luton and Milton Keynes).

The charity will work in partnership with Bedfordshire Police to join the list of organisations to act as reporting centres, allowing victims/witnesses of hate crime to report the matter in familiar surroundings and to someone they may feel more comfortable with rather than reporting it directly to the police.

Bedfordshire Police works in partnership with a wide variety of partners who perform the role of third party reporting centres. Staff within these centres have been trained to assist victims or witnesses in submitting a report to the police and can make such a report on the victim's/witness' behalf.

Sergeant Carl Perri from the force's Hate Crime unit, said: "We are really pleased to now have The Mall Luton and Mind BLMK on board to give victims better opportunities to report hate crime. We are working hard to tackle this across the county, as it has a devastating impact on victims who are targeted because of their identity.

"Although we have seen a rise in people reporting hate crime, we know it remains under-reported and our third party reporting centres play an important role in encouraging victims to come forward."

Roy Greening, General Manager at The Mall Luton, said: "We are delighted to work with Bedfordshire Police to raise awareness and help combat hate crime, and are honoured to have become the first shopping centre in Bedfordshire to become a reporting centre.

"We have people of all races, religious backgrounds, sexual orientations, disabilities, gender identities, ages and sub cultures who come through our doors and could be potential victims of a hate crime. It's wonderful we can now offer them a facility where they can come and talk to our staff about their concerns or concerns about someone who has been a victim."

Millie Smith, Mental Health Recovery Coordinator, at Mind BLMK added: "Anyone at any time can suffer mental health issues, just as anyone at any time can be a victim of hate crime. We're used to supporting people and are pleased to be able to be able to offer this vital service to our service users."

If you or anyone you know has been affected by hate crime contact Bedfordshire Police on 101 or contact True Vision online at report-it.org.uk or via the Third Party Reporting Centres which can be found on the Bedfordshire Police website. Don't ever suffer in silence.

You can also keep up with what Beds Police is doing to tackle hate crime by following @hatecrimeteam on Twitter.
