```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Were you in Wenlock Road at 1.40am this morning (Friday)?
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: Appeal launched after a man injured in hit and run in Luton in the early hours
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beds-luton-hitandrun-jul20
```

**We are appealing for witnesses, after a man was injured in a hit and run incident in Luton in the early hours of this morning (Friday).**

At approximately 1.40am, a man was involved in a collision with a vehicle as he was crossing the roundabout on Wenlock Road, at the junction of Dudley Street.

The vehicle failed to stop at the scene, and the man was taken to hospital for treatment to leg injuries.

The car, which is believed to be a blue hatchback, drove away from the scene before the emergency services were called, and an investigation has been launched.

Detective Constable Kimberley Anderson, investigating, said: "This was a shocking incident which has left the victim injured, and we are carrying out a number of enquiries to locate the driver of the car involved in this collision.

"We would appeal to the driver to get in touch with us as soon as possible.

"Although it happened in the early hours, we know there were people and other cars in the area, and we are keen to speak to anybody that may have seen this incident, or may have details of the vehicle involved, especially if you know of a blue hatchback that has sustained recent damage to its offside wing.

"We're appealing for anyone with information, or dash cam footage to come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to report via the online reporting centre, quoting reference 32 of 31 July.

Or you can call independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
