```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Can you help us find this man?
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2021
title: Investigation launched into 2018 Bromham rape
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bromham-2018-rape-appeal-feb21
```

**Officers from our Public Protection Unit have released an e-fit image and are appealing for information, after a boy recently reported being raped in Bromham in 2018.**

A 12-year-old boy was running towards Bromham Bridge from Bedford at around 6pm in late August 2018, when he was grabbed from behind by a man, and taken to a car that was parked nearby where he was raped.

After around 15 minutes, he managed to escape his attacker and run home.

The man is described as then being in his late 30s or early 40s, around 6 foot, with ginger hair and stubble. He was wearing black tracksuit bottoms and a zip up hoodie.

It is believed the car was a black five-door model Ford Focus or Fiesta.

Detective Constable Rebecca Goodman, investigating, said: "It has taken great courage for a young boy to come forward now and report this shocking incident.

"This happened on a warm summer's evening in a popular walking spot, and although we appreciate this was some time ago we hope something may stick in your memory about that evening.

"Do you recognise the man pictured? Did you see anyone acting suspiciously, or a boy running, and can now help us piece together the events of that evening.

"Any information, however small, could help us to progress this investigation.

If you were in the area at this time, regularly walk those routes, or have any information, please report online via https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or via our webchat facility, quoting reference 40/65136/20.

You can also contact us on 101. Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
