```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police has become the first force in the country to have a vehicle dedicated to triaging digital media devices on scene to help speed up the process of investigating cyber crimes.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2018
title: Cyber van launched to help tackle modern-day policing challenge
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cyber-van-launch-aug2018
```

**We have become the first force in the country to have a vehicle dedicated to triaging digital media devices on scene to help speed up the process of investigating cyber crimes.**

The cyber van will be taken to warrants so that investigators can test mobile phones, tablets and laptops whilst at the crime scene and only remove devices that require further testing at the cyber laboratory at the force's headquarters in Kempston.

Our Internet Child Abuse Investigation Team (ICAIT) currently carries out two or three warrants a week, with each one resulting in three or four devices per resident at an address. We are also dealing with a backlog of devices, due to the huge expansion in this area of crime over recent years.

Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway gave £42,000 to fund the purchase and bespoke fitting of the vehicle and officially handed over the keys to us at a launch event this morning (Tuesday).

She said: "I'm absolutely delighted to have been able to invest more than £40,000 in the cyber van. The van is capable of forensically examining up to six digital devices at the same time, on the spot.

"This is a huge challenge as all the data in a single iPhone would stretch for a whole mile. They can work at the scene for up to 14 hours as the van has self-sufficient battery power. This means that phones, tablets and computers which previously had been removed for months at a time, given the backlog for the team back at base, can be excluded from an inquiry that same day and returned to family members who may have vital work or homework preparation contained on them.

"On the very first day of its operation, the team uncovered evidence of the highest category of indecent images of children just 30 seconds after starting to look for it. Sadly, Bedfordshire Police officers frequently execute warrants, looking for evidence of such images, and have had to examine computers in the family home with all the possibilities of innocent partners or their own children being able to catch sight of them, and have worked for hours at a time in unsanitary surroundings, to get the evidence they need as soon as possible.

"The cyber van not only offers the opportunity of advancing justice and catching criminals, such as paedophiles, on the same day but allows these innocent members of a household to be reunited with the digital devices that we all need to live our lives to the full in 2018."

Chief Constable Jon Boutcher said: "Crime has changed significantly in the last five years with smart phones and computers being used by criminals to continue and advance their offending. It is a painstaking process to collect exhibits and complete examination; our new van will enable much greater efficiency in examination of such devices.

"I am very proud of how our officers' exceptional work has put us in a leading position for dealing with cyber crime; one of the greatest modern-day challenges of policing."

Having the van will also mean officers can work away from the home address of a suspect and avoid adding to the distress of innocent family members.

Our cyber hub was established in 2015 and combines multiple teams specialising in digital forensics, cyber crime investigation and ICAIT. For more information on the hub and what the force is doing about this type of crime, visit our cyber hub and online safety pages.
