```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Tackling child exploitation is an absolute crucial priority for us and we\u2019re committed to working alongside the local three authorities and our partners to bring those responsible to justice while providing support for victims."
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2020
title: Bedfordshire continues in its fight to combat exploitation on National Child Exploitation Awareness Day
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/child-exploitation-day-march20
```

**Today (Wednesday) is National Child Exploitation Awareness Day and we are working alongside local authority and health partners to raise awareness of this issue and encourage people to learn how to spot the signs and to speak out if they suspect something.**

Child exploitation can affect any child and young person, regardless of their background, culture, gender, age or ethnicity.

It is a type of abuse in which children are sexually or criminally exploited for money, power or status. The offenders, who often work as part of organised crime groups, are deliberate in their actions and use sophisticated tactics. Grooming can take place in many forms both online using social media, via mobile phones, or in person.

Signs that a child or young person is being exploited include behavioural changes, alcohol and/or drug misuse, self-harm, being absent from school, going missing regularly, acting secretively, and receiving unexplained gifts or money - to name just a few.

Detective Superintendent Zara Brown, Head of the Public Protection Unit, said: "Tackling child exploitation is an absolute crucial priority for us and we're committed to working alongside the local three authorities and our partners to bring those responsible to justice while providing support for victims.

"We were the first county to launch the Home Office Child Exploitation Disruption Toolkit, which provides guidance to those working with children and young people around how to safeguard if they are already, or at risk, of being exploited, and we recently hosted a conference, which discussed the issue of online exploitation.

"The Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit was established last year, which brings together organisations including police, local government, health, community leaders and other key partners to prevent serious violence - especially among young people.

"Within the force, we have made some changes to the way we deal with child sexual exploitation and are now taking a more proactive approach in the way we tackle these offenders, when they become known to us.

"It is very important that everyone knows the signs to look out for, as this is happening in our county now."

Lisa Robinson, Exploitation Lead for Bedfordshire, said: "Child exploitation can cause lifelong emotional and physical trauma for victims and their families, so combatting and tackling this is a priority for us in Bedfordshire.

"We need to continue to work in partnership to safeguard victims, bring offenders to justice and help keep children safe from harm. We all need to work together to tackle child exploitation."

If you'd like to report suspicions around exploitation, please contact us on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

You can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

For further information, you can visit www.bedfordshireagainstcse.org or the Stop CSE website.
