```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Numerous steps towards maintaining the safety of people with dementia has led to the force being shortlisted for a national charity award.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2017
title: We are a finalist at the national Dementia Friendly Awards
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dementia-friendly-awards-2017
```

We have been shortlisted for a national charity award!

After adopting the Herbert Protocol earlier this year - which is designed to not only prevent someone with dementia, Alzheimer's disease or memory problems going missing but to improve responses for locating them if they do - we have been nominated in the Dementia Friendly Organisation of the Year (Large) category at Alzheimer's Society's Dementia Friendly Awards 2017.

This award recognises businesses and organisations including leisure, tourism, the arts, emergency services, health and social care and celebrates large-scale efforts to be more dementia friendly.

Jaki Whittred, Chief Inspector at Bedfordshire Police, said: "I am really proud of our nomination, which celebrates the variety of proactive actions Bedfordshire Police has taken to become a dementia friendly organisation.

"Our dementia champions forum has already achieved regular involvement at Bedford and Luton Dementia Action Alliances, hosted a Singing for the Brain session and Alzheimer's Society Roadshow at Police Headquarters and has raised money in various ways.

"One of our main priorities has been to launch the Herbert Protocol. What made this service unique to us and those living with dementia across Bedfordshire, is having a Dementia Support Worker from Alzheimer's Society working in our missing person team two days a week to provide further direct support to families affected.

"The overall objective is to reduce the number of people going missing from home and reduce the number of repeat occurrences so people stay safe.

"We have about 100 people living with dementia reported as missing every year across the county, in addition to people that are reported as missing more than once.

"Since the project launched we have registered over 50 people to the scheme and have conducted 15 home visits."

Dementia devastates lives. By 2021, 1 million people will be living with dementia.

Alzheimer's Society's Dementia Friendly Awards 2017 have been sponsored by British Gas. They unite communities and individuals across the UK to recognise, celebrate and promote the inspirational achievements of those making a real difference to people living with dementia.

Ayla Patton-Element, Alzheimer's Society Operations Manager in Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire, said: "I am delighted to see Bedfordshire Police shortlisted as this is evidence of the brilliant dementia friendly work going on across the county.

"There are more than 6,800 people living with dementia in Bedfordshire. The more people recognise the scale of the condition and the ways they can make a positive impact, the better people will be able to live and be supported with dementia in their community.

"Unite with Alzheimer's Society today, volunteer, donate or campaign for change."

Winners will be announced at an awards ceremony taking place in London on 29 November, where Alzheimer's Society Ambassador Angela Rippon CBE will conduct the event.

This year there are 13 awards across 10 categories, with awards for Dementia Friendly Organisation, Community, Partnership, Dementia Friends Champion, Innovation, Young person's contribution, Journalist and Inspiring Individual, as well as a brand new category to celebrate individual and group fundraiser of the year. The full list of finalists for the different categories can be found online at **alzheimers.org.uk**
