```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from our force have launched an investigation following three arrests after a violent disorder in Luton.
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2020
title: Three arrested as investigation launched into Luton disorder
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrested-investigation-disorder
```

### Detectives from our force have launched an investigation following three arrests after a violent disorder in Luton.

At around 9.30pm on Monday (28 December) police were called to reports that a group of people were involved in an altercation in Dallow Road, Luton, which left three men requiring hospital treatment.

Around 12 people were seen fighting with what were believed to be baseball bats and who then left the scene in the direction of Shirley Road and Malvern Road.

Three men have been arrested in connection with this incident and are currently in police custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Aaron Kiff, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This unfolded on a residential street and drew the attention of many residents.

"We are following up lines of enquiry and have arrested three people in connection with the incident, but there were more people involved and we would like to identify them as quickly as possible.

"If you were in the area at the time and saw anything, or have CCTV footage, or any information that could help our investigation, please get in touch with us."

Anyone with information can report, quoting reference 380 of 28 December.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
