```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A drugs warrant has been carried out by community police officers at a property in Goldington this morning (Friday) as part of a month of action in parts of Bedford that have seen the biggest increase in reported crime during the recent lockdown.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2021
title: Bedford Community Team tackle rise in crime in month of action
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackle-rise-in-crime
```

### A drugs warrant has been carried out by community police officers at a property in Goldington this morning (Friday) as part of a month of action in parts of Bedford that have seen the biggest increase in reported crime during the recent lockdown.

Targeting Queens Park, Cauldwell, Goldington, Harpur and the town centre, Bedford community officers have tackled issues ranging from drug dealing to cuckooing.

As part of the month of action the team has:

 * Executed five warrants
 * Charged two people with cultivation of cannabis
 * Arrested a further two people on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs who were released under investigation
 * Secured closure orders on three properties
 * Found two cannabis factories
 * Held a series of meeting to safeguard vulnerable people in the town

Inspector Sam Hunt, from the Bedford Community Policing team, said: "This month of action shows the type of serious crime that is buried within our communities.

"We aren't just dealing with neighbourly disputes anymore, we are tackling organised crime groups, cuckooing, exploitation, drugs, serious youth violence and much more.

"I'd like to say a huge thank you to our communities who have played a massive part in making this month of action so successful.

"We rely on residents to report suspicious incidents or concerns they may have to help build our intelligence picture of the area and help to inform our work. We want our community to know that every report matters, we are listening and we will take action."

You can report suspicious activity using _Bedfordshire Police's online reporting tool_ or call 101.

You can also fill out their _online have your say survey_ to share your concerns about your local area and inform their local patrols.

To keep up to date with the activity the team are doing you can also follow them on Facebook or Twitter

If you would like to help keep Bedfordshire safe and investigate crimes across the region, join us today.
