```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A new BBC documentary will feature a case of domestic abuse and coercive and controlling behaviour
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: Landmark Bedfordshire case features in domestic abuse documentary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/domesticabuse-documentary-skeel-feb2019
```

**An investigation which saw the first woman convicted of coercive and controlling behaviour is to feature in a new BBC documentary due to air next week.**

"Abused By My Girlfriend" tells the story of Alex Skeel, 23, from Bedford, who survived a violent and abusive relationship with his girlfriend, Jordan Worth, and features the work of the force on this shocking case, that made national headlines.

The documentary was made with our full support. It combines observational filming with both personal and police archive footage and provides a raw and uninhibited glance into what began as a teenage romance and descended into abuse and violence. Alex's case was described by the force as one of the most extreme cases of domestic violence ever dealt with.

In the film, Alex shares his shocking and thought-provoking testimony, while his family and friends also share stories of seeing him pulled away from them, powerless to stop what was happening and unaware of how bad the situation would become.

Doctors who examined Alex after Worth's arrest saw the toll that sustained multiple physical injuries and non-physical and psychological harm had taken on him. He was told he was just days away from death.

Alex said: "I believe the reason I survived to tell the tale is to help others in a similar situation.

"I stood up at the time to tell my story, to highlight that domestic abuse happens to guys as well. I am so happy that the BBC has now chosen to commission this film and to give such a public platform for the subject.

"Hopefully, this awareness will help more victims. I'm not doing it for me. Publicity for the cause is what drives me. I don't want one more person to suffer what I've gone through.

"Help is available, you will be believed."

Also featured in the film are Detective Constable Lynn Adams and Sergeant Ed Finn, both integral to the case and who worked closely with Alex to secure the conviction.

In April 2018, Worth was jailed for seven and a half years after she pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent and coercive and controlling behaviour; the first female in the UK to be convicted of such behaviour.

The documentary will be available on BBC Three via iPlayer from 10am on Monday 18th February and on BBC One on Tuesday (19 February) at 10.45pm.

If you are a victim of domestic abuse or violence, or have concerns about a person's behaviour towards you, or you fear for someone's safety, please get in touch.

Call us in confidence on 101, and remember, always call 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Visit the Bedfordshire Police website for advice about domestic abuse and details of partner agencies who can find the right help for you.
