```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a woman was assaulted in a supermarket car park.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal launched after supermarket car park assault
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-launched-after-supermarket-car-park-assault
```

### We are appealing for information after a woman was assaulted in a supermarket car park.

At around 8.30pm on Wednesday (30 September) a woman parked her black Volkswagen at the Sainsbury's store in Quantock Rise, Luton.

A man approached the car and smashed the driver's door window, before dragging the woman out and assaulting her.

The victim sustained facial injuries, but was able to drive to safety before calling police.

The offender is described as a white man, with an Irish accent and wearing rings. Detective Sergeant Ryan Barnes, from our Crime Investigation Team, said: "This was a nasty attack on a lone woman which has left her injured and badly shaken. "The incident took place in a supermarket car park, and we are hoping that witnesses will come forward. We need to piece together exactly what happened and are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"We'd especially like to speak to the driver of a white van that was parked opposite the black Volkswagen during the incident." Anyone with any information, including dash cam footage of the area around this time, is asked to contact DS Barnes by visiting our report page, quoting reference 40/53369/20. Alternatively you can report information to independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
