```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A red Vauxhall was involved in a collision in Bedford Road, Barton-le-Clay, close to the junction with Hexton Road, at around 4.20pm Friday afternoon.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2020
title: Appeal after driver dies following road traffic collision
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dies-traffic-collision-dec20
```

We are appealing for information after a man died in a road traffic collision.

A red Vauxhall was involved in a collision in Bedford Road, Barton-le-Clay, close to the junction with Hexton Road, at around 4.20pm yesterday afternoon (Friday).

The driver of the vehicle, a man in his 50s, was pronounced dead at the scene. His next of kin has been informed.

Sergeant Timothy Davies, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts go out to this man's loved ones, who have lost someone they care about just a week before Christmas.

"I would also like to thank the many members of the public who helped at the scene, including administering first aid.

"While we do not believe any other vehicles were involved, we are looking to speak to as many people as possible to establish exactly what happened in the moments leading up to the collision.

"If you were walking or driving in this area at the time and saw anything which may help our enquiries, or have any other information that could be relevant, then please get in touch.

"We would be particularly keen to hear from anyone who has CCTV or dashcam footage from the area."

Anyone with any information can contact us via the online reporting centre.

Please quote Operation Chelsea.
