```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: At around 4.15pm on Wednesday 13 May the man was walking along Church Street when he was approached by another man who tried to take his mobile phone from his pocket.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Appeal launched after man is assaulted and robbed in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-robbed-luton-may20
```

**We are appealing for information after a man was punched in the face and robbed in Luton. ****

**At around 4.15pm on Wednesday 13 May the man was walking along Church Street when he was approached by another man who tried to take his mobile phone from his pocket.

When he resisted, the offender punched him in the face, causing him to fall to the ground. The offender then took his phone, his wallet and his watch from his wrist.

The offender is described as a black man, around 5'6", between 30-40 years old, slim, with short black hair, and was wearing dark clothing.

Detective Constable Daniel Matcham, investigating, said: "The victim was understandably left shaken by this incident, which took place in broad daylight.

"The watch was of sentimental value to the victim as it was a gift. If you are offered a distinctive BOSS watch, with a brown leather strap and three winders, engraved on the back with 'Happy Retirement', we would like to hear from you.

"If anyone has information, or was in the area at the time and saw the incident, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage which could help our investigation, please get in contact."

You can contact us on 101 or visit the online reporting centre on the force website, quoting reference 40/25948/20.

You can also contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
