```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was left with serious injuries following a stabbing in Luton.
publish:
  date: 24 May 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after a stabbing in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-stabbing-luton-may20
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was left with serious injuries following a stabbing in Luton.

Officers were called at around 11.20pm last night (Saturday) to reports of a stabbing in a residential garden in Pottery Close.

The man suffered multiple stab wounds, described as serious injuries, but not thought to be life threatening.

The offenders were described as three black men, wearing balaclavas. It is believed that they were armed with machete-style knives and left the scene in a silver VW Golf and black BMW heading in the direction of Bramingham Road in Luton.

Detective Constable Mark Amey, who is investigating the case, said: "This is a very serious attack in what we believe to be a targeted and isolated incident.

"We are asking for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, saw anything suspicious around that time, or has any knowledge of the offenders and vehicles in question to come forward.

"Anyone with CCTV or dash cam footage in that area, is also asked to get in contact as it could contain valuable footage to the investigation.

"We will not tolerate knife crime in our community and we are doing all we can to find those responsible."

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting reference 469 of 23 May. Or you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
