```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Applications are now open for PCSO recruitment. Join our community teams and help tackle the issues that mean most to our residents.
publish:
  date: 24 Jun 2019
title: Join our team as a PCSO
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pcso-recruitment-campaign-june2019
```

**We are recruiting Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to bolster community policing teams across the county.**

PCSOs work in communities across Bedfordshire helping to tackle the issues most important to those communities. PCSOs get involved in long-term problem solving, working with partners and community organisations to address issues like anti-social behaviour, deliver crime prevention advice and provide visible reassurance to our communities.

They are vital in gathering intelligence and information, which in turn enables the force's community policing teams to take action against issues and offenders.

Applications are currently open, and candidates are invited to complete an online application form which must be submitted before the closing date of 14 July.

The force is looking for people with the drive to make a real difference in Bedfordshire and to people's lives. Applicants must be effective communicators with excellent interpersonal skills, and be able to work with partners to problem solve.

PCSOs undertake an initial seven week training course which is classroom based but involves practical exercises too. During this course they receive a law and legislation input that is relevant to their role. There are knowledge checks before they go on patrol.

Inspector Jim Goldsmith said: "Our PCSOs get involved in a wide variety of activities. They help gather information about issues facing our communities, and then support other teams in tackling these issues - for example, carrying out warrants, dismantling cannabis factories and dealing with unlawful encampments.

"They also patrol in hotspot areas to tackle issues like anti-social behaviour and drug dealing, and address issues of concern at community events. They are the eyes and ears of our communities.

"We are keen to recruit more dedicated individuals who want to make a real difference to people across the county, and who can work closely alongside our partners to keep Bedfordshire safe."

To apply, visit our recruitment pages.
