```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: 'Detective Superintendent Liz Mead said: "This incident put lives at risk and there is a very real chance that someone could have been killed."'
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: 'Luton drive-by shooting: three men jailed'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drive-by-shooting-jailed-mar2019
```

**Three men from Luton have been jailed for their involvement in a drive-by shooting in August last year.**

Kevin Raveendrakumar, 19, of Lamorna Close, was sentenced to three years and Fahied Ali, 18, of Linden Road, was sentenced to seven years at Luton Crown Court on Thursday, 21 February.

Reanae Charlery, 21, of St Vincent Gardens, was jailed for four years and three months today (Wednesday).

At around 6.30pm on 1 August 2018, our Force Contact Centre received a number of calls reporting disorder in Hockwell Ring, including that shots had been fired and a car was chasing someone on a bicycle.

It later transpired that a Skoda Fabia had pulled up alongside Charlery, who was on a bicycle. He was chased by someone who had got out of the car, reportedly with a knife.

Having got away, a few minutes later the same Skoda Fabia drove past Charlery, now outside a house in Hockwell Ring, with the passenger window open. Two shots were fired from the vehicle, with plumes of smoke seen coming from it on CCTV.

Charlery then produced a gun and pointed it at the passing car, but it wasn't fired.

One of the callers reporting the incident gave a partial registration number of the car involved, which was then put through police systems. The car was found to have been approximately 1.2km from where Charlerey was chased, around 30 minutes before police received reports of disorder.

An image of the car was circulated among our officers, where the driver and front seat passenger were clearly visible. An officer was able to identify the driver as Raveendrakumar, and the passenger as Ali.

Officers were despatched to search the area, and when the car was seen at Raveendrakumar's home address, he was arrested. Ali was also arrested.

CCTV enquiries were also able to positively identify Charlery. He was captured on CCTV outside the parade of shops in Hockwell Ring just prior to the initial reports of disorder and identified by one of our PCSOs.

Taking into account his direction of travel, officers were able to match his clothing to that of the man brandishing the firearm in Hockwell Ring shortly afterwards.

Detective Superintendent Liz Mead said: "Charlery, Raveendrakumar and Ali appeared to be involved in a dispute, with Charlery being in an opposing gang to Raveendrakumar and Ali.

"With this incident taking place in broad daylight, these three individuals clearly had no regard for the safety of the public, which is incredibly concerning.

"The force's Boson team, who investigated this incident, is dedicated to tackling gang and gun criminality, and will continue to tackle those involved in this style of offending. We will work as hard as we can to stop people who use fear and intimidation in our communities.

"This incident was seemingly planned, with guns being carried to either be used as intimidation or to cause serious harm. Carrying a gun is not a game - these are dangerous weapons. This incident put lives at risk and there is a very real chance that someone could have been killed.

"Unlike a stabbing, you do not need to use force to fire a gun. It's something you can do from afar without engaging with your victim at all. But you are still very much involved; if someone loses their life because you pulled the trigger, you are wholly responsible and will bear that burden for the rest of your life."

Raveendrakumar was found guilty of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm and violent disorder at a trial in February. He was found not guilty of possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence.

He was sentenced to three years imprisonment for conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm, and 18 months for violent disorder, to run concurrently to the three year sentence.

Ali pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence, conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm and violent disorder.

He was sentenced to a total of seven years imprisonment: five years and six months for conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm; three years for possession of a firearm; 18 months for violent disorder, and nine months for possession of a bladed article, to run concurrently.

He was also sentenced to 18 months for a separate incident, a robbery where he held a knife to the victim's neck, which will run consecutively to the sentence he received for conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm.

Charlery pleaded guilty to possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, for which he was sentenced to 15 months in prison.

He was also found guilty of drug supply offences and sentenced to three years in prison, which will run consecutively. His total sentence is therefore four years and three months.
