```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: 'Bedfordshire Police Chief Constable Garry Forsyth was the guest of honour at a

    recent art exhibition to tackle issues around knife crime, hosted and coordinated by

    Att10tive Social Enterprise.'
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2020
title: Chief Constable is guest of honour at Stop & Think exhibition
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stop-think-enterprise-mar20
```

Held on 14 March in Luton, the award winning social action organisation coordinated youth groups, community groups colleges and schools to raise awareness of both the problems and the solutions to knife crime.

Att10tive worked with Icknield High School, the University of Bedfordshire, BarnfieldCollege, Luton Sixth Form College, The Link Community Group and Sundon ParkArts to produce the art exhibition about gangs and knife crime.

The High Sheriff of Bedfordshire was also in attendance and awarded the Stop &amp;Think exhibition with a national crime beat award and a High Sheriff's award.

The exhibition, sponsored by Near Neighbours, Bedfordshire Police and CrimeCommissioner, Kathryn Holloway and Montell Neufville, Director of Att10ive, was aninterpretation by Luton creatives to highlight both the problems and the solutions topeople becoming involved in gangs and knife crime.

Before the event, Att10ive delivered workshops to schools and community groupsacross the county.

Montell Neufville, the director of Att10tive, said: "There was so much fantastic art,some of which you can see from the pictures, and was highly commended by thosewho attended the event. This has been a wonderful effort from such a diverse rangeof people who are interested in art in all its forms.

"Bedfordshire Police Chief Constable, Garry Forsyth said "It was a pleasure to attend this superb event.

"Tackling knife crime is a priority for the force and we will continue to work hard to reduce the number of people who carry knives. However, reducing knife crime is the responsibility of everyone across society; policing alone cannot solve the problem.

"By working with schools, partners and our communities I hope we can show them the consequences of carrying a knife - whether that's a prison sentence, or becoming a victim of crime yourself - so the broader community can understand its impact, get involved, and help us deal with this national problem."
