```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A community policing team, working in partnership to set community priorities, has engaged with a primary school to raise awareness of speeding on local roads.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2018
title: School campaign competition raises speeding awareness
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/school-competition-june2018
```

**A community policing team, working in partnership to set community priorities, has engaged with a primary school to raise awareness of speeding on local roads.**

PCSO Emma Muggridge, PCSO Claire Hughes, PC Charlie Crozier and PC Harriet Nisbet are part of the Community Policing Team that covers Bedford and Kempston, and are the points of contact for the Brickhill, Harpur and De Parys wards.

Once every three months, the team meets with local councillors and Neighbourhood Watch coordinators to set community priorities for each of the areas they look after. This is done through partnership working at engagement events, and through community surveys.

This quarter, it was jointly agreed the priority would be speeding, and that it would be tackled with a mixture of community engagement and enforcement days.

One aspect of this community engagement was with Edith Cavell Primary School, in the form of a speeding awareness poster competition. The school is situated on Turner Way, which leads onto Gainsborough Rise. Two roads that have been identified as speeding hotspots, and which are being tackled as a priority.

PCSO Emma Muggridge said "The theme of the competition was "slow your speed", and the brief to the school pupils was to design a poster or sign to promote this.

"Getting the children involved as much as possible is very important, as their safety comes first.

"The children really embraced the spirit of the campaign and had a lot of fun producing such eye-catching posters."

Winners were chosen from age groups four to six and seven to nine years of age, and the winning designs were printed by Bedford Borough Council, and then put up on the hotspot roads.

Prizes were also donated from Waterstones, and from Gallone's Ice Cream Parlour.
