```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was stabbed in Bedford.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following Tavistock Street stabbing
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-tavistock-street-stabbing-mar20
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was stabbed in Bedford.

At approximately 5.20pm on Tuesday (10 March), police were called to reports that a 16-year-old boy had been stabbed in Tavistock Street during an altercation with three men.

Emergency services attended and the teenager was taken to hospital with injuries which are believed to be serious, but not life threatening.

One offender has been described as a slim black man in his early 20s. He was wearing a black hoodie with grey tracksuit bottoms, carrying what is believed to be a large, bladed weapon, possibly a machete.

The two others are both described as black men wearing tracksuits. One of them was carrying a knife.

All three left the scene on foot in the direction of Robinson Pool.

Detective Sergeant Rachael Foy, investigating, said: "This incident happened in the middle of the afternoon in a busy area where there were a lot of people around.

"We are appealing to anyone who has any information, or who was in the area at the time, to get in touch with us.

"We will not tolerate knife crime and are doing all we can to piece together the events leading up to this attack and find the person/persons responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to call DS Foy on 101 quoting reference number 373 of 10 March.

You can also give information online by visiting www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report or by calling independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
