```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire\u2019s frontline agencies have joined together to congratulate veteran fundraiser Captain Tom Moore on celebrating his 100th birthday."
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2020
title: "Bedfordshire\u2019s frontline agencies congratulate Captain Tom on his 100th birthday"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/congratulate-captain-tom-apr20
```

**Bedfordshire 's frontline agencies have joined together to congratulate veteran fundraiser Captain Tom Moore on celebrating his 100th birthday.**

The Marston Moretaine resident has risen to fame after raising almost £30 million through his sponsored walk for NHS charities.

His newfound celebrity status has rocketed the former Army captain into public consciousness, with tens of thousands of people sending him birthday cards to congratulate him on becoming centenarian.

Today (Thursday), Bedfordshire Police provided a small policing presence during the day in order to ensure the security of both Captain Tom and his home, and the safety of the wider public on a day of great celebration for all.

Officers were proud to support him and celebrate his birthday from a distance, while ensuring that members of the community where he lives were also adhering to the government measures - and thankfully the celebrations passed off safely and peacefully.

Members of the Bedfordshire Local Resilience Forum (BLRF) came together to support the Captain, who on his birthday was also bestowed the title of honorary Colonel. Birthday cards were sent jointly from BLRF agencies, including local authorities, as well as from the county's blue light services.

Police and Crime Commissioner Kathryn Holloway wrote in the card: "Captain Tom, you have been a huge inspiration to my whole family who have been supporting your fund from the beginning and talking to one another about your amazing achievement, even though we are all separated; you have brought us, the county of Bedfordshire and the country together.

"Your own character and humour have shone through and I cannot thank you enough."

Chief Constable Garry Forsyth, who had the pleasure of meeting Captain Tom when he surpassed his fundraising target, said: "Captain Tom is a beacon of the Bedfordshire community and no-one can quite believe the staggering amounts his story has inspired people to donate for our frontline colleagues in the NHS. He is a true hero.

"We are proud to support him and celebrate his birthday from a distance, and would appreciate the public's support in adhering to the government guidance by marking this special occasion from home or using social media. This also goes for the weekly thanking of our NHS colleagues by clapping from your doorstep - a new tradition made all the more poignant today following the Captain's legendary fundraising milestone.

"Happy 100th birthday to our true local and national hero, Captain Tom."

Muriel Scott, Director of Public Health in Bedfordshire, wrote on behalf of the Bedfordshire Local Resilience Forum (BLRF): "We have all watched your fundraising achievement grow and are so grateful for what you have achieved and the joy you have brought to so many who have watched your endeavour.

"Congratulations on reaching your 100th birthday. Wishing you a very happy and memorable day."

Chief Fire Officer Paul Fuller also added: "Congratulations - have a very happy birthday from everyone at the Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue service. Thank you for your inspiration!"

The cards can be viewed on Bedfordshire Police's social media channels or via the hashtag #CaptainTom100.
