```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been arrested and a property closed after a police-led operation targeting a suspected organised crime group, believed to be running a brothel.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: One arrest and property closed after warrant targeting sex industry
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-closure-sex-industry-sep2019
```

**A woman has been arrested and a property closed after a police-led operation targeting a suspected organised crime group, believed to be running a brothel.**

Two properties in Frederick Street, Luton were subject to emergency warrants on Wednesday (18 September).

Inside one of the addresses, officers discovered evidence suggesting it was being used as a brothel, as well as a small amount of what are believed to be Class A drugs.

A woman in her 20s was arrested, and later released on conditional bail, on suspicion of keeping a brothel used for prostitution, as well as on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs.

On Thursday (19 September) magistrates granted us a three-month closure order on one of the addresses.

A further hearing to secure a closure order on the other property is due to take place next week.

Officers will now be carrying out a wider investigation into a suspected organised crime group behind the brothel.

The operation comes in the same week that police forces across the UK are undertaking coordinated activity to identify and safeguard victims of human trafficking who are being forced into sex work, and to arrest their traffickers.

Nationally, between July 2018 and July 2019, 230 cases of sexual exploitation were recorded by the Modern Slavery Helpline, indicating 506 potential victims.

Inspector Jim Goldsmith, from the Luton community policing team, said: "Human traffickers exploit victims in the sex industry because the demand for sexual services means they can generate vast criminal profits.

"Unlike drugs or firearms, which are only bought or sold once, a victim being exploited in this way represents a continuous source of income for criminals.

"Those paying for sex need to think about whether they are engaging a trafficked victim. Paying for sex with someone who has been trafficked is a criminal offence; regardless of whether the person paying knows that the other person has been trafficked.

"Law enforcement's focus is on reducing vulnerability, protecting victims and targeting those who exploit or cause harm.

"These initial warrants will be just the start of our investigation, and we are determined to shut down those behind this exploitative and immoral industry."

Anyone who is concerned that someone may be a victim of trafficking, or has information about trafficking, should report it to Bedfordshire Police on 101 or confidentially to the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700. In an emergency, always call 999.
