```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police has apologised to the family of Leon Briggs after an inquest jury identified a number of significant failings by police which contributed to his death.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: Leon Briggs inquest concludes
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/briggs-inquest-statement-mar21
```

**Bedfordshire Police has apologised to the family of Leon Briggs after an inquest jury identified a number of significant failings by police which contributed to his death.**

Mr Briggs was detained under the Mental Health Act in Luton on the afternoon of 4 November 2013 and taken to Luton Police Station. He was subsequently taken to Luton & Dunstable Hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead a short while later.

Deputy Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst said: "The family and friends of Leon Briggs have had to wait far too long to hear all the facts surrounding his death and our thoughts are of course with them at this very difficult time.

"The jury has today identified a number of significant failings by the police which contributed to the death of Mr Briggs and for this we are truly sorry.

"This inquest focused on a period of 36 minutes as we responded to public concerns for Mr Briggs who was suffering a drug-induced psychosis triggered by amphetamine levels described by one expert as being 'off the scale'.

"Unbeknown to officers he also had a serious underlying heart condition. There is no easy way of managing such a situation.

"The attending officers chose to restrain him so he could be taken to a police custody suite where he could be assessed.

"By the time it became apparent that he was a medical emergency it was too late to save him, despite their concerted efforts.

"We've made extensive changes since 2013 but we remain absolutely committed to working with the coroner and all of our partners in order to identify and make any necessary further improvements."

You can watch a video statement from DCC Rodenhurst below, and read more about the case here.
