```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to three years in prison for dangerously driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Bedford man jailed for dangerous driving
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-driving-conviction-march21
```

A man has been sentenced to three years in prison for dangerously driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs.

Ion Grosu, 28, of Foster Hill Road, Bedford, was sentenced on Monday (8 March) at Luton Crown Court, after pleading guilty to two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, one count of giving a false statement, and one count of driving under the influence.

On 16 September at around 5am, officers were called to Ampthill Road following a road traffic collision, where the vehicle Grosu was driving had mounted a kerb, collided with a barrier and fell into a car park.

Two people were taken to hospital with serious injuries.

Grosu gave a positive roadside breath test for alcohol and tested positive for cocaine at the scene.

The judge stated that this was a deliberate disregard for the speed limit and danger to others and one of the most serious examples of a case like this she has seen.

Detective Sergeant James Thorne from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "I am pleased Grosu will spend time behind bars as he will not be able to place other road users at risk of injury, and hopefully he will use this time to reflect on his actions.

"Grosu had an excessive amount of alcohol and cocaine in his system, and coupled with his manner of driving, it is fortunate that no one was killed. For those people who believe it's acceptable to drive whilst under the influence of drink and drugs, think again, this sentence should serve as a stark reminder.

"Drink and drug driving remains one of the highest contributory factors in fatal collisions throughout the country. If you know someone who is driving whilst under the influence, I implore you to notify the police."

### Ion Grosu

If you would like to work with people who solve cases like this and help make Bedfordshire a safer place visit our Join us page.
