```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire Police is supporting a national knife crime initiative.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Force supporting knife crime initiative
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-sceptre-october-2017
```

Bedfordshire Police is supporting a national knife crime initiative. The week-long campaign aims to clamp down on knife crime, and encourage people to think twice before carrying a knife.

Operation Sceptre starts today (Monday 23 October), and is backed by a number of forces across the country.

Today, the first day of the operation, officers and PCSOs will be holding community engagement events in hotspot areas. They will be speaking to the public about the dangers of carrying a knife, and encouraging them to report any information about knife crime in their area.

In the following days, officers will be carrying out high visibility patrols, and weapons sweeps to look for knives which may have been discarded, or hidden for future use.

Superintendent Juliette Everett, the force's lead for knife crime, said: "Tackling knife crime is a priority, and we will continue to work hard to reduce the number of people who carry knives. Operation Sceptre provides a chance for us to work together with other forces across the country to tackle knife crime, and show that we take it seriously.

"It's also really important for anyone who knows someone carrying a knife, or anyone who has suspicions about activity in their area, to report it via 101. We do listen to intelligence from the community, which has previously helped us secure closure orders at properties being used as drugs dens or brothels. We aren't able to attend every incident that is reported to us, but every call that comes to us is recorded as intelligence and used to tackle this crime."

As well as encouraging people to bin the blade, the force is also working to raise awareness of the consequences of knife crime, particularly amongst young people.

Supt Everett added: "We continue to work closely with schools on the issue of knife crime and violence between young people. It's important we educate them on the consequences and the dangers of carrying a knife, in an effort to deter them from ending up on dangerous path."

Operation Sceptre runs until Friday 27 October.

To report concerns about knife crime call police on 101, or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
