```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery of two 17-year-olds by a large group of teenagers in Leighton Buzzard.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2020
title: Attempted robbery by large group of youths in Leighton Buzzard
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-youths-leighton-buzzard-feb20
```

We are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery of two 17-year-olds by a large group of teenagers in Leighton Buzzard.

The incident took place on Saturday (22 February), in Brooklands Drive, at around 9.10pm. The two victims were waiting for a friend outside the Co-op shop when a group of around ten to 15 teenage boys approached them and demanded they empty their pockets.

When they refused one of the victims was punched in the face three times. The other victim tried to get away but was dragged back and punched to the back of his head and was then knocked over by one of the teenagers on a bike. Eventually a resident scared the group away.

All the offenders were described as wearing dark clothing, with hoodies and some wore facial coverings and were believed to have Irish accents. Two or three of them were also on pedal cycles.

Detective Sergeant Ryan Barnes said: "This was clearly a terrifying ordeal for the young victims involved. We urge anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward, as we will not tolerate youths terrorising others. It was a busy Saturday evening in Leighton Buzzard and there must have been someone who saw something."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us on 101, or online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report, quoting reference number 40/11227/20. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
