```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2019
title: 'Appeal: two robberies on Kempston Road in two days'
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kempston-road-robberies-feb19
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after two robberies in two days on the same street.**

On Saturday (16 February), just after 2pm, a teenager was robbed on Kempston Road when he was at the bus shelter outside Bedford hospital.

He was with his friends when he was approached by a man who told him to empty his pockets. The offender took the victim's phone, and threatened the victim when he tried to get his phone back.

The offender is described as black, around 17 or 18 years old and around 5' 9". He had brown eyes, and some facial hair on his top lip and on his chin. He was wearing a black puffa jacket with the hood up, a white t-shirt, black tracksuit bottoms and white trainers.

The reference number for this incident is 40/9604/19.

On Sunday (17 February), a second teenager had his bike stolen as he walked along Kempston Road.

At around 5pm, the victim was walking with a friend when they were approached by a man who asked if he could have a go on the victim's bike. The victim handed over the bike because he was scared, and he and his friend followed the man as he rode it into an alley.

The offender then told the victim and his friend to empty their pockets, threatening them. They were able to get away.

In this case the offender is described as black, in his mid-20's, around 5' 7". He's described as wearing a black jacket with a fur trimmed hood, black tracksuit bottoms and black trainers.

The bike that was taken is a black Carrera Vengeance. The reference number for this incident is 40/9829/19.

PC Ben Chance, investigating, said: "Both incidents happened in broad daylight near a busy road, and in both cases teenagers have been targeted whilst out with their friends. This is clearly unacceptable, and we are keen to find who is responsible. Therefore, if you were in the area on either day and remember seeing anything untoward, please get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101, or report information online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
