```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 15 months yesterday (Thursday) after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: "Bus driver jailed for causing woman\u2019s death by dangerous driving"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/driver-jailed-death-driving
```

### A man has been jailed for 15 months yesterday (Thursday) after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.

Paul Udris, 62, of Harewood Road, Bedford was sentenced in relation to a road traffic incident in 2017, in Bedford, which caused the death of a 54-year-old woman.

At around 11.45am on 18 December, Udris was driving a bus and failed to stop at a pedestrian crossing when the traffic lights changed to red.

Shama Kalyan, of Cosmic Avenue, Bedford, was crossing the road and was struck by Udris' vehicle at 19mph.

Emergency services attended the scene, and Mrs Kalyan was taken to hospital, but succumbed to her injuries on 14 January 2018.

The court was told how Udris had failed to react to the traffic signal change in time.

PC Neil Crosier from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Udris was employed as a professional bus driver, and should have been aware of the hazards on a route with which he was familiar.

"Our thoughts are with Mrs Kalyan's family who have been supportive of our investigation throughout this long process. I would like to thank them for their dignity, and hope this verdict allows them to have some sense of justice."

At Luton Crown Court yesterday, Udris was also banned from driving for ten years following his prison term, and will have to undergo an extended retest.
