```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We have arrested two people as part of the Safer Streets project tackling issues such as theft, exploitation of sex workers and anti-social behaviour in the High Town area of Luton.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Police continue to clampdown on criminality as part of High Town partnership project
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/high-town-partnership-project-dec20
```

**We have arrested two people as part of the Safer Streets project tackling issues such as theft, exploitation of sex workers and anti-social behaviour in the High Town area of Luton.**

Following a weekend of action, police have arrested two people; one person on suspicion of bicycle theft and one person wanted for failing to appear at court. Officers also conducted nine stop searches, which found two people to be in possession of drugs, secured twelve intelligence reports and issued a number of warnings for drugs possession and soliciting offences.

Sergeant Sarah Hudson, from the Luton Community Policing team, said: "High Town is home to lots of people with many successful businesses and it's important that our community know that we are dedicated to tackling these issues that have such an impact on their everyday lives.

"We will continue to work with our partners targeting issues to reduce criminality in High Town and make people proud to live there."

The focus on the area and increased officer presence has led to an increase in crime recorded and a better understanding of the issues residents have to help partners develop long-term solutions.

The Luton Community Policing team is working together with Luton Borough Council, the Bedfordshire Police Crime Commissioner's (PCC) office and other partners on the Safer Streets Project, funded by the Home Office to tackle burglary, theft and other issues such as anti-social behaviour.

Officers have been out with Luton Borough Council and Neighbourhood Watch to talk to residents and businesses in High Town about the Home Office funding and how they are improving the local area.

The project will focus on upgrading street lighting, adding additional CCTV in key areas and creating a Neighbourhood Watch Scheme.

If you are interested in being a part of the Neighbourhood Watch Scheme in High Town, please follow the below steps:

1\. Visit www.ourwatch.org.uk

2\. Follow the onscreen instructions by entering your postcode

3\. Complete the online application selecting HightownLNWSSF

If you are experiencing any issues in your area you can report these via the online reporting tool or by calling 101.

To find out more about the project and how you can be involved please email SSFcoordinator@Luton.gov.uk
