```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Partner organisations have welcomed a report which rated Bedfordshire Police as \u2018Good\u2019 at keeping people safe."
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2020
title: Partners welcome Bedfordshire Police's 'Good' grading by HMICFRS
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/partners-grading-hmicfrs-jan20
```

Partner organisations have welcomed a report which rated Bedfordshire Police as 'Good' at keeping people safe.

Police watchdog Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) gave Bedfordshire Police an overall grade of 'Good' for police Effectiveness, Efficiency and Legitimacy on Friday (7 February), acknowledging the pace of improvement and quality of delivery in a force which it had previously graded as 'Inadequate' in 2016 and as 'Requires Improvement' in 2017.

Inspectors praised multiple areas of partnership working in the report, including:

 * The mental health street triage
 * The shared use of Safetynet in community policing
 * Information sharing with a range of organisations including in the recent drug market profile assessment
 * Early interventions through Amber - a project between the force and Luton Youth Offending Service
 * Managing high risk offenders, victims and locations
 * Safeguarding victims of domestic abuse
 * Developing collaboration opportunities such as with Bedfordshire Fire & Rescue Service

Partners welcomed the findings and have committed to continuing working closely with the force.

Cllr Ian Dalgarno, Executive Member for Community Services at Central Bedfordshire Council, said: "This is great news, not only is it recognition for all the hard work the police have put in to improve, but it is also great news for our communities. Blue light services, particularly the police, are so important to helping keep our residents safe."

Leader of Luton Council, Cllr Hazel Simmons said: "This is a really positive result which ultimately means that Luton residents can be confident that Bedfordshire Police are keeping them safe.

"This judgment is a reflection of the great work, dedication and commitment of the force to be able to make huge improvements across a number areas, despite resources being very stretched.

"Bedfordshire Police is one of our most important partners and they do so much positive work to fight crime, build trust and provide reassurance to our communities, and I am very pleased that this has been reflected in this report. We look forward to continuing our work with them to build on this success."

Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue's Chief Fire Officer Paul Fuller said: "It is a great tribute to everyone in Bedfordshire Police that the community values its contribution and the outcomes have been recognised by HMICFRS.

It is also encouraging to see the hard work and dedication to strengthening our ongoing partnership has been acknowledged in the results of this HMICFRS report. "As ever, we will continue to support and collaborate with our blue light partner to maximise efficiency, reduce costs and aim to deliver the best public service for our communities in Bedfordshire."

Read more about Bedfordshire Police's HMICFRS report here.
