```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A witness appeal has been launched following a suspected arson at Bedford Hospital yesterday.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2019
title: Witness appeal after suspected arson at Bedford Hospital
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-arson-bedford-jan2019
```

**We are appealing for witnesses following a suspected arson at Bedford Hospital yesterday evening (Thursday).**

At around 7.15pm, emergency services attended the hospital's North Wing on Kimbolton Road following reports of a fire at a derelict building on the site.

Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service units remain at the scene and are continuing to work to make the area safe. The fire did not spread to neighbouring hospital buildings and it is not thought that anyone was injured.

Initial enquiries undertaken by our officers, alongside colleagues from the fire service, have indicated that the fire may have been started intentionally.

Superintendent Jim Lunn said: "We take all reports of arson very seriously, particularly as the fire was so close to operational hospital buildings, and we are continuing to investigate the circumstances of this incident. At the moment we are treating this as deliberate.

"We are keen to find out why this happened and who is responsible, so I'd urge anyone who has information to come forward."

Members of the emergency services are likely to remain at the scene today (Friday) while enquiries continue, and we will have officers undertaking patrols throughout the day to reassure local residents.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 or visit our online reporting centre quoting incident 339 of Thursday.
