```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A number of areas from across the town are being invited to bid for funding from the Bid4Better Participatory Budgeting scheme.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2020
title: Can you help tackle serious youth violence in Bedford?
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackle-violence-bedford-dec20
```

**We are looking for local community projects within Bedford to help address issues surrounding serious youth violence.**

A number of areas from across the town are being invited to bid for funding from the Bid4Better Participatory Budgeting scheme, a decision-making tool where the community in a particular area get to decide where part of a public budget should be spent to combat an issue.

The scheme is looking for community projects which are tackling serious youth violence to be involved in a virtual event. They will have a chance of securing funding of up to £15,000 we have donated, with the winning scheme voted for by the local community.

Bid4Better are also looking for people to join the event's planning group, for those who are not part of a community project but would still like to be involved.

 * Watch an ITV Anglia report on one the projects previously funded by the scheme

Communities in Kempston, the town centre, Kingsbrook, Cauldwell, Harpur, Putnoe, Goldington, Newnham, Brickhill, DeParys, Queens Park or Castle in Bedford are all being encouraged to take part.

The virtual voting event will take place next year and will give individuals living in these communities the opportunity to vote for the project they think will have the most impact.

Sergeant Emma Underwood, from the Bedford community policing team, said: "This is a great opportunity for residents to get involved in an event that will really make a difference to their local community.

"Whether you are part of a community group that helps to tackle youth violence issues or want to be involved by joining the planning group, we want to hear from you and to get involved in whatever way you can.

"This is the second time we have been able to support such a fantastic event and we want to encourage as many people as possible, of all ages and backgrounds, to join us on this journey and utilise the skills across our fantastic community."

To register your community project or to be involved in the planning group please email bid4better@gmail.com by Monday 4 January 2021.

For more information on participatory budgeting visit the pb network website.

You can also follow and like the Bid4Better ** **Facebook page and Instagram account for more information.

Tackling serious youth violence is a priority for us and last year there was a nine per cent decrease in incidents of serious youth violence in the county, which equates to 200 fewer victims.

For more information or support about getting out of a gang, please visit the Bedfordshire Violence and Exploitation Reduction Unit's website.
