```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A tribute has been paid to a man who died in a road traffic collision on the A1081, between Harpenden and Luton.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Tribute paid to Luton man killed in road traffic collision
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-luton-man-collision-nov18
```

**A tribute has been paid to a man who died in a road traffic collision on the A1081, between Harpenden and Luton, on Sunday (18 November).**

Michael McMahon, 28, of Ella Court, Luton, was killed in the single-vehicle collision near the junction with Newlands Road, at around 11:45pm.

Mr McMahon was a passenger in a black BMW when it left the carriageway and collided with roadside trees and shrubs.

Emergency services attended the scene, but Mr McMahon was sadly pronounced dead.

His family, who knew him as Mikey, paid tribute today and said: "It is so sad to lose a life so young. Mikey was a much loved son, brother, nephew, grandson, cousin, uncle and stepson.

"He was a vibrant, fun-loving character with a great sense of humour. He had the world at his feet, with plans to start a new career in teaching after Christmas.

"Mikey will never be forgotten and will always remain in our hearts. He will be sorely missed by everyone who knew him."

Officers are continuing to appeal for information in relation to the collision. Anyone with information is asked to call 101 or visit our online reporting centre, quoting reference 407 of 18 November.

Police are especially keen to hear from drivers who may have dashcam footage of the area at the time, which may provide vital information for our investigation.
