```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was injured in Luton on Monday (21 January).
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2019
title: Witness appeal after teenager was injured
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-shots-luton-jan19
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was injured in Luton on Monday (21 January).**

Officers were called just before 4.40pm to a report that a 17-year-old boy had sustained what are believed to be gunshot wounds following an incident in an alleyway close to Ravenhill Way and Holkham Close in the Lewsey Farm area between 4pm and 4:30pm.

His injuries are not life threatening.

The force's Boson team, dedicated to tackling gun and gang criminality, are investigating.

Detective Inspector Aaron Kiff said: "We understand that our communities may be concerned about this incident.

"We don't believe there is any threat to members of the wider public, but in response we are running extra proactive and high-visibility patrols in the area which I hope will help reassure our communities.

"Our investigation is ongoing, and as part of that we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident, and may have seen anything. We are also looking to trace a black car that was seen in the area at the time, which we believe may be connected to the incident.

"We take reports of incidents involving firearms incredibly seriously and are committed to apprehending those responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to either use the force's online reporting centre, call 101 and quote crime number 272 of 21 January, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

In an emergency always call 999.
