```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Four people suspected of being involved in human trafficking have been hit with civil court orders
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Force makes first use of powers to tackle human trafficking
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/powers-tackle-trafficking-aug19
```

**Four people suspected of being involved in human trafficking have been hit with civil court orders as Bedfordshire Police made use of innovative legislation for the first time.**

The force successfully applied for the slavery and trafficking risk orders at court yesterday (Wednesday).

The orders place certain restrictions on four people to discourage and disrupt them from committing human trafficking offences.

The restrictions include measures preventing the recipient from travelling abroad without first notifying police and from booking travel for anyone other than immediate family members. In addition, they must maintain their current address and bank details.

Slavery and trafficking risk orders are part of the Modern Slavery Act and can be applied if the court is satisfied that there is a risk the defendant will commit a slavery or human trafficking offence.

Detective Constable Gareth Jones said: "These risk orders are effective powers in our arsenal to disrupt those suspected of being involved in organised crime.

"They give law enforcement more teeth in terms of preventing human trafficking from taking place, while we investigate a potential criminal case in greater detail.

"We know that modern slavery, human trafficking and exploitation through organised crime is happening right here on the streets of Bedfordshire.

"We are doing all we can to bring those responsible to justice and protect those at risk, but it is vital that the public are aware of these horrendous crimes and can help us tackle them, by spotting the signs and reporting concerns."

Anyone with any information about suspected modern slavery can report it to us via 101, or contact us through the online reporting centre on our website.

You can also contact the Modern Slavery Helpline confidentially on 08000 121 700.
