```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Dunstable has been jailed for more than six years at Luton Crown Court on Friday (23 October), for possession of firearms, ammunition and drug offences.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Dunstable man jailed for more than six years for firearms and drugs offences
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dunstable-man-jailed-for-more-than-six-years-for-firearms-and-drugs-offences
```

### A man from Dunstable has been jailed for more than six years at Luton Crown Court on Friday (23 October), for possession of firearms, ammunition and drug offences.

Anthony Dennison, 38, of Northfields in Dunstable, pleaded guilty to multiple firearms offences at a hearing in September.

On 31 July, police carried out a warrant at Dennison's address on suspicion it was being used for drug dealing.

During the search, officers discovered multiple guns, knives, tasers, and even a samurai sword and nun-chucks.

Further search uncovered cannabis cultivation in the loft space and a large amount of cannabis.

Dennison pleaded guilty to eight charges relating to possession of weapons and two counts of drug offences.

He was sentenced to six years and eight months imprisonment.

PC Sophie Singleton-Sells, who investigated, said: "The sheer number of weapons found at his home was uncanny, and we are satisfied with the court result and the length of the prison sentence imposed on Dennison.

"Initially Dennison attempted to deny any responsibility, and claimed that he came into possession of the weapons accidentally.

"Eventually he decided to admit to his wrongdoing and pleaded guilty to numerous weapon related charges."

Anyone with information about criminality in their local area can report their concerns to the police by visiting the force's online reporting centre or by calling 101.

Alternatively your concerns can be reported anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not, and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit signpost for bedfordshire for further information.
