```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: The operation was part of ongoing efforts to clamp down on the smuggling of drugs and other illegal items into prison.
publish:
  date: 3 Apr 2019
title: Drugs dogs search all visitors to Luton Crown Court
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dogs-search-luton-court-apr2019
```

**Court users and other visitors to Luton Crown Court have all been searched by drugs dogs as part of a multi-agency operation.
**

Everyone entering the court on Wednesday (3 April) was searched by specialist search dogs supplied by HM Prison Service.

The operation was part of ongoing efforts to clamp down on the smuggling of drugs and other illegal items into prison.

More than 100 staff and visitors were searched throughout the day. The searches were supported by HM Prison Service staff, Serco and ourselves, as well as HM Courts and Tribunals Service and the judiciary.

The searches by the dogs found no one to be carrying any illegal items. Similar operations will be run at the court over the coming weeks and months.

PC Chris Hawkes, our Luton Crown Court liaison officer, said: "We know that criminals are creative and brazen when it comes to getting contraband into prison.

"The operation sends a strong message that we will pool our efforts and resources to stop these illegal items being smuggled into those already behind bars.

"I was delighted to have support from all the agencies involved in securing the prison, and we will continue to run similar operations to ensure this sort of criminal activity has no place in our courts."

Chris Hodkinson, Serco contract director for prisoner escorting and custody, added: "We are delighted to work with the prison service and the police to support their efforts to stamp down on the smuggling of drugs and other illegal items into prisons.

"Serco takes a zero tolerance approach to anyone found attempting to smuggle contraband and in recent months we have helped make several successful arrests and prosecutions at the jails we manage for the prison service."
