```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "Bedfordshire Police\u2019s Luton Community team was in Hancock Drive, Luton, for community engagement event at the weekend aiming to educate and target nuisance and off-road bikers."
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2017
title: Operation Meteor engagement day in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-meteor-luton
```

**Bedfordshire Police 's Luton Community team was in Hancock Drive, Luton, for community engagement event at the weekend aiming to educate and target nuisance and off-road bikers.**

On Sunday (8 October) between 2pm and 3.30pm officers engaged with residents who could stop by and talk about issues in their neighbourhoods. Op Meteor is Bedfordshire Police's initiative which targets nuisance bikers and quad drivers, anti-social behaviour which is not only intimidating but also very dangerous.

The force is dedicated to tackling this activity and urges the residents to come forward and report it, as information from communities is the key to identifying and apprehending the offenders.

Luton community Sergeant Samantha Hunt said: "We will continue to hold events like this for our residents as we believe our communities should have an opportunity to speak about their concerns directly with their officers. Additionally it gives us a chance to talk to the people about what we are doing to protect them from this kind of behaviour.

"Anti-social and off-road biking is an on-going issue in the county. We are continuing to crack down on the perpetrators and seize the vehicles used in an anti-social manner. It is important for the residents to come forward with information about the bikers as it helps us in building better picture of the issues in the area."

If you witness this kind of behaviour or know someone who is using their vehicle in anti-social or dangerous way please report it to Bedfordshire Police on 101. You can also report the issue through the Live Web Chat. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
