```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a series of break-ins at schools in Houghton Regis.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2018
title: Appeal after school break-ins in Houghton Regis
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-school-breakins-houghton-regis-july2018
```

**We are appealing for witnesses after a series of break-ins at schools in Houghton Regis.**

Offenders have gained entry to Tithe Farm Primary School, in Tithe Farm Road, on four separate occasions between Wednesday, 27 June and Friday, 6 July.

The first break-in occurred at around 1am on Wednesday, 27 June. Three males were seen running from the scene towards Hillborough Crescent. They were wearing hoodies and rucksacks and believed to be in their teens or early 20s.

Offenders gained entry to the school again just after 9pm on Thursday, 28 June. During both these break-ins, a number of small electrical items such as laptops and iPads were stolen.

Two further break-ins took place on Wednesday, 4 July at around 9.30pm, and on Friday, 6 July at around 11.30pm. On both occasions nothing was stolen but damage was caused inside the school. After the fourth break-in, two men were seen leaving the scene.

Offenders have also gained entry to Hawthorn Park Primary School in Parkside Drive twice over the same timeframe.

The break-ins took place at around 10.30pm on Tuesday, 26 June and then again at around 11.30pm on Wednesday, 4 July. On both occasions offenders appeared to have searched the premises but not stolen anything.

Sergeant Louise Bates, from the Houghton Regis community policing team, said: "Since these incidents, officers have been engaging extensively with both schools and putting measures in place to counter further break-ins.

"Officers have conducted late night patrols at Tithe Farm, put a specialist response plan in place in the event of further break-ins and arranged for a crime prevention officer to offer advice.

"We have advised Tithe Farm to install CCTV, as well as assessing further action we can take to prevent similar incidents in the future.

"We are not aware of any obvious links between these incidents and any wider offending.

"We appreciate this has had a big impact on the schools and the ability of staff to teach effectively, which is why we would urge anyone with any information to contact us to help with our enquiries."

Anyone with any information about these incidents should contact police on 101, or report information using our online reporting tool.
