```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "As part of Men\u2019s Health Week, a police officer from Bedfordshire Police has written a blog after he suffered a rare spinal stroke and was told he might never walk again."
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: "\u201CAfter being told that I would possibly never walk again, I was extremely overwhelmed\u201D"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ian-leeson-blog-june2018
```

**As part of Men 's Health Week, a police officer from Bedfordshire Police has written a blog after he suffered a rare spinal stroke and was told he might never walk again.**

**In the force 's Bobbies on the Beat blog, PC Ian Leeson explains how his life took a dramatic turn last year when he had a stroke while his wife was expecting their first child. Through sheer determination, support from health professionals, family, colleagues and Flint House, a police rehabilitation **centre, he has now returned to frontline policing.

** **

PC Leeson said: "After being told that I would possibly never walk again, I was extremely overwhelmed. After 40 days and nights in hospital, I finally managed to walk unaided across the ward and down the ramp in the hospital. When I FaceTimed my wife to show her that I was walking unaided, she broke down in tears. Neither of us had discussed the prospect of me not walking again, but both of us had thought about it, and the consequences around it.

"I was still faced with the prospect of being medically retired from the police because of the severity of my injury. I was offered medical retirement, but I turned it down because there's no better job in the world. I wasn't sure that I could make it back to frontline line duties but having come so far I wasn't ready to give up on my dream job just yet.

"After being off work for nearly a year, I returned to work in March on restricted duties in an office based role. Now I'm delighted to report I have passed both the police fitness test and self-defence course, meaning I can finally return to the frontline, and the job that I have missed so much.

"Having been off work for so long, I realise the support you receive from the force if you suffer a serious injury or illness is incredible. It makes you realise that it isn't just a job. It is like having another family with some truly amazing people who will help you through the toughest times that you might face in your life. I'm just looking forward to rewarding the faith placed in me by those in senior management who could so easily have written me off and getting back out there on the frontline to make a real difference once again."

You can read PC Leeson's story at the Force's Bobbies on the Beat blog
