```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Five men have been arrested in connection with a large violent disorder in Luton early this morning (Wednesday), which has left several people with injuries.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: Five arrested as police investigate violent disorder in Luton
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-arrested-luton-mar21
```

**Five men have been arrested in connection with a large violent disorder in Luton early this morning (Wednesday), which has left several people with injuries. **

Police were called at around 4.45am to reports that gun shots had been fired and several people were fighting with weapons in the Hallwicks Road area of Luton.

A number of vehicles had also been seen to be chasing and colliding with each other within the vicinity.

One man in his 20s was arrested at the scene on suspicion of violent disorder and is currently in police custody for questioning.

Four other men, also in their 20s, were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and are currently in hospital receiving treatment for their injuries.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerry Waite, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This is a deeply concerning incident and we want to get to the bottom of it and bring those responsible to justice.

"We take a zero-tolerance approach to any use of illegal firearms and we want to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to investigate this incident.

"Although our enquiries are at an early stage, we believe this was an isolated incident with no risk to the wider public. We'd like to thank the local community for their patience with the disruption that they endured this morning, and their support as we investigate.

"If anyone has any information that can help us with our enquiries, please get in touch.

"While these incidents are undoubtedly concerning, we have made great strides in cracking down on violent crime in Bedfordshire.

"Serious youth violence fell by nine per cent in Bedfordshire last year, equivalent to 200 fewer victims.

"Plus, there had been no reports of firearms discharges or incidents of serious violence directly attributed to Bedfordshire's organised crime groups or gangs between August and January.

"We are doing all we can, but would always implore our communities to help us stamp out gun crime and serious violence. You don't have to talk to us - if you have information or concerns, speak to Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously and in confidence."

If you have any information about this incident please call on 101, quoting Operation Galway, or report online.

 Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you would like to help keep Bedfordshire safe and investigate crimes across the region, join us today.
