```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We would like to thank everyone who attended Bedford River Festival this year for your support and for helping us make the weekend a safe and family event.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2018
title: Police thanks the public for support during Bedford River Festival
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/river-festival-thank-you-july18
```

**We would like to thank everyone who attended Bedford River Festival this year for your support and for helping us make the weekend a safe and family event.**

The festival, which took place on 14 and 15 July, was visited by more than 250,000 people from across the country. Officers from across the force, including Special Constabulary, were there to make sure that all the people attending could enjoy it in a peaceful atmosphere.

Bedford River Festival takes place every two years and is organised by Bedford Borough Council, with support from Bedfordshire Police, Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, the East of England Ambulance Service and a number of other partner agencies whose help and input is invaluable in making this amazing event happen.

Chief Superintendent David Boyle said: "This year's Bedford River Festival was a well-attended but peaceful event. We worked hard with Bedford Borough Council and our partners to keep all the people present safe.

"I am pleased to say that the multi-agency approach in preparation for and through the weekend was exemplary. I would like to say a huge thank you to our communities and our partners for their support. This event was a great reflection of the spirit of our county where we all came together to celebrate our diverse communities.

"We have attended a number of incidents throughout the festival but I would like to reassure people that we promptly dealt with those involved."

Mayor Dave Hodgson said: "I want to thank the emergency services for their hard work and support in the preparation and the running of the River Festival. The Police, Fire and Rescue Service, Ambulance Service and St John's Ambulance once again all played crucial roles in ensuring a safe and enjoyable event for the hundreds of thousands of visitors over the weekend."
