```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Two victims of a robbery conspiracy have spoken out, after Paul Shah and Adam Urbanowicz were jailed earlier this month.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2019
title: Victims speak out after men jailed for robbery conspiracy
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/victims-robbery-conspiracy-dec19
```

**Two victims of a robbery conspiracy have spoken out, after thetwo men responsible were jailed earlier this month. **

Paul Shah, 37, of Winchester Road, Sandy, and Adam Urbanowicz, 21, of no fixed address, worked together to set up and carry out robberies in an attempt to steal takings from a Dunstable pub.

Shah is the ex-deputy manager of the pub, and during the trial was found guilty of conspiracy to rob and perverting the course of justice.

Urbanowicz was found guilty of conspiracy to rob and possession of an imitation firearm.

The men were jailed for a total of 19 years and four months on 13 December at Luton Crown Court; Shah received 10 years in prison, while Urbanowicz was jailed for nine years and four months.

On 1 October, Urbanowicz stabbed a man who worked at the pub. Thankfully he was able to seek help, and members of the public called the emergency services.

In a statement, his victim said: "I am nervous in crowds and when in groups of people, I am always worried when I am inadvertently bumped into by strangers. I am constantly worried when someone is walking directly towards me and constantly checking to see if I am being followed. This has led me not to trust new people who I am meeting, for I am always wondering if they are targeting me.

"I have had panic attacks, even when at the theatre and when an actor unexpectedly pulled a knife out. Due to how close I was, in the front row, I was shocked and fell into panic."

Three days later, on 4 October, the pub was robbed by two masked men - one of whom was Urbanowicz. He was able to get into the pub after Shah, who had offered to stay with the duty manager, left a door open so the men could get in.

The men were armed with an imitation firearm, demanded money and stole £4,000.

In a statement, the victim of the armed robbery referred to Shah as someone who they once thought of as a friend: "Knowing now that he was the leader in the crime that I had been witness to makes the events even worse. I trusted this man and called him a friend. His actions have left me feeling hurt and vulnerable.

"When feeling well enough to return to work, I was there a week before the robbery came back to haunt me. I became really depressed and tearful and to make matters worse my name was being dragged through mud. I felt I needed to terminate my position as I was unable to carry out my role effectively knowing my reputation was being judged for a crime I had nothing to do with."

Detective Sergeant Zac Kozlowski, who investigated the incidents, said: "Neither Shah or Urbanowicz cared about their victims, only thinking about themselves and the potential financial rewards they could gain. I am pleased that the men have been jailed, and I hope the sentences they received give them some sense of closure."

If you have been affected by crime, the Signpost Hub offers free and confidential support to victims in Bedfordshire, whether it has been reported to police or not and irrespective of where and when the crime occurred.

Contact 0800 0282887 or visit www.signpostforbedfordshire.com for further information.
