```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Students across the county will be taught about hate crime as Bedfordshire Police is sending an innovative video to every secondary, middle and upper school in the county to stream to their pupils during National Hate Crime Awareness Week (13 to 20 October).
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2018
title: Teaching youngsters about hate crime during week of action
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hate-crime-week-oct18
```

**Students across the county will be taught about hate crime as Bedfordshire Police is sending an innovative video to every secondary, middle and upper school in the county to stream to their pupils during National Hate Crime Awareness Week (13 to 20 October).**

The force's Community Cohesion Champions, who are aged between 13 and 15-years-old, have made the film entitled #WeHateHateCrime, in association with Bedfordshire Police, education charity the Anne Frank Trust and True Vision the online reporting tool for hate crime. It has been created to raise awareness of what is hate crime, how it affects victims and how to report it. It's made by young people, for young people.

Hate Crime Sergeant Carl Perri said: "We asked our champions to help us make the film for their peers on the topic of tackling hate crime. The champions planned, scripted and appeared as actors in the film with dramatisations which are relatable to young people.

"Schools can incorporate the video into their classroom learning to encourage discussions around how hate crime impacts victims and who can report and where they can report any hate crimes either as a victim or witness.

"We take hate crime extremely seriously as it can have a devastating impact on victims and can leave them isolated, vulnerable and even suicidal, after being threatened, attacked or abused, often repeatedly, just because someone takes a disliking to their identity.

"Although the force has seen a rise in people reporting hate crime, we know it remains under reported. Next week we will be engaging with members of the public across the county at various events, including at our third party reporting centres, to educate them about hate crimes."

To kick off the national week of action the force, along with partner agencies, has organised a conference at the University of Bedfordshire, in Bedford, on Saturday (13 October) at 3.30pm. It is aimed at anyone wishing to learn more about hate crime and is entitled Take a Stand #NoPlaceForHate.

If you would like to attend, the free event places are limited and you will need to book. For more information visit http://bit.ly/hatecrimeevent

If you or anyone you know has been affected by hate crime contact Bedfordshire Police on 101 or contact True Vision online at report-it.org.uk or via the third party reporting centres which can be found on the Bedfordshire Police website. Don't ever suffer in silence.

You can also keep up with the week of action and what Bedfordshire Police is doing to tackle hate crime by following @hatecrimeteam on Twitter.
