```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Our Operation Meteor is an initiative which aims to target off-road and nuisance bikers. The north community team has organised a community engagement day to talk to the Bedford residents about this issue.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Op Meteor lands in Bedford
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meteor-lands-in-bedford
```

**Our Operation Meteor is an initiative which aims to target off-road and nuisance bikers. The north community team has organised a community engagement day to talk to the Bedford residents about this issue.**

Bedford communities are invited to join police officers on Saturday 11 November between 12pm and 5pm in Silver Street in Bedford. This event gives our residents an opportunity to meet our officers and hear first-hand what the force is doing to tackle this issue. Additionally the officers will be giving advice on how to report off-road and nuisance bikers and listen to residents' concerns.

PC Laura Shackleton said: "We have organised this event for our communities and would like to invite Bedford residents to stop by for a chat. We understand that off-road and nuisance bikes are extremely upsetting to our residents. Our force is dedicated to tackling this issue and we would like to encourage the communities to come forward with information about this problem.

"We treat each call seriously and the information provided allow us build a better intelligence picture of off-road and nuisance bikes activity in the county."

Bedfordshire Police is urging people to come forward with information about nuisance bikers in their neighbourhood by calling 101 or using on-line reporting centre on the force's website.
