```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: A Luton man has today, (Friday) been sentenced to four years imprisonment after he pleaded guilty to three burglaries, handling of stolen bank cards and fraud.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: Man jailed for Luton burglaries, handling of stolen bank cards and fraud
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-luton-burglaries-jun20
```

A Luton man has today, (Friday) been sentenced to four years imprisonment after he pleaded guilty to three burglaries, handling of stolen bank cards and fraud.

Aaron Evangelou, 32, of Crescent Road, Luton, was arrested after he was identified on CCTV following a burglary on Elmore Road, Luton. Following his arrest, Evangelou was also identified for two further burglaries on Meyrick Avenue and Hillary Crescent, through DNA traces which he left at the properties. Evangelou also committed fraud and handling by using bank cards stolen from an address in St Martins Avenue.

Evangelou was arrested by the Operation Maze team, which is the force's standalone team dedicated to tackling burglary. During his interview with Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, Evangelou made admissions to a further 68 burglary offences.

Detective Constable Jason Wheeler, investigating said: "Evangelou is a prolific burglar and I am glad he has been sentenced to time in prison. I hope that he uses this time to reflect on his actions and does not re-offend in the future.

"Fortunately I was able to identify Evangelou through CCTV footage and due to the good work of our forensic officers at the scenes.

"Burglary is a key priority for the force and such criminality will not be tolerated in Bedfordshire.

"The force continues to run dedicated operations to target those individuals who commit burglary offences."
