```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: "The policing minister has hailed the impressive results of an organised crime crackdown that has now taken eight firearms and almost \xA3300,000 in cash off the streets."
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2020
title: Policing minister hails impressive results of organised crime crackdown
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/policing-minister-hails-impressive-results-of-organised-crime-crackdown
```

### The policing minister has hailed the impressive results of an organised crime crackdown that has now taken eight firearms and almost £300,000 in cash off the streets.

Eighteen people have so far been charged as a result of an operation targeting suspected organised criminal networks operating in Luton by both ourselves and the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU).

Now the public are being urged to come forward with information and help detectives rid communities in our area of organised crime, as well as the violence, exploitation and anti-social behaviour that comes with it.

Operation Costello is the force's response to the national Operational Venetic, which has taken down a series of organised criminal networks across the country after cracking an encrypted phone system used by criminals.

The response by our force alone has had a major impact on organised crime in Luton, with the latest results including:

 * 20 arrests
 * Eight people have been charged and remanded
 * Around £250,000 in cash has been seized along with other high value assets such as watches, clothes and electronics.
 * 283 members of staff have been deployed in total across four force-wide enforcement days.
 * 47 searches have been carried out.
 * Weapons including a firearm and crossbow have been seized.

ERSOU has also run a number of major operations targeting organised crime in Bedfordshire and across the region.

The regional unit's work in the town has resulted in the seizure of 90 kilos of Class A drugs, seven firearms, around £40,000 in cash as well as jewellery worth in the region of £250,000.

Ten people have now been charged as a result of this work under Operation Venetic.

Across the wider region, ERSOU has arrested 83 people, charged 34 of these as well as seizing almost £3 million in cash.

Senior ERSOU detectives presented these results to Kit Malthouse, the Minister for Crime and Policing, during his visit to our headquarters on Tuesday (11 August).

"I have seen first-hand the vital work that Bedfordshire Police has been doing to tackle abhorrent drug gangs, and these are impressive results," Mr Malthouse said.

"I will always support Bedfordshire Police to carry out this important work and keep our communities safe."

Kathryn Holloway is our Crime Commissioner and chair of the East's seven force Serious Organised Crime and Counter Terrorism Strategic Governance Board at ERSOU.

She said: "This work has represented a quite outstanding series of arrests and seizures by all of Bedfordshire Police, the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit we lead and the National Crime Agency working extremely closely together. It struck at the heart of Serious Organised Crime in this county.

"All the officers and staff involved deserve our congratulations for making this county a safer place to live as a result. It was a particular pleasure, of course, to be able to demonstrate all this to the Policing Minister, Kit Malthouse, during his visit."

Detective Superintendent Julie Henderson, our director of intelligence, said: "Organised crime is a scourge on our communities, blighting our residents with serious violence, exploitation and anti-social behaviour.

"We are working with partners to unravel such networks and ensure there is no place for organised crime in our county - but need the public's help to do so.

"If you have information that you believe can help us win this fight, please get in touch with ourselves or Crimestoppers anonymously. No piece of information is too small and between us we can make our communities much safer places."

Assistant Chief Constable Dan Vajzovic, Head of ERSOU, said: "Operation Venetic is perhaps the most important law enforcement operation to take place in the Eastern region and represents a huge step forward in disrupting the most serious criminal gangs in our communities.

"Although there have been outstanding results across the region, the work of law enforcement to tackle organised gangs is ongoing, and our dedicated teams are determined to continue apprehending those involved in organised criminality."

Anyone with information about things like drug dealing or firearms can report this through our website or 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously and in confidence or by calling 0800 555 111.
