```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: Tabraz Mohammed, 39, will be sentenced on 3 December for the 2001 murder of 24-year-old Soheil Mumtaz.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: "Man pleads guilty to Luton \u201Chonour killing\u201D after almost 20 years"
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/guilty-murder-mumtaz2001-oct2019
```

**A Luton man who fled abroad to evade arrest is now facing prison after pleading guilty to the 2001 murder of 24-year-old Soheil Mumtaz.**

Tabraz Mohammed, 39, pleaded guilty today (Friday) at Central Criminal Court, and will be sentenced on Tuesday 3 December at St Albans Crown Court.

At approximately 9.30pm on Wednesday 4 April 2001, Mr Mumtaz, also from Luton, was lured to a meeting in Kenilworth Road by Mohammed. He was set upon by Mohammed who hit him with a hammer, more than once, causing serious head injuries.

Mr Mumtaz was taken to hospital, and died from his injuries on Monday 9 April.He left behind a pregnant wife and a 14-month-old child.

An investigation was launched and detectives discovered that Mohammed had taken a flight to Pakistan in order to evade arrest the day after the attack, and all attempts to locate him were to no avail.

Information was then received from the USA in 2017 that Mohammed was residing there, and had entered the country just weeks after the attack, setting up a whole new life that he had been living for almost two decades.

A warrant was granted by Luton Magistrates' Court on 17 January 2018. The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit worked with the US authorities to carry out the extradition process.

On 6 August this year officers travelled to the US to extradite Mohammed and he was arrested as he arrived back in the UK, and was charged with murder.

Detective Chief Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH Major Crime Unit and leading the investigation, said: "This vicious attack was orchestrated on a husband and father in retribution for a perceived slight in remarks made, of which there is no direct evidence, to a member of Mohammed's family. These were remarks not heard directly by Mohammed; in fact he didn't know if they were even true.

"There is no honour in murder and his admission in court will hopefully provide some comfort for Mr Mumtaz's family, who have spent almost two decades without any closure.

"Mohammed's cowardly flight out of the country meant he has never been held to account for his actions and only now will he finally face justice."

Mr Mumtaz's family paid tribute to him today, and said: "Soheil was a loving husband and father who was cruelly taken from us.

"We have suffered pain and hurt since that time and, whilst we are pleased that he has at last been brought to justice and has pleaded guilty, it does not make up for us continuing to live without a husband, father, brother and uncle. It will never diminish the pain."

We take the investigation of so-called honour crimes very seriously and understands the complex and sensitive nature surrounding these offences.

For more information, visit our information pages.
