```yaml
area: Bedfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Luton.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: Appeal after Luton distraction burglary
url: https://www.bedfordshire.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-luton-distraction-burglary
```

### We are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Luton.

On Friday (25 September) at around 12.45pm a man visited a property in Barnfield Avenue claiming to be working in the road, saying that there were issues with water pressure in the area.

After the man was in the house for a short period of time, he left and the victim noticed that money, jewellery and documents were missing.

The man was described as white, of big build and with silver hair. He was wearing a puffer jacket, gloves and a facemask.

Detective Constable David Pawelek, from our dedicated burglary team Op Maze, said: "This incident has left the victim shaken, with this brazen offence happening in the middle of the day.

"We are appealing for anyone to come forward who may have noticed this man in the area, or if they have had a stranger knock on their door in this area around this time.

"I would encourage people with elderly neighbours, friends or relatives to remind them about staying vigilant around who they invite into their homes. In current times, no matter how urgent they seem, nobody should accept any unsolicited visitors without checking the person's credentials before letting them into your home."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the police on 101, or visit our online reporting centre, quoting reference number 40/52295/20.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111
