```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-28T14:53:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at 6.05pm on Saturday 19 October 2019 when two men approached the bicycle rack on Bishopthorpe Road, outside Lal Quila and Pextons Hardware, and used a tool to cut the lock off a bike which had been left securely. One male left the area on the bike down Bishopthorpe Road in the Nunnery [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/JPEG-Image-in-Database.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of bicycle from Bishopthorpe Road in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-bicycle-from-bishopthorpe-road-in-york/
title: Appeal following theft of bicycle from Bishopthorpe Road in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-bicycle-from-bishopthorpe-road-in-york/
```

Last modified: 28 October 2019 at 02:53pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a distinctive bicycle which happened in York.

It happened at 6.05pm on Saturday 19 October 2019 when two men approached the bicycle rack on Bishopthorpe Road, outside Lal Quila and Pextons Hardware, and used a tool to cut the lock off a bike which had been left securely.

One male left the area on the bike down Bishopthorpe Road in the Nunnery Lane direction and the other crossed the road on foot, walking in the direction of the city centre.

The males are described as follows:

 * 1 x white male, aged in his early 20s, tall and skinny build, wearing washed out black jeans, a grey zip up hoodie with black lines down the arms and black Nike TN trainers.
 * 1 x white male, also early 20s, very skinny build, shorter in height than the other male, he has a brown goatee style beard, and was wearing a bright blue baseball cap with a white NYC logo on the front, a padded blue coat and was wearing a pair of gloves.

The stolen bicycle is a Specialized 'Pitch' mountain bike in very good condition. It is matt black in colour with kiwi green writing on the frame reading SPECIALIZED. It also had green flecks on the inside of the wheels. It had a black bell and Specialized stix lights on the front and rear.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for information about the two males and any information about the whereabouts or use of the stolen bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ffion Twomlow. You can also email ffion.twomlow001941@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190193591.

Contact details:
 Ffion Twomlow \- #1941
ffion.twomlow001941@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 x 1941
Incident reference:
 12190193591
Posted on 28 October 2019 at 02:53pm in Local appeals
