```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-26T12:08:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-26T10:15:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The body of 19 year-old Sonny Ferry (pictured) from Rutland in the East Midlands was recovered at around 12pm on Sunday 14 April following reports that a person had fallen into the river in York. Following his death, enquires revealed that Mr Ferry\u2019s bank card was used a number of times between 4.22am and 6.10am [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Sonny-Ferry_.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police issue fresh appeal for Sonny Ferry\u2019s wallet as his family release a tribute - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-issue-fresh-appeal-for-sonny-ferrys-wallet-as-his-family-release-a-tribute/
title: "Police issue fresh appeal for Sonny Ferry\u2019s wallet as his family release a tribute"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-issue-fresh-appeal-for-sonny-ferrys-wallet-as-his-family-release-a-tribute/
```

Last modified: 26 July 2019 at 01:08pm

Officers investigating the death of Sonny Ferry have issued a fresh appeal to find his missing wallet.

The body of 19 year-old Sonny Ferry (pictured) from Rutland in the East Midlands was recovered at around 12pm on Sunday 14 April following reports that a person had fallen into the river in York.

Following his death, enquires revealed that Mr Ferry’s bank card was used a number of times between 4.22am and 6.10am the same morning to make unauthorised payments for items.

The card payments, some of which were declined, were made at the BP garage on Lawrence Street, McDonalds on Blake Street, Tesco on Piccadilly, the Shell garage on Hull Road and McDonalds on Blake Street and enquiries are ongoing to identify the people who used it.

Officers investigating Mr Ferry’s death, which is not being treated as suspicious, are still however trying to establish the whereabouts of his wallet, which is described as dark in colour with a Velcro fastening, and wasn’t with him when his body was recovered.

It is not known if the wallet went into the river, was lost, or was stolen. Underwater searches of the river in June proved unsuccessful in locating the wallet. Sonny’s bank card and provisional driving licence also remain missing.

Sonny’s mum and dad, Kate and Steve Ferry, have chosen to share some of the tributes made by Sonny’s friends following his death:

“Truly one of the funniest, sweetest, most charismatic people out there”

“Words could never express how everyone feels right now, you are our shining star and we miss you so much”

“You are truly one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever known, you light up everywhere you go. You will forever live on in all of our hearts, thank you for all the fun times”

“There is a hole which will never be filled. Conscientious, caring and so eager to learn. I will miss your infectious smile and your laugh. A true gentleman”

“Words aren’t enough to tell you how much I love you and how much I miss you. The world lost a true legend, you’ve stuck by me through thick and thin and I couldn’t of asked for a better friend. You always put a smile on anyone’s face, and lightened any room you entered”.

“You were such a bright light in everyone’s lives. Gonna miss you Sunshine”.

Appealing for information, investigating officer, Inspector Lee Partridge said:

“We are still trying to establish if Mr Ferry’s wallet went into the river or was lost or stolen earlier in the evening on Saturday 13 April or in the early hours of Sunday 14 April along with his bank card.

"We would ask that, if someone found or took Mr Ferry’s wallet, please let us know by calling 101 and passing information to the Force Control Room.

“Your information could prove vital in assisting our investigations and giving his family some answers that they desperately need.

“If you wish to remain anonymous you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference number 12190066481.”

Mr Ferry’s family have launched The Sunshine Campaign to raise £45,000 to cover the cost of a fully kitted rescue boat in his memory **.** All funds will go directly to the York Rescue Boat charity.

Kate and Steve Ferry, went on to say:

“Our lives are still to suffer the devastation of our loss, or even to consider how we will live in a future without Sonny.

“As more than three months after the death of our youngest child, the stretch of the river Foss where he and others have died remains a death trap, protected only by signage prescribed by two river safety reviews.

“If anyone still doubts the sincerity of The Sunshine Campaign we invite you to listen to our Charity song ‘You are our Sunshine’.

“The song has been produced from the kindness and talents of Chris Poole and Harriet Bryan, and is available to download across all major platforms.”

Posted on 26 July 2019 at 11:15am in News stories
