```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-31T15:58:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have praised the vigilance of residents and Watch volunteers after three men were convicted of poaching.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire residents&#039; vigilance praised after poachers convicted - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-residents-vigilance-praised-poachers-convicted/
title: North Yorkshire residents' vigilance praised after poachers convicted
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-residents-vigilance-praised-poachers-convicted/
```

Last modified: 31 October 2016 at 03:58pm

Police have praised the vigilance of residents and Watch volunteers after three men were convicted of poaching.

Three men from the Cleveland area were found guilty of night time poaching, after they were caught on land near Middleton Tyas, North Yorkshire, on 26 January 2016. Vigilant residents reported suspicious circumstances to the police, and the men were stopped soon after.

All three pleaded guilty to the offence at Northallerton Magistrates Court, and were ordered to pay fines and costs totalling £939.

PC Mark Wood, of Richmond Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "This is a strong warning to people who commit poaching offences in our area - you will be dealt with robustly and can expect to receive large fines.

"People in the rural Richmond community are very vigilant and will report these incidents to the police, and I encourage them to do so. Not only do we patrol these areas, we also have a very dedicated and committed Borderwatch team who regularly patrol with officers on a night time."

Ryan Spence, 26, of Dorset Road, Guisborough, was ordered to pay fines and costs totalling £569.

John Grayson, 28, of Easterside Road, Middlesbrough, was ordered to pay fines and costs totalling £185.

James Foster, 55, of Keir Hardie Crescent, Middlesbrough, was ordered to pay fines and costs totalling £185.

Posted on 31 October 2016 at 03:58pm in News stories
