```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-01T15:18:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Roy Finch, of Thief Lane, York, had been a council tenant since 2004. However, following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police, he admitted two offences of begging in the city centre on 22 June and 18 July this year. He also admitted that he begs on a regular basis and has been doing so for [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Roy-Finch-111077-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "York man convicted of begging despite getting \xA3900 a month in benefits and fully-funded accommodation - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/convicted-york-beggar/
title: "York man convicted of begging despite getting \xA3900 a month in benefits and fully-funded accommodation"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/convicted-york-beggar/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

A 40-year-old man has been convicted of begging in York – despite living in fully-funded council accommodation and receiving a further £900 a month in state benefits.

Roy Finch, of Thief Lane, York, had been a council tenant since 2004.

However, following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police, he admitted two offences of begging in the city centre on 22 June and 18 July this year.

He also admitted that he begs on a regular basis and has been doing so for a lengthy period.

Finch pleaded guilty to both charges. He was given a conditional discharge and ordered to pay £105 court costs – including a victim services surcharge – to be deducted from his benefits.

After the hearing last Wednesday, Police Constable Stephen Armitage of the York Community Safety Hub said: “This conviction sends out a message that offending of this nature will not be tolerated in the city of York.

“Finch clearly wanted to give the impression to those living, working and visiting York that he was homeless in order to receive money and other donations from the general public.

"This absolutely wasn’t the case – he has lived in council accommodation for no less than 14 years and receives hundreds of pounds in further benefits every month.

“This diverts donations from established charities and projects whose main aim is to support the genuinely homeless and vulnerable people who are living on the streets of the city.”

Councillor Helen Douglas, executive member for housing and safer communities at City of York Council, said: “I welcome this police action which has been carried out in partnership with the council.

“Our joint approach urges people not to give cash to people appearing to beg and this case perfectly illustrates why.

"The reality of some peoples’ situations does not always reflect what they claim or imply and this is a reason why we offer a number of different ways in which our kind-hearted residents can support those in genuine need.”

Posted on 1 August 2018 at 04:18pm in News stories
