```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-03T16:43:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-03T13:55:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Between Christmas Eve and New Year\u2019s Day, there were 14 arrests for assaults on police officers across North Yorkshire."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Between Christmas Eve and New Year\u2019s Day, there were 14 arrests for assaults on police officers across North Yorkshire. - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-eve-new-years-day-14-arrests-assaults-police-officers-across-north-yorkshire/
title: "Between Christmas Eve and New Year\u2019s Day, there were 14 arrests for assaults on police officers across North Yorkshire."
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-eve-new-years-day-14-arrests-assaults-police-officers-across-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 3 January 2018 at 04:43pm

Between Christmas Eve and New Year’s Day, there were 14 arrests for assaults on police officers across North Yorkshire.

******CORRECTION 2pm Wednesday 3 January 2017***** **
****
Apologies. The number below is incorrect. The number of arrests for officers being assaulted is 14 and NOT 25. Sorry for any confusion.**

There were 14 arrests, from which, 11 crimes were recorded.

Breakdown of arrests per district;

Harrogate - 3
Scarborough - 8
York - 3

***********************************************

The categories of the incidents are broken down as follows;

Arrest details;

 * Assault a constable in the execution of his / her duty (recordable) - 14

Crimes breakdown;

 * Assault With Injury on a Constable - Constable assault occasioning actual bodily harm - 6
 * Assault without injury on a Constable - Assault without injury on a constable. Police Act 1996 – 5

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, said:

“These figures are shocking and utterly unacceptable.

“It is extremely alarming that so many police officers are being assaulted when they are simply carrying out their duty to help keep the public safe from harm.

“Our officers, alongside other emergency service workers, were required to forego time at home with their families during the festive period and worked tirelessly to make sure the safety of the public remained paramount.

“I cannot express how disappointed I am that a number of our officers were assaulted. It truly is appalling. There is never an excuse for such behaviour and it should never be seen as ‘just part of the job’.

“It is a great credit to the police and emergency services that those same individuals who were assaulted carried on with their duties serving the public over Christmas and New Year. That is simply because they are focussed on ensuring everyone else remains safe and this is something we can be extremely proud of.”

Posted on 3 January 2018 at 01:55pm in News stories
