```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:25:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-29T11:24:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are investigating the theft of an ATM from Penny Petrol Station on Hull Road in the Dunnington area of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police investigating ATM theft in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigating-atm-theft-york/
title: Police investigating ATM theft in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigating-atm-theft-york/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:25am

Police are investigating the theft of an ATM from Penny Petrol Station on Hull Road in the Dunnington area of York.

The incident occurred at around 2am on Monday 29 June 2015 when vehicles smashed into the wall and the ATM was taken.

Police are appealing for information about a number of vehicles believed to have been used in the incident.

Anyone travelling along the A1079 in the Dunnington Area of York at around 2am today, Monday 29 June, is asked to contact police.

In particular, anyone who saw a convoy of a white transit van, a forklift truck and a medium sized saloon car in the area around the time of the incident, is urged to get in touch and pass on any information which could assist the investigation.

Police also believe that a JCB stolen from P&T Contracts on Westfields, Hull Road, York, was also used during the theft of the ATM. The theft of the JCB, reported to police at around 6.30am, also occurred in the early hours of Monday 29 June.

Anyone with any information or who saw anything suspicious in the Dunnington Area of York in the early hours of this morning is asked to contact the York Serious Crime Team. Dial 101, press option 2 and ask to speak to A/DS Kevin Goodman, or emailkevin.goodman@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number **12150109148** when passing on information about this incident.

Monday 29 June 2015.

Posted on 29 June 2015 at 11:24am in News stories
