```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-03T16:49:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The new officers have joined the force full-time following a recent police officer recruitment campaign. Between them they have more than 96 years of volunteer policing experience. They have just completed their initial, 10-week conversion training course to equip them for life on the beat as a regular officer and will now join their tutor [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09/Reg-300916-All-email.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 20 new police officers with a special bond - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20-new-police-officers-special-bond/
title: 20 new police officers with a special bond
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20-new-police-officers-special-bond/
```

Last modified: 3 October 2016 at 04:49pm

20 former special constables have boosted the ranks of regular officers at North Yorkshire Police.

View image

The new officers have joined the force full-time following a recent police officer recruitment campaign. Between them they have more than 96 years of volunteer policing experience.

They have just completed their initial, 10-week conversion training course to equip them for life on the beat as a regular officer and will now join their tutor constables at police stations across North Yorkshire for the next stage of their training.

They were welcomed to the force by Acting Assistant Chief Constable, Amanda Oliver, at their passing out ceremony held at police headquarters in Newby Wiske on Friday 30 September 2016.

A/ACC Oliver said: “First I would like to thank each officer for their voluntary contribution to policing and congratulate them on the successful completion of the first stage of their career as a full-time officer.

“As former specials they bring a wealth of policing and life experiences to the complex job of policing, and having experienced life on the front-line already, can hit the ground running when they join their local policing teams. They can be very proud of themselves and their achievements so far. I wish them well as they embark on their future careers with North Yorkshire Police.”

Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverley-Holmes, added: “Becoming a special constable is a great way to sample life on the beat before committing to a full time career. While there is no direct route from being a special to joining the regulars, and no guarantee that you would pass the rigorous selection process, the experience will stand you in good stead if you do decide to apply.

“We’ll be looking for new special constables to fill the shoes left by these inspiring new officers and will be launching a recruitment campaign next month. Anyone who is interested in applying should keep an eye on our website and social media channels.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: "Very many congratulations to everyone. It's great to see so many specials deciding to join North Yorkshire Police full time. I wish them all well in their training and look forward to seeing them out and about in our local communities.

“Of course special constables bring a wealth of experience, so it's great way to bring more officers into the police service. However, this leaves a gap in the ranks of our Special Constabulary, so as well as recruiting more full time regular officers, we will soon be announcing a campaign for more specials. If you're interested, please keep an eye open as a range of opportunities will be available. And once more, best of luck to all our new recruits."

The new officers will be based in the following locations:

York (5), Scarborough (6), Northallerton (3), Selby (3), Harrogate(2), Richmond (1).

“Specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and volunteer a minimum of four hours a week to their local police force, forming a vital link between the regular (full-time) police and the local community.

They play a key role in local policing and have the same powers and uniform as regular police officers. The role of specials can also extend into more complex areas of policing such as roads policing and public order policing.

North Yorkshire Police’s special constable recruitment will open on 10 -31 October 2016.

To apply click here

Posted on 3 October 2016 at 04:49pm in News stories
