```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:36:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-16T11:39:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Overnight between 11 April and 12 April 2018, a silver Defender parked on an industrial estate in Osbaldwick, York, was attacked. A window was smashed, and the bonnet and driver&#8217;s side lock barrel were removed. Officers have today attended to security-mark the vehicle, helping to protect it against any further thefts. Anyone with information about [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09/Land-Rover-security-advice-page-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Land Rover Defender protected after attempted theft - police urge other owners to do the same - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/land-rover-defender-protected-attempted-theft-police-urge-owners/
title: Land Rover Defender protected after attempted theft - police urge other owners to do the same
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/land-rover-defender-protected-attempted-theft-police-urge-owners/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:36am

A Land Rover Defender has been security-marked to protect it from criminals after an attempted theft - and police are now urging other vehicle owners to do the same.

Overnight between 11 April and 12 April 2018, a silver Defender parked on an industrial estate in Osbaldwick, York, was attacked. A window was smashed, and the bonnet and driver's side lock barrel were removed.

Officers have today attended to security-mark the vehicle, helping to protect it against any further thefts.

Anyone with information about the incident can pass details to North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101, quoting reference NYP-12042018-0057.

PCSO Sally Breen, from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “It's important that anyone who owns a Land Rover – particularly if it's parked in an unpopulated or rural area – to take extra steps to ensure it is left safe and secure.

“It’s much better to spend a bit of time and money now on improving your security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity around parked vehicles, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action.”

Owners of Land Rovers in North Yorkshire are being asked to follow this crime prevention advice:

 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not
 * Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it
 * Consider fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device
 * Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number

If you are aware of any suspicious activity around Land Rovers or other vehicles, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Your local Neighbourhood Policing Team or Rural Taskforce officer can offer bespoke crime prevention advice. They can be also contacted via 101.

Posted on 16 April 2018 at 12:39pm in News stories
