```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:45:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-04T16:44:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging people to behave responsibly and stay safe this Bonfire Night period.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police call to &#039;stay safe&#039; this Bonfire Night - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-stay-safe-bonfire-night/
title: Police call to 'stay safe' this Bonfire Night
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-stay-safe-bonfire-night/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:45pm

Police are urging people to behave responsibly and stay safe this Bonfire Night period.

While a great many people enjoy the festivities at this time of year, there are others for whom it brings distress and raises the fear of crime.

Police officers, PCSOs and Special Constables will be undertaking proactive patrols to ensure that residents and visitors feel safe.

Posters have been delivered to shops to prevent young people buying eggs and flour and fireworks, and schools have been visited to educate young people about anti-social behaviour and the dangers of fireworks. Social media is also being used to provide information and advice to residents.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Officers will be out in the towns and cities across North Yorkshire to act as reassurance and deter anti-social behaviour.

"I would like parents to speak to their children to ensure that they understand how their actions can put themselves at risk, and leave others in fear of crime. If you know that a neighbour is vulnerable, please keep an eye out for them to help prevent them from becoming concerned about being a victim of crime."

"We work closely with the Fire and Rescue Service and I would also remind people not take risks with fireworks. Anyone caught supplying fireworks to under 18-year-olds or lighting them in the street can expect to be dealt with robustly, and people working in shops should also be mindful of selling anything to young people which could be used to cause anti-social behaviour."

For safety advice, interactive games and poster downloads, visit North Yorkshire Police's Bonfire Night website atwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/bonfire.

**4 November 2015**

Posted on 4 November 2015 at 04:44pm in News stories
