```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-11T13:46:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-11T09:18:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Awards will take place at York Racecourse on the evening of Tuesday 15 November 2016. The ceremony will recognise and reward those who took part in the challenge over the summer holidays to carry out projects to improve their local community. Since it started in 2012, Lifestyle has seen hundreds [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Hard work and commitment of North Yorkshire\u2019s young people to be recognised at awards ceremony - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hard-work-commitment-north-yorkshires-young-people-recognised-awards-ceremony/
title: "Hard work and commitment of North Yorkshire\u2019s young people to be recognised at awards ceremony"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hard-work-commitment-north-yorkshires-young-people-recognised-awards-ceremony/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2016 at 01:46pm

The community spirit of youngsters in North Yorkshire will be celebrated at a glittering awards ceremony.

The North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Awards will take place at York Racecourse on the evening of Tuesday 15 November 2016.

The ceremony will recognise and reward those who took part in the challenge over the summer holidays to carry out projects to improve their local community. Since it started in 2012, Lifestyle has seen hundreds of youngsters in North Yorkshire aged between 10 and 17 take part in everything from bake sales to beach cleaning.

Awards and prizes will be handed out to the 2016 teams at next week’s event. Among those attending the ceremony are:

The **Happy 2 Help** team, made up of Thomas, Claudia, Harry and Millie, looked through the local paper to volunteer for events to help good causes in and around the **Barlby** community. They started by raising £17.50 for Cliffe School PTA by making and selling homemade bracelets at the school fair. They helped to clear Bubwith Churchyard, clearing paths, moss and leaves from the gully. They met with the organiser of a “Spirit of Christmas” party for local and looked-after children, and over the holidays helped them by wrapping gifts, making badges, bag packing. As part of a working party they made posters to ask people to recycle their fabric and scrap for a group called SCRAP in Selby, who recycle materials and provide placements and work experience for adults with learning needs.

Annie, Lorna, Poppy, Emma, Charlotte & Daniel created the **Superbugs** team, and worked together over the summer to carry out their community project. They consulted with members of the community in **East Cowton** to ask them what they would like to see carried out as a project. This identified improvements to the Millennium Wood, as it was neglected and overgrown. Presenting to and working alongside the Parish Council, they secured £50 of funding. They cleared the woods, the bench, created new signs, built a bug hotel, and organised a games and activity afternoon. This raised £230.44 for Hambleton Community Action and Pendragon Multisensory Centre. This has resulted in increased usage of the wood, and made it safer, more accessible and more enjoyable, which has brought the community together and encouraged them to exercise more.

Joe and Lewis didn’t have a team name, but made over 100 delicious cakes and gave them out to the local community in **Filey**. They also spent time tidying and completing a litter pick cleaning the neighbourhood.

A returning team from 2015, **Ice Warriors Return** – made up of Andrew, Jordon, Luke, Josh and Dean from **Selby** – decided they were going to clear up, improve and maintain the local memorial garden. A community-focused project, they engaged with businesses asking for donations of plants, which they received. They tidied and improved the look of the memorial garden, which is no longer a dumping ground. This improved relations between different generations in the town, and the team learned about the importance of maintaining green spaces in a town by planting and looking after flowers.

Rachel, Molly, Josh and Matthew created the **Anti-Freeze** team in **Sherburn-in-Elmet** , and got involved in team-building activities. Initially they looked carrying out a car wash with another team to raise money for charity but they all decided to change their plans. They adapted well by creating a number of covered Christmas shoeboxes to be sent on to be filled with gifts and distributed to those in need.

The **Shertads** team included Natasha, Noah, Isabella, Zara and Samuel who were also actively involved in group activities in **Sherburn-in-Elmet** and **Tadcaster** , working with members of Anti-Freeze. They created a number of covered Christmas shoeboxes to be sent on to be filled with gifts and distributed to those in need.

Eamon and Alex formed **Hempland Happy Hounds** , and spent a number of hours organising and putting on a community dog show in **York** , where information was given out to help children understand how to deal with dogs. This came about after one of the team was bitten as a child. They went on BBC Radio York to promote the event, and approached local businesses, such as Pets at Home who donated vouchers for prizes. This event was well attended by 60 people, 26 dogs and brought the community together and helped to make it safer for people and dogs to interact.

The **Environmental Encouragers** included Charla, Ellie, Grace and Nancy. They helped elderly residents in **York** , by visiting care homes several times over the holiday. They carried out a bake sale, litter-picked, cleared garden cuttings away that had been left out, and organised a bric-a-brac sale that raised the money. They raised a total of £91.85 for cancer research and the group received a letter of thanks from one of the residents.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police’s Partnership Hub, said: “The sheer effort that dozens of young people have put in for this year’s Lifestyle Challenge has been truly inspirational. They have given up their own time to make a real difference in their communities, and they should all be extremely proud of themselves.

“On behalf of North Yorkshire Police and my colleague Suzanne Asquith, who has been instrumental in organising this project, I cannot praise highly enough their hard work and commitment. We are all looking forward to meeting them at the awards ceremony in York and hearing more about their success.

“I would also like to thank Hiscox, the Shepherd Group, Safer Hambleton and Safer Richmondshire for sponsoring, supporting and judging this year's challenge.”

Posted on 11 November 2016 at 09:18am in News stories
