```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-24T17:15:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police received reports that three men entered the Cut Fellas kiosk on Clifton Green shortly before 7pm yesterday and threatened the man who was working there with a knife. The men demanded money and he handed over a large amount of cash. The victim, who is in his 20s and was in the process of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police appeal after robbery at York barber\u2019s shop - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-barber-shop-robbery/
title: "Police appeal after robbery at York barber\u2019s shop"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-barber-shop-robbery/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Detectives investigating a robbery at a barber’s shop in a York suburb are appealing for witnesses.

Police received reports that three men entered the Cut Fellas kiosk on Clifton Green shortly before 7pm yesterday and threatened the man who was working there with a knife.

The men demanded money and he handed over a large amount of cash.

The victim, who is in his 20s and was in the process of closing the shop for the night, then pursued one of the men around the Clifton Green area as they made off on foot.

Police believe the suspects then used a vehicle to head north out of York on the A19.

One of the men is described as aged 20 to 22, skinny build and between 5ft 5ins and 5ft 7ins tall. He had stubble and wore blue denim jeans and trainers. He is believed to be of British origin.

The second is 25 to 30 years old and skinny. He is around 5ft 7ins tall, with a thick beard, a very thin face and short black hair. He is described as being of Kurdish origin.

The third man is believed to be around the same age as the second. He is 5ft 9ins tall and a stocky build. He had stubble, dark curly hair and wore a grey hoodie with the hood up. He is also described as being of Kurdish origin.

Police attended the scene after receiving a call at around 7.20pm yesterday and have launched a full investigation, which includes carrying out enquiries in the area, forensic tests and reviewing CCTV.

Nobody was seriously injured in the incident and no customers were in the shop at the time.

Detective Inspector Jackie Smart, of York Serious Crime Team, said: “While we’d never recommend that victims of crimes such as this place themselves in more danger by confronting their attackers, we do hope members of the public on this busy stretch of road may have seen this incident unfolding. They could have important information that could help our investigation.

“If you think you witnessed any part of this incident, saw any men matching the descriptions in the area at the time or have any other information that could help detectives, please contact us immediately.”

To share information, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Serious Crime Team.

You can also email SCTYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote incident number 12180032195.

Posted on 24 February 2018 at 05:15pm in News stories
