```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:33:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-01T14:32:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police&#039;s latest Special Constable recruitment campaign which ended today (1 February 2016) has seen a record number of applicants and expressions of interest.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Record number of Special Constable applicants as campaign closes - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/record-number-special-constable-applicants-campaign-closes/
title: Record number of Special Constable applicants as campaign closes
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/record-number-special-constable-applicants-campaign-closes/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:33pm

North Yorkshire Police's latest Special Constable recruitment campaign which ended today (1 February 2016) has seen a record number of applicants and expressions of interest.

The campaign, which began on 4 January 2016, received 276 applications from potential Special Constables.

In addition, 341 people began an application but did not finish it, 11 people failed the pre-screening questions and 1 person withdrew their application.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, who is also the National Police Chiefs' Council's lead for Citizens in Policing, said: "We are delighted with the number of applications this year, which shows an increase of nearly 100 applicants compared to our campaign at the same time last year.

"I would like to thank everyone for applying to join North Yorkshire Police as a Special and wish them the very best of luck as they go through the next stages of what is a very stringent assessment process.

"The successful applicants will be joining a great team of officers who work is appreciated by their regular colleagues and members of the public alike."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: " "Becoming a Special Constable for North Yorkshire Police is one of the most challenging and rewarding voluntary roles you can have so I am delighted so many people have applied and I wish them all the very best of luck.

"Our specials come from many different walks of life but they all share a similar desire to make a real difference. They are a valuable part of our policing family and I wish them the best of luck with their applications and potentially future career in the police."

The applicants will now be shortlisted and invited to attend a familiarisation event. They will then go through a rigorous selection process which includes a situational judgement test, a written activity, a competency based interview, final interview, fitness test, a medical and vetting process.

"Specials" as they are known, have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They come from all walks of life and backgrounds which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their regular (paid) colleagues.

They go through a rigorous training programme before they qualify to go out on the beat where they carry out a full range of front-line operational duties.

They can also choose to undertake further training and specialise in a particular area of policing such as public order, (policing protests, football matches etc) and roads policing.

They have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire.

The history of the Special Constabulary can be traced back 100s of years to the Anglo-Saxon period.

1 February 2016

Posted on 1 February 2016 at 02:32pm in News stories
