```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-13T13:35:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-13T10:05:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Project Servator is a policing tactic that aims to disrupt a range of criminal activity from shoplifting to terrorism, while providing a reassuring presence for the public. \_ Chief Inspector Fiona Willey who leads Project Servator at North Yorkshire Police, said: \u201CThe cycling officers have been specially trained in Project Servator tactics in addition to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Servator-cyclists-york.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two-wheeled watchers join Project Servator to keep North Yorkshire safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/servator-cyclists/
title: Two-wheeled watchers join Project Servator to keep North Yorkshire safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/servator-cyclists/
```

Last modified: 13 October 2020 at 02:35pm

North Yorkshire Police’s Project Servator team have introduced cycling officers in a bid to cover more ground as they work to keep the county’s towns and cities safe.

Project Servator is a policing tactic that aims to disrupt a range of criminal activity from shoplifting to terrorism, while providing a reassuring presence for the public.

Chief Inspector Fiona Willey who leads Project Servator at North Yorkshire Police, said: “The cycling officers have been specially trained in Project Servator tactics in addition to their normal policing roles and will deploy to areas alongside the more familiar high-visibility engagement points and specialist resources.

“They’ll provide additional policing presence and support for our Project Servator teams and can react swiftly to any issues that crop up.

“Policing continues as normal despite the uncertain times we are living in and I hope residents and visitors are reassured by the continuing presence of our Project Servator teams out on the streets of York and North Yorkshire.”

Servator is Latin for watcher or observer and officers are on the look-out for tell-tale signs that someone is planning to commit crime whether that’s about to steal something or planning something more serious – the signs that bring them to officers’ attention are the same.

The approach relies on unpredictable and highly visible police deployments, whilst at the same time, building a network of vigilance made up of business and community partners and the general public.

Deployments can pop up anywhere, at any time, in any weather, and include highly visible policing supported by a range of resources that can include CCTV, armed police officers, police dogs, automatic number plate recognition, plain clothed officers, air support - including drones, and now cycle patrols.

Officers have also forged partnerships with local businesses and organisations to raise awareness of Project Servator, to train staff and volunteers about how to spot suspicious activity, and in some cases, carry out joint deployments such as those carried out with the armed forces in Catterick, and BID rangers in York.

Members of the public have a vital role to play in helping the police by reporting anything that doesn’t feel right, for example an unattended item or someone acting suspiciously. Report suspicious activity immediately to a police officer or call your local police on 101.

Suspicious activity is anything that seems out place, unusual or doesn’t seem to fit in with day-to-day life. If it’s an emergency always call 999.

North Yorkshire Police was one of the first forces in the country to launch Project Servator back in April 2017 and is now one of 17 to have fully implemented the tactics in the UK.

Project Servator was developed by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure (CPNI) and the City of London Police, which began using the style of police deployments in February 2014 to reinforce the existing ‘ring of steel’ around the City of London. CPNI is the government authority which provides protective security advice to businesses and organisations that provide the UK's essential services.

Project Servator in operation at York Railway Museum Working with partners in York city centre Posted on 13 October 2020 at 11:05am in News stories
