```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-29T10:03:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-28T14:52:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The \u201816 days of activism\u2019 campaign, which runs from International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women through to International Human Rights day, aims to raise awareness of the prevalence of abuse and violence and encourage people to learn and talk about abuse, so they can better identify it and bring it to an [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Detective-Chief-Inspector-Allan-Harder-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police supports worldwide campaign to end abuse and violence - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-supports-worldwide-campaign-to-end-abuse-and-violence/
title: North Yorkshire Police supports worldwide campaign to end abuse and violence
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-supports-worldwide-campaign-to-end-abuse-and-violence/
```

Last modified: 29 November 2019 at 10:03am

North Yorkshire Police is adding its voice to a worldwide campaign to bring an end to abuse and violence.

The ‘16 days of activism’ campaign, which runs from International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women through to International Human Rights day, aims to raise awareness of the prevalence of abuse and violence and encourage people to learn and talk about abuse, so they can better identify it and bring it to an end.

North Yorkshire Police will be showing its support for the campaign by sharing information across its social media channels and signposting people to where they can get more information and support.

Members of the public can follow the campaign online, via the hashtag #16days and can show their own support by ‘going orange’ – the signature colour of the campaign.

Speaking about the campaign, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder said:

“By showing our support for the '16 days' campaign we hoping to raise awareness of abuse and violence.

“If people can talk about abuse and learn how to recognise the signs, it means it’s not being allow to hide away. By having this subject discussed out in the open, it removes the stigma experienced by victims and survivors, educates people on the signs of abuse and encourages them to report it to police. We can then play our part to make it stop.

“We also hope that through our support of the campaign, all victims of abuse – whether it is emotional, physical, mental, sexual or financial – will gain confidence from knowing we are here, ready to help them to break the cycle of abuse and support them to take back control of their lives.

“To anyone who is experiencing any form of abuse, who is living in fear for their own or their family’s safety - please contact police on 101 and start the process of making it stop.

“We understand that not everyone wants to talk to the police, but help is still available from organisations such as IDAS (Independent Domestic Abuse Services) and Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire (www.supportingvictims.org) – the most important thing is to reach out and get the help and support you need.”

Detective Superintendent Allan Harder

Assistant Chief Constable Annette Anderson showing her support for the campaign

Posted on 28 November 2019 at 02:52pm in News stories
