```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-28T18:33:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-29T09:00:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; Ryedale District Council approached North Yorkshire Police in late 2019 with an offer to share premises at the council\u2019s headquarters on Old Malton Road. The proposal aligned with the force\u2019s overall estates strategy, led by Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire\u2019s Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, who gave the go-ahead for the re-location in February 2020. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/Malton-move-to-RDC-2-1-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New home for Malton Police front counter services &amp; Neighbourhood Policing Team - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-home-for-malton-police-front-counter-services-neighbourhood-policing-team/
title: New home for Malton Police front counter services & Neighbourhood Policing Team
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-home-for-malton-police-front-counter-services-neighbourhood-policing-team/
```

Last modified: 28 January 2021 at 06:33pm

From 1 February, Malton’s Neighbourhood Policing Team and front counter services will move next door into Ryedale House to share premises with Ryedale District Council.

Pictured outside Ryedale House are: Cllr Keane Duncan, Leader of Ryedale District Council. Cllr Steve Arnold, Deputy Leader of Ryedale District Council, Inspector Martin Dennison of Malton Neighbourhood Policing Team and Bridget Skaife, Safer, Stronger Communities Manager at Ryedale District Council.

Ryedale District Council approached North Yorkshire Police in late 2019 with an offer to share premises at the council’s headquarters on Old Malton Road. The proposal aligned with the force’s overall estates strategy, led by Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire’s Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, who gave the go-ahead for the re-location in February 2020.

The estates strategy aims to cut costs by co-locating police teams with other public sector organisations in shared accommodation, so that the local police presence is maintained, while police buildings that are no longer suitable, or that are too expensive to maintain, can be sold.

Similar moves have proved very successful with significant benefits to multi-agency working by basing policing teams alongside partner agencies at councils in Scarborough and Selby, a joint headquarters with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, and shared operational bases with fire colleagues in Ripon and elsewhere.

Malton’s response policing team and specialist units such as roads policing, will remain based at the old police station until a suitable and more accessible local base is established. More details of this will follow, and eventually the old and now unsuitable police station will be sold.

Chief Constable Lisa Winward, said: “We took this opportunity to co-locate the neighbourhood policing team with Ryedale District Council, based on previous successful moves to shared premises. It allows us to maintain an important, visible presence in the town and enhances our ability to work together with other agencies to help keep our communities safe. My thanks go to everyone who has made it happen, despite the issues posed by the current Covid-19 pandemic.”

The Malton Neighbourhood Policing Team is led by Inspector Martin Dennison. He added: “We already work closely with our colleagues at Ryedale District Council and this move will help to improve that relationship.

“Many of the issues that concern local people require a joint approach from a number of agencies, and this move, together with the closer working that it facilitates, can only improve the service we provide to the people of Malton and the wider Ryedale area.

“And to reassure our local communities, it’s the same team with the same commitment to keeping Malton and Ryedale safe, we’re just moving a few metres up the road.”

Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, added: “Making this change is part of our work to ensure we achieve long-term savings that allow for additional resources to be invested in local, visible policing that supports our communities. It is also a sign of the increased importance we place on working in partnership with other public services to tackle local issues together and I am sure it will benefit Malton and the surrounding areas of Ryedale.”

Councillor Keane Duncan, Leader of Ryedale District Council, added: “Ryedale District Council is delighted to welcome North Yorkshire Police to Ryedale House. Our priority has been to ensure police officers remain stationed locally in Malton, for the benefit of the town and the wider district. That’s what we’ve been able to achieve.

“The move into Ryedale House will allow even greater cooperation between the Council and Neighbourhood Policing Team. Our hope is that this will help make sure Ryedale is an even safer place, with the teams able to deal more effectively with important issues such as speeding and antisocial behaviour.”

Opening times will not change: Monday to Thursday 9am to 5pm and Friday 9am to 4.30pm. It will be closed for lunch 12.30pm to 1pm. These opening times are also dependent on Coronavirus restrictions in place at the time.

Posted on 29 January 2021 at 09:00am in News stories
