```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-14T17:23:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-14T16:24:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The report features five cases from North Yorkshire &#8211; three cases of racially motivated hate crime, one of religiously motivated hate crime and one of homophobic hate crime. Hate crime is any criminal offence, where the perpetrator is motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on the victim\u2019s disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or gender [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Uplifted sentences applied to five North Yorkshire hate crime cases - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uplifted-sentences-applied-five-north-yorkshire-hate-crime-cases/
title: Uplifted sentences applied to five North Yorkshire hate crime cases
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uplifted-sentences-applied-five-north-yorkshire-hate-crime-cases/
```

Last modified: 14 February 2018 at 05:23pm

The Crown Prosecution Service for Yorkshire and Humberside have today published a report detailing the outcomes of hate crime cases heard at court between October and December 2017, where uplifted sentences have been applied.

The report features five cases from North Yorkshire - three cases of racially motivated hate crime, one of religiously motivated hate crime and one of homophobic hate crime.

Hate crime is any criminal offence, where the perpetrator is motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on the victim’s disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or gender identification or perceived disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or gender identification – also known as protected characteristics. In May 2017, North Yorkshire Police took the decision to include misogyny in its hate crime definition.

Hate crime can include threats of, or actual physical attacks, damage to property, abusive or insulting language used verbally or via a social media post, all motivated by a hostility and/or prejudice of an individual’s protected characteristic.

When a victim comes forward and reports a hate crime to North Yorkshire Police, a full investigation is conducted and when concluded, the case is referred to the Crown Prosecution Service to determine a charge.

For crimes where the motivation of the perpetrator can be evidenced to a hostility or prejudice towards a victim, because of their protected characteristic (race, religion, disability, gender identity or sexual orientation) the Crown Prosecution Service can apply for an uplift to be applied to the sentence.

Between October and December 2017, the following North Yorkshire cases had uplifted sentences applied to them;

 * The defendant assaulted a member of bar staff who evicted him from a bar and then racially abused and assaulted the officer who arrested him for the first assault. He pleaded guilty on the day of trial to assault by beating and racially aggravated assault by beating. He was sentenced to ten months’ imprisonment suspended for 18 months and 220 hours’ unpaid work. This was uplifted from a Community Order with the same amount of unpaid work.
 * The defendant racially abused and assaulted her housemate. She pleaded guilty at the first hearing to racially aggravated common assault by beating. She was sentenced to a 12 month Community Order and 200 hours unpaid work uplifted from 150 hours. She was also ordered to pay £100 compensation and £85 costs.

 * The defendant racially abused and assaulted a police officer. He pleaded guilty on the day of trial to racially aggravated harassment, alarm or distress by words or writing and assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty. He was sentenced to a 12 month Community Order with a curfew and 80 hours’ unpaid work uplifted from 40 hours. He was also ordered to pay £100 compensation, an £85 victim surcharge and £620 costs.
 * The defendant religiously abused a doctor who was treating him in hospital and assaulted a security guard. He pleaded guilty to causing religiously aggravated intentional harassment, alarm or distress and assault by beating. He was sentenced to a total of 18 months’ imprisonment uplifted from six months.
 * The defendant assaulted the victim and homophobically abused the victim’s stepmother when she confronted him. He pleaded guilty at the first hearing to assault by beating and using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour to cause harassment, alarm or distress. He was sentenced to a six month Referral Order uplifted from four months. He was also ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.

Speaking about these results, Superintendent Mark Khan, force lead for hate crime said:

“The outcomes of these cases clearly demonstrate that North Yorkshire Police take all reports of hate crime very seriously and that we will do all we can to ensure justice is brought to victims.

“Each incident of hate crime leaves a deep scar on its victim, many of whom comment that the despicable language used against them or the physical assault they have been subjected to will never leave them. I hope that the sentences handed to perpetrators, brings some element of closure for these victims and enables them to move on with their lives.

“I also hope that their bravery to come forward and report it to police, brings some encouragement and confidence to other victims - that you will be listened to and taken seriously. If you have been subjected to any type of hate crime, please contact police on 101 and report it, in an emergency always dial 999.

“Finally, I hope these results give out a clear sign to those who think they can target verbal or physical abuse at people just because of the colour of their skin, their religion, their gender identity, sexual orientation or disability. Your behaviour will not be tolerated and you will be brought before the courts and prosecuted.”

The full CPS report can be found here

Posted on 14 February 2018 at 04:24pm in News stories
