```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T13:57:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-08T13:56:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Residents and businesses in York are being given the chance to have their say on policing issues in the city centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Webchat gives people in York the chance to discuss policing issues - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/webchat-gives-people-york-chance-discuss-policing-issues/
title: Webchat gives people in York the chance to discuss policing issues
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/webchat-gives-people-york-chance-discuss-policing-issues/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 01:57pm

Residents and businesses in York are being given the chance to have their say on policing issues in the city centre.

A live webchat will take place on Wednesday 16 March, from 6pm, and a new questionnaire will be launched at the same time to gather people's views.

Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police, will join Sergeant Nick Plumb, PC Samantha Bolland (from North Yorkshire Police licensing), Tanya Lyon (from the Safer York Partnership) and Lesley Cooke (from City of York Council licensing) at the event.

They will be online to discuss people's experiences with police, crime, anti-social behaviour and quality of life issues in the city centre - and ideas on how the policing service can be further improved.

To join the webchat visit _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/webchat_ between 6pm and 7pm on Wednesday 16 March 2016.

Live Blog York city centre police webchat - Wednesday 16 March 2016

You can also set yourself an email reminder in advance so you don't miss it.

Inspector Godfrey said: "Key partners including City of York Council, North Yorkshire Police, British Transport Police, Safer York, train operating companies and Make it York all meet regularly to discuss anti-social behaviour issues in York, and we have done a great deal of work to ensure York remains a very safe, friendly place to visit.

"Initiatives such as our Had Enough? campaign launched last year, and our Code of Conduct for licensees, reinforce our clear message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated at any time. We are committed to ensuring that people can visit York, feel welcome and enjoy the city's historic and vibrant atmosphere.

"An online webchat is a good way of engaging and communicating with York residents and businesses, allowing us to identify and address the issues that concern people the most. For those who can't attend the online event, there are also plenty of opportunities to meet your local police face-to-face, or send us your feedback in other ways.

"Please join us on Wednesday evening, and we will do our best to answer any questions that come our way. Over the next few weeks, we'll also be distributing a questionnaire to residents and visitors in the city centre, with an option to fill it in online, so I'd encourage people to take the time to have their say."

Residents who are unable to take part in the live webchat are encouraged to send their questions to the North Yorkshire Police Twitter account @NYorksPolice , or as a comment on the Facebook page _www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice_.

You can also join 2,600 other people by following the York City Safer Neighbourhood Team on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, or become one of the 200 people who 'like' the team on Facebook at _www.facebook.com/yorkcityeastpolice_

A transcript of the webchat will be made available online as soon as the webchat is finished.

Posted on 8 March 2016 at 01:56pm in News stories
