```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-11T13:09:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious collision in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious injury collision in York - appeal for witnesses - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-injury-collision-in-york-appeal-for-witnesses/
title: Serious injury collision in York - appeal for witnesses
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-injury-collision-in-york-appeal-for-witnesses/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious collision in York.

At about 10.25pm on Thursday 7 July 2016, a blue and white Suzuki motorcycle collided with a lamp post and wall as it travelled north along Huntington Road, York, near to the Burn Estate junction.

The rider, a 21-year-old man from the York area, was taken to Leeds General Infirmary with serious injuries, where he remains in a serious condition.

He was riding in company with a green Kawasaki motorcycle at the time of the collision.

Police would like to speak to anyone who saw either of these two motorcycles riding along Huntington Road before the collision, anyone who was in the area at the time of the collision or anyone who saw the blue and white motorcycle as it was moved from the scene after the collision.

TC Dave Seavers, of the Major Collision Investigation Team, said: "I appeal for any information which may assist our investigation and to piece together what happened that evening - please come forward if you can help."

Anyone with information is asked to contact 101, select option 2 and ask for DC Kirsten Aldridge or TC Dave Seavers from the Major Collision Investigation Team.

Alternatively, you can email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Dave.Seavers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Please quote reference 12160120341.

Posted on 11 July 2016 at 01:09pm in News stories
