```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T14:18:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-01T15:10:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "They are trying to reach younger riders to educate them about how to stay safe and legal \u2013 and warn them of the consequences if they break the law. It\u2019s part of Operation Confiscate, which was launched in response to residents\u2019 complaints about antisocial motorcycle riders in York. Police Community Support Officers will be visiting [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/10/Slide1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police spread the word about illegal motorcycles as action to target nuisance riders brings \u201Csignificant results\u201D - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/op-confiscate-2/
title: "Police spread the word about illegal motorcycles as action to target nuisance riders brings \u201Csignificant results\u201D"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/op-confiscate-2/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 03:18pm

Officers at North Yorkshire Police will be working with schools, colleges, motorcycle dealers and instructors to cut down on the number of illegal and nuisance motorbike riders on our roads.

They are trying to reach younger riders to educate them about how to stay safe and legal – and warn them of the consequences if they break the law.

It’s part of Operation Confiscate, which was launched in response to residents’ complaints about antisocial motorcycle riders in York.

Police Community Support Officers will be visiting the locations to hand out information and talk to riders and other members of the community about how they can help police tackle the issue.

Officers are also carrying out regular enforcement patrols with off-road police motorbikes. They are using information supplied by the public and are targeting hotspots. These currently include the suburbs of Clifton, Fulford and Heworth.

In the last month alone, a number of motorbikes and scooters have been stopped by police in York, including:

 * A motorbike that was seized in Huntington for being uninsured and ridden while it was declared off the road (SORN)
 * A scooter rider who had no tax or MOT. The rider was reported and the scooter has been seized
 * A motorbike rider who has been given a Section 59 warning notice for antisocial riding
 * A scooter rider who has been reported for having no MOT and incorrectly displaying a front L plate
 * A scooter rider who is due to be interviewed on suspicion of having no licence or insurance after a police stop in Clifton

York North PCSO Harl Pattison, who is working on Operation Confiscate, said: “As the operation continues, we’re seeing some significant results. These results are making a real difference to residents’ quality of life and making their communities safer.

“But we want to prevent illegal riding happening in the first place. So we’re doing more and more work to reach young riders and influence the way they ride.

“By working with other people in the community, we’re spreading the word that riding antisocially or without tax, insurance, an MOT or a licence is foolish and it won’t be tolerated.

“We’re enforcing the law too, and in the last month alone we’ve been sending riders to court, handing out official warnings or seizing motorcycles. We're showing riders that the stakes are high, so chancing it could cost them dearly.”

Police are being supported by partner agencies such as the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency who can carry out roadside checks and make sure the vehicles are roadworthy. If not, prohibitions notices to remove the vehicle from the road can be issued.

North Yorkshire Police is reminding riders to check the following before taking to the road:

1: You are 16 or over

2: You carry out a compulsory basic training (CBT) After you’ve completed CBT, you can ride a:

 * moped if you’re 16 or over
 * motorcycle up to 125cc and with a power output of up to 11kW if you’re 17 or over

3: You must use L plates

4: You must pass your full moped or motorcycle test within two years, or you have to either take CBT again or stop riding

5: Have a valid MOT

6: Have valid insurance

7: Make sure your vehicle is in a road worthy manner and not been modified as this will void your insurance.

8: All helmets worn on UK roads must meet one of the following:

 * British Standard BS 6658:1985 and carry the BSI Kitemark
 * UNECE Regulation 22.05
 * a European Economic Area member standard offering at least the same safety and protection as BS 6658:1985, and carry a mark equivalent to the BSI Kitemark

**Residents are urged to help police crack down on nuisance riders by reporting offences on 101 or by emailingsnayorknorth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk**

**If possible, please take details of the registration, make or model, colour or a description of the rider or the helmet they are wearing. Information will be passed on to North Yorkshire Police’s Roads Policing Group so offenders can be tracked down and dealt with.**

Posted on 1 October 2018 at 04:10pm in News stories
