```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-11T16:08:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-11T16:07:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The Keeping Safe summer roadshows will have a presence at major events, visitor attractions and community facilities over the summer months as part of a collaboration with local services such as housing providers, domestic abuse advisors, fire and rescue service and road safety experts. Members of the public will be offered general crime prevention advice, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Keeping-safe-roadshow-1024x838.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police volunteers team up with partner agencies to help spread safety messages - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-team-up-with-partner-agencies-to-help-spread-safety/
title: Police volunteers team up with partner agencies to help spread safety messages
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-team-up-with-partner-agencies-to-help-spread-safety/
```

Last modified: 11 July 2018 at 05:08pm

Police volunteers are joining up with key partner agencies across Scarborough and Ryedale this summer to provide vital safety and crime prevention advice, property marking and the chance to find out more about becoming a police volunteer.

The Keeping Safe summer roadshows will have a presence at major events, visitor attractions and community facilities over the summer months as part of a collaboration with local services such as housing providers, domestic abuse advisors, fire and rescue service and road safety experts.

Members of the public will be offered general crime prevention advice, as well as information on how to access support for victims of domestic abuse, how to spot the signs of child sexual exploitation, how to stay safe on the roads, and how they can help prevent terrorist attacks by reporting suspicious activity.

They will also be offered the opportunity to sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging to receive alerts about crimes and incidents in their area.

Anyone interested in becoming a police Neighbourhood Support Volunteer can also find out more and make an expression of interest for future recruitment opportunities.

Natasha Almond, North Yorkshire Police’s Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager, said: “My thanks go to our volunteers and the many partner agencies who have provided an opportunity for us to join them. It means we are able to extend our community outreach service this summer, building on last year’s successful Christmas crime prevention roadshows. By joining with partners we can provide a more comprehensive one-stop-shop for safety and security advice.

“Engagement with members our community and providing tips and advice to help them to stay safe is invaluable in promoting a feeling of safety as well as helping to keep crime down. I urge everyone to take advantage of the help and advice on offer.”

Natasha added: “Our volunteers play a key role in supporting their local police teams and are a vital link with our communities. Anyone who is interested in joining us as a volunteer will be able to speak directly to our volunteers about the role, and leave an expression of interest ahead of our recruitment opening in September.”

The first two roadshows will be held at Whitby Emergency Services day on 14 and 15 July, followed by:

 * 21 July: Sutton Bank Visitor Centre, including dot-peen property marking
 * 22-23 July: Seafest, Scarborough
 * 28-29 July: Return of the Dragon Festival, Filey
 * 11,12,13: August Whitby Regatta
 * 18 August: Sutton Bank Visitor Centre. Including dot-peen property marking
 * 22 August: Egton Show
 * 31 August Eastfield Gala

Posted on 11 July 2018 at 05:07pm in News stories
