```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-08T13:03:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-08T13:00:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Children across North Yorkshire have been busy taking part in a number Lifestyle Challenges all summer. Activities have included combating loneliness in the elderly communities, by entertaining residents and visitors at Moors Care Centre with dancing, singing and games. Other activities have included creating fairy door hunts at Burton Riggs Nature Reserve and volunteering at [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Summer holidays Lifestyle Challenges for youngsters closes this weekend - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-holidays-lifestyle-challenges-youngsters-closes-weekend/
title: Summer holidays Lifestyle Challenges for youngsters closes this weekend
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-holidays-lifestyle-challenges-youngsters-closes-weekend/
```

Last modified: 8 September 2017 at 02:03pm

A competition to help kind-hearted youngsters give something back to their communities over the summer is coming to an end this weekend.

Children across North Yorkshire have been busy taking part in a number Lifestyle Challenges all summer. Activities have included combating loneliness in the elderly communities, by entertaining residents and visitors at Moors Care Centre with dancing, singing and games. Other activities have included creating fairy door hunts at Burton Riggs Nature Reserve and volunteering at Sure Start Children’s Centre in Clifton, as well as pot washing and cleaning up graffiti.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 – 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community.

The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the summer holidays that is of benefit to someone or something in North Yorkshire. They then have until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they do in a log book provided by the police.

The log books are then submitted for judging, with the winners attending a glittering awards ceremony in November to receive their prizes.

Sgt Neil Northend from Partnership Hub, said:

“The work these teams have done over the summer really demonstrates the way Lifestyle Challenge can help the community, it’s great to see teams getting involved, carrying out projects which benefit the community and environment we live in.

I would like to thank everyone who registered this year - over 20 teams, and look forward to receiving their log books and finding out what great work they have all been involved with – Well done.”

Children taking part are reminded that all work on their projects must stop this Sunday 10 September. The final day to submit their log books will be 24 September. These should be posted, with the correct postage to Lifestyle Office, Partnership Hub, North Yorkshire Police, I ‘Anson Road, Richmond, North Yorkshire DL10 4ND. Alternatively they can be marked ‘LIFESTYLE’ Richmond Police Station and handed in at your local police station.

Judging will then take place and awards ceremony will be held on 15 November.

Posted on 8 September 2017 at 02:00pm in News stories
