```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:23:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-24T14:37:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A black Honda 125 cc moped was taken from Cockret Road and moved to Barker Drive where it was set alight and damaged beyond repair. It happened in the early hours of Thursday 23 November 2017, from around 4am. A further incident occurred nearby, in Buller Street, where a wheelie bin was set on fire. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following arson attack in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-selby/
title: Appeal following arson attack in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:23am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two arson attacks that occurred in Selby .

A black Honda 125 cc moped was taken from Cockret Road and moved to Barker Drive where it was set alight and damaged beyond repair. It happened in the early hours of Thursday 23 November 2017, from around 4am.

A further incident occurred nearby, in Buller Street, where a wheelie bin was set on fire. This occurred at around the same time as the incident in Barker Drive and the two incidents are believed to be connected.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone seen behaving suspiciously in and around Buller Street and Barker Drive in the early hours of Thursday morning or anyone posting information about, or discussing, their involvement in this incident on social media or elsewhere.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Justine Gallie. You can also email justine.gallie@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number: 12170210146

Contact details:
 Justine Gallie \- #5009
justine.gallie@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 419 154
Incident reference:
 12170210146
Posted on 24 November 2017 at 02:37pm in Local appeals
