```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-10T10:58:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Five burglaries which have taken place at properties in Harrogate, York, Whixley and Scarborough are believed to linked to a series of over 50 burglaries, which have taken place in the Thames Valley and Hampshire areas. Investigations into the burglaries are currently ongoing, however detectives are today appealing for witnesses and information for a specific [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information regarding a burglary in Harrogate, which is believed to be linked to over 50 burglaries across three force areas - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-regarding-a-burglary-in-harrogate-which-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-over-50-burglaries-across-three-force-areas/
title: Appeal for information regarding a burglary in Harrogate, which is believed to be linked to over 50 burglaries across three force areas
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-regarding-a-burglary-in-harrogate-which-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-over-50-burglaries-across-three-force-areas/
```

Last modified: 10 July 2018 at 11:58am

As part of a cross-force investigation being led by Thames Valley Police, detectives from North Yorkshire Police’s York Investigation Hub are appealing for information following a number of burglaries across the region.

Five burglaries which have taken place at properties in Harrogate, York, Whixley and Scarborough are believed to linked to a series of over 50 burglaries, which have taken place in the Thames Valley and Hampshire areas.

Investigations into the burglaries are currently ongoing, however detectives are today appealing for witnesses and information for a specific burglary which took place at a property in Hookstone Road in Harrogate.

On Friday 1 June 2018, between 9.25 and 10am, offenders broken into the property by forcing the centre door panel of the front door, leaving a hole sufficiently large enough to walk through. However, once inside they were disturbed by the owners sons, who were inside at the time and left empty handed.

As the property owner returned shortly after, they were approached by a man and woman who are believed to be visitors to Harrogate, who stated that they has seen a man run down the side of the property and then get into a BMW car with another two men and leave in the direction of Leeds Road.

Police are appealing to the man and the woman who saw the men leaving the area, or anyone else who was in the Hookstone Road area of Harrogate at the time of the incident, who may have seen anything which would assist the investigation, to contact them.

Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to DC Julie Carter or David Pegg from York Investigation Hub. You can also email Julie.Carter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk – please quote reference number 12180096378.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 10 July 2018 at 11:58am in News stories
