```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-19T15:22:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-19T15:21:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A number of valuable items of jewellery have been stolen from a property, and there have been other attempted burglaries in the area between 1 October and 6 October 2020. Between 5 and 6 October, entry was gained to a property on Main Street, Nether Poppleton, and a number of high-value jewellery items were stolen. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/rolex-watch.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following spate of burglaries in Nether Poppleton, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-nether-poppleton-york/
title: Appeal following spate of burglaries in Nether Poppleton, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-nether-poppleton-york/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2020 at 04:22pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a spate of burglaries in the Nether Poppleton area of York.

A number of valuable items of jewellery have been stolen from a property, and there have been other attempted burglaries in the area between 1 October and 6 October 2020.

Between 5 and 6 October, entry was gained to a property on Main Street, Nether Poppleton, and a number of high-value jewellery items were stolen. Other attempted burglaries are believed to have taken place at properties in the immediate area prior to this.

North Yorkshire Police are requesting the public's assistance to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incidents.

In particular, officers are appealing for information about the following stolen items:

 * A Rolex datejust watch 1991 edition with a bi metal strap (silver and gold in colour) with a gold face valued at £4000, serial number 16233 - pictured above
 * An Omega 1954 analogue watch with a black leather strap and white face
 * A Seiko kinetic analogue watch with a stainless steel strap valued at £600
 * A yellow diamond ring
 * A Guess Watch with silver strap

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sam Preston. You can also email samuel.preston@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200175654.

Contact details:
 Sam Preston \- #0324
samuel.preston@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12200175654
Posted on 19 October 2020 at 04:21pm in Local appeals
