```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-08T10:27:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-08T10:26:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV image following an incident of theft and fraud.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/01/Suspect-2-184x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Appeal to identify man after more than \xA32000 is taken from bank account - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-man-2000-taken-bank-account/
title: "Appeal to identify man after more than \xA32000 is taken from bank account"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-man-2000-taken-bank-account/
```

Last modified: 8 January 2018 at 10:27am

Officers are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV image following an incident of theft and fraud.

Officers want to speak to the man in connection with the incident, which happened on 24 and 25 November 2017.

Sometime between 7.40pm on 24 November 2017 and 00.30am on 25 November 2017, an offender has gained entry to a guest room at Hotel Du Vin, in York and stolen a number of bank cards.

The victim received a call to the hotel room on the morning of 25 November 2017, from someone who said they were from Barclay’s Bank. The victim, who was staying in the hotel room with her husband, did not know at this stage that her bank cards had been stolen, and she provided personal details, including her PIN number, to the person on the phone.

A short time later the victim noticed her cards had been stolen. The victim contacted the banks, who informed her that £2600 had been withdrawn from her accounts that morning. The money had been taken from Barclays’ Bank in High Street, Doncaster.

Anyone who recognises the man in the CCTV image, or who has any information, is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to PC Kris Griffiths or email Kristoffer.griffiths@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170211587 when passing on information.

Posted on 8 January 2018 at 10:26am in News stories
