```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-19T11:50:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Harrogate have arrested eight people on suspicion of offences including drug dealing and money laundering during a series of raids across the town on Friday 23 January 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Eight arrested during Harrogate day of action - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eight-arrested-during-harrogate-day-of-action/
title: Eight arrested during Harrogate day of action
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eight-arrested-during-harrogate-day-of-action/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police in Harrogate have arrested eight people on suspicion of offences including drug dealing and money laundering during a series of raids across the town on Friday 23 January 2015.

During three search warrants and planned operations to arrest suspects, officers seized cash, drugs and items such as weighing scales and mobile phones, suspected of being used in drug dealing.

Inspector Penny Taylor of Harrogate Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "20 officers were involved in this planned, proactive operation to tackle the concerns of local people and disrupt criminals in the town.

"Drug dealing, drug use and the associated criminality causes misery for local people and our action has sent a clear warning to law-breakers that they are not welcome in Harrogate and we will do everything we can to disrupt their behaviour.

"Friday's action was the result of a combination of intelligence gathering and information from the community. I hope this reassures local people that when they report concerns to us, we will take action."

During a search warrant carried at a property on Ripon Road, a quantity of cannabis was seized along with other items believed to be linked to drug dealing. A 30-year-old woman and a 21-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possessing a class B drug with intent to supply. They have been released on police bail to allow for further enquiries to be carried out.

A search warrant was carried out at a property on Avenue Place where officers seized an amount of cannabis, weighing scales and other items believed to be linked to drugs. A 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class B drugs with intent to supply. He has been released on police bail to allow for further enquiries. A second person found at the address was issued with a cannabis warning.

In Walworth Avenue officers searched a property and arrested two people, a man aged18 and a woman aged 36. Both were arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs. They have been released on police bail while enquiries continue.

A 30-year-old man was arrested at a property on Cheltenham Crescent on suspicion of money laundering. His arrest followed an investigation into the theft of two mountain bikes which were reported stolen on 3 January 2015. He has been released on police bail while further enquiries are carried out.

At a property in Hyde Park Road, officers arrested a man wanted in connection with a burglary. He was transferred into the custody of Humberside Police. A second person who was at the property was arrested and charged with obstructing a police officer in the execution of their duties. He is due to appear at Harrogate Magistrates' Court on 12 February 2015.

To report suspicious activity in your neighbourhood, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 19 January 2016 at 11:50am in News stories
