```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-21T10:02:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-21T09:58:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Last Friday (10 June 2016) seven PCs and Police Community Support Officers joined Whitby Coastguard Rescue Team to learn about safety equipment, reaching inaccessible places, retrieving casualties and how the coastguard can help the police in various situations.\_ Local officer, PC Melanie Smith took part in the training, she said: \u201CBeing a coastal community, we [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Coastguard-training-4.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Whitby police shown the ropes by HM Coastguard - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-police-shown-ropes-hm-coastguard/
title: Whitby police shown the ropes by HM Coastguard
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-police-shown-ropes-hm-coastguard/
```

Last modified: 21 June 2016 at 10:02am

Whitby police got to grips with cliff rescue last week as they took part in a training exercise with their local Coastguard.

Last Friday (10 June 2016) seven PCs and Police Community Support Officers joined Whitby Coastguard Rescue Team to learn about safety equipment, reaching inaccessible places, retrieving casualties and how the coastguard can help the police in various situations.

Local officer, PC Melanie Smith took part in the training, she said: “Being a coastal community, we work with the Coastguard on a regular basis. There are many scenarios where their expert assistance is invaluable, from searches for missing people, rescuing casualties from difficult to reach and dangerous places, to retrieving evidence for our investigations. The training was very helpful and has also helped us build up our relationship with a service we rely on very much.”

The training exercise involved two scenarios - retrieving a casualty from the bottom of a cliff, and negotiating with a member of public in a dangerous location – both were simulated on Whitby’s East Pier.

PC Smith added: “Both of these are very realistic scenarios for us here in Whitby. Practising such situations prepares us for real-life events, it helps us work faster with increased knowledge and better understanding of what is likely to be involved - which in return, helps us secure evidence or rescue casualties effectively and efficiently.

“During the training we were given a talk on equipment - what is available for us to use and how the Coastguard can assist us with this equipment. It included items such as life vests, high-powered lighting to light up a scene, safety helmets, and a large supply of first aid equipment. But what became most apparent was the Coastguard’s invaluable expertise and knowledge of the local cliffs and coastline - they know every inch.

“The Coastguard Rescue Service is made up predominantly of volunteers and we cannot thank them enough for the work they do to assist us and the public on a daily basis.”

Senior Coastal Operations Officer, Adam Turner, said “These joint training exercises are a great opportunity to show other services our equipment, our capabilities and to gain an awareness of each other’s responsibilities. It is also a chance for us to work together in a training environment so that when we respond to an emergency together we are better prepared”.

Posted on 21 June 2016 at 09:58am in News stories
