```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-11-08T16:25:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are appealing for the driver of a taxi to come forward who may be able to assist them with an ongoing investigation.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Taxi-Westborough-300x230.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to trace taxi driver in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-trace-taxi-driver-scarborough/
title: Appeal to trace taxi driver in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-trace-taxi-driver-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2017 at 04:25pm

Police in Scarborough are appealing for the driver of a taxi to come forward who may be able to assist them with an ongoing investigation.

The driver is not suspected of any crime, but officers need to speak to them to help piece together the movements of a woman passenger they believe was picked up by the taxi in Scarborough in the early hours of 29 October 2017.

The woman was on an evening out in the town and became separated from her friends. The police were contacted after she found herself in a property but cannot remember how she got there. It is not clear at this stage, if any crime has been committed.

The woman, who is in her early twenties, was wearing a black top, skirt and knee length boots.

Officers would also like to speak to anyone who spoke to a woman at the bus shelter. She was waiting at the bus shelter for a while after becoming separated from her friends and spoke to a number of people.

The bus shelter is described as the bottom Bus Shelter on Westborough. It was the weekend prior to Halloween and quite busy with a lot of people out and about.

Officers have contacted all known taxi companies in Scarborough but the driver has not been identified.

The taxi driver and anyone who recalls talking to a woman between 12.40am and 2.05am at the bus shelter is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to the Scarborough Serious Crime Team.

Please quote reference number 12170193984 when passing on any information.

Posted on 8 November 2017 at 04:25pm in News stories
