```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-21T16:56:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-21T16:55:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened in the Spar Shop on Main Street on Sunday 20 January 2019 between 8.30pm and 9pm when a\_suspect entered the shop and produced a knife with a red handle/blade before demanding a member of staff empty the till and hand the contents to him. No-one was injured in the incident . The [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery at Cross Hill&#039;s shop - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-at-cross-hills-shop/
title: Appeal following robbery at Cross Hill's shop
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-at-cross-hills-shop/
```

Last modified: 21 January 2019 at 04:56pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in a shop in Cross Hills near Skipton.

The incident happened in the Spar Shop on Main Street on Sunday 20 January 2019 between 8.30pm and 9pm when a suspect entered the shop and produced a knife with a red handle/blade before demanding a member of staff empty the till and hand the contents to him. No-one was injured in the incident .

The offender was wearing a dark jacket, dark trousers and white trainers. He was also wearing a woolly type hat which seems to have been rolled down into a balaclava prior to committing the offence. The offender made off on foot from the store with an amount of cash.

A member of the public walked passed the front door to the Spar Shop wearing a white/light coloured coat as the offender left the store shortly after 8.45pm.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the offender or anyone who saw someone matching the suspect's description near to the Spar Shop on Sunday evening. We would also like to speak to the person wearing the white/light coloured coat as they may have important information that could assist the investigation.

Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC 1030 ROBINSON. You can also email Thomas.robinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190012176.

Contact details:
 Thomas Robinson \- #1030
thomas.robinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 1030
Incident reference:
 12190012176
Posted on 21 January 2019 at 04:55pm in Local appeals
