```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-20T11:14:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At some point between 7.30-8pm on Saturday 18 January 2020, offenders have gained access to the roof of the rear part of the store, to the back of the High Street. Roof tiles have been\_ removed, to gain access to the roof space area and the offenders have then dropped down, through a lower ceiling, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary at Boots in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-at-boots-in-skipton/
title: Appeal following burglary at Boots in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-at-boots-in-skipton/
```

Last modified: 20 January 2020 at 11:14am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at Boots on High Street, Skipton.

At some point between 7.30-8pm on Saturday 18 January 2020, offenders have gained access to the roof of the rear part of the store, to the back of the High Street.

Roof tiles have been removed, to gain access to the roof space area and the offenders have then dropped down, through a lower ceiling, into the main retail area on the ground floor.

A large quantity of men and women's bottled and boxed fragrances were then removed from the store.

Offender left via a ground floor fire escape, leading to the rear of the store and its believed into a waiting vehicle.

Police are appealing for information from anyone who was on the main Skipton High Street between 7.30-8pm, who may have been walking past the store and seen anything which raises their suspicions.

Police Constable Rich Sutcliffe, the officer in the case, said;

"The High Street would've been quite busy at that time on a Saturday evening, with members of public going to bars and restaurants.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in the area, who may have information which would assist our enquiries to get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who was on Coach Street or Canal Street, near to the Royal Shepherd pub, at around 7.45pm on Saturday night, who may have seen a vehicle leaving the rear of Boots, possibly at speed."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rich Sutcliffe. You can also email Richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200010182.

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

Date 18 January 2020

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ex 31728
Incident reference:
 121200010182
Posted on 20 January 2020 at 11:14am in Local appeals
