```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-27T13:28:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "During the misconduct hearing, the panel considered evidence regarding the officer\u2019s: &#8211; \_Failure to record allegations and comply with on-going duties of disclosure &#8211; \_Failure to follow up basic lines of enquiry in investigations &#8211; \_Failure to progress investigations in a timely way &#8211; \_Failure to disclose information according to schedules Following a seven day [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Outcome of DC Lane misconduct panel - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/outcome-dc-lane-misconduct-panel/
title: Outcome of DC Lane misconduct panel
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/outcome-dc-lane-misconduct-panel/
```

Last modified: 27 October 2016 at 01:28pm

On Tuesday 25 October 2016 a misconduct panel upheld allegations that DC Nick Lane of North Yorkshire Police had breached standards of professional behaviour in respect of duties and responsibilities and discreditable conduct. The panel determined that he should be given a final written warning.

During the misconduct hearing, the panel considered evidence regarding the officer’s:

- Failure to record allegations and comply with on-going duties of disclosure
- Failure to follow up basic lines of enquiry in investigations
- Failure to progress investigations in a timely way
- Failure to disclose information according to schedules

Following a seven day hearing, the panel, led by an independent Chair, found that a number of the allegations regarding the officer’s breaches of the standards of professional behaviour were substantiated. Some of these breaches were gross misconduct, and some were misconduct. However the panel also concluded that DC Lane’s individual failings were not due to a lack of personal integrity and that the organisational context at that time had been a factor.

Commenting on the outcome of the panel, the Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Tim Madgwick, said:

“In considering the evidence for this hearing, the panel acknowledged that the officer’s team had faced an unprecedented influx of work at the time in question, which had in turn created pressures on resources. The panel decided that this had had a bearing on DC Lane’s behaviour.

“One of the harsh realities of policing is that our workload isn’t entirely in our own control. We have to respond to the demand society creates, and at times that demand can be high, and the job can be difficult. Working in these circumstances, the actions of this particular officer clearly fell short of expectations, but it is important to remember that the vast majority of our officers do a thoroughly professional job, whatever the circumstances.

“We have, of course, taken note of the panel’s comments regarding the organisational situation that existed at the time under examination, which was several years ago. Since that time we have restructured our teams, and made several million pounds of investment in officers, resources and training, so our context is very different today.

“In accordance with the panel’s decision, DC Lane will remain at North Yorkshire Police under a final written warning. We will continue to provide the necessary support to ensure that this officer is able to carry out his duties fully and effectively.”

Posted on 27 October 2016 at 01:28pm in News stories
