```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:38:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-02T14:37:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two Polish brothers who were convicted of a number of offences in Harrogate have been deported from the UK by Immigration Enforcement.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Polish brothers deported from Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/polish-brothers-deported-harrogate/
title: Polish brothers deported from Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/polish-brothers-deported-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:38pm

Two Polish brothers who were convicted of a number of offences in Harrogate have been deported from the UK by Immigration Enforcement.

Jacek and Marek Olszewski were arrested and detained in November during a joint operation in Harrogate involving Immigration Enforcement and North Yorkshire Police. The pair were deported to Poland earlier this month.

Jacek, 37, and Marek, 41, were both involved in persistent criminality and antisocial behaviour, mainly in the Harrogate area. Their convictions include burglary, shoplifting and public order offences.

Immigration Enforcement officers had previously questioned both men about the purpose of their stay in the UK, and offered them the opportunity to return to Poland voluntarily. However, both refused to engage with the voluntary returns process.

Jacek entered the UK in 2008 and Marek in 2014. Their deportation means they are banned from re-entering the UK for ten years.

Anita Bailey, Deputy Director for Immigration Enforcement, said: "These two individuals have blighted the local community with their criminal behaviour. We will not stand by and allow this to continue.

"Foreign criminals who abuse their stay in the UK should know that we will take decisive action to ensure they are returned to their home country.

"We would always rather that people leave voluntarily. If they do not, we will enforce their departure."

Superintendent Mike Walker, North Yorkshire Police's County Commander which covers the Harrogate District, said: "The Olszewski brothers' criminal and antisocial behaviour has been utterly disgraceful and has had a detrimental impact on the quality of life in Harrogate.

"Following an intelligence-led operation by North Yorkshire Police and working in partnership with Yorkshire and Humber Immigration Enforcement, we have rightly been able to secure their deportation back to Poland.

"This shows the determination of North Yorkshire Police and Immigration Enforcement to use every available power to take action against foreign national criminals who cause significant problems in the UK, including those from countries within the European Union."

Ludwig Olszewski, brother of Jacek and Marek, was also deported by Immigration Enforcement in August last year.

Anyone with information about immigration abuse can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 anonymously or visit _http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org_.

**2 February 2015 - 4.10pm**

Posted on 2 February 2016 at 02:37pm in News stories
