```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-20T10:30:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-20T07:53:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On 13 January 2018, officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Rural Taskforce, and the RSPCA, attended a rural location in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire. Four men were arrested at the scene. A joint police and RSPCA investigation was launched, and the four men have been\_charged with offences under Section 8 of the Animal Welfare [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Image-1-12180007024.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Four men charged in &#039;cockfighting&#039; investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-men-charged-in-cockfighting-investigation/
title: Four men charged in 'cockfighting' investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-men-charged-in-cockfighting-investigation/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2018 at 11:30am

Four men have been charged with offences linked to cockfighting, as part of a joint investigation by North Yorkshire Police and the RSPCA.

On 13 January 2018, officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, and the RSPCA, attended a rural location in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire. Four men were arrested at the scene.

A joint police and RSPCA investigation was launched, and the four men have been charged with offences under Section 8 of the Animal Welfare Act 2008.

The men, aged 53, 31, 29 and 23, and from the Durham and Northumberland areas, have been charged with:

 * causing an animal fight to take place
 * keeping or training a cock for use in connection with an animal fight
 * without lawful authority or reasonable excuse, being present at an animal fight

The 29-year-old man has also been charged with keeping premises for use for an animal fight, and being present at an animal fight on other occasions.

All four will appear at Northallerton Magistrates Court in July 2018.

In addition, officers have released photographs of three other men they would like to speak to in connection with the investigation, as they may have important information.

Inspector Geoff Edmond, from the RSPCA, said: “Four individuals have been charged with animal welfare offences, however the wider investigation is ongoing.”

Sergeant Kevin Kelly, from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, added: “If you recognise these men, please contact North Yorkshire Police, as they may have important information that could assist the investigation. Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for the Rural Taskforce, or email ruraltaskforce@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, quoting reference number 12180007024.”

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Posted on 20 June 2018 at 08:53am in News stories
