```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-19T12:08:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-19T12:07:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Wellbeing is something that is very much on everyone\u2019s minds at the moment during the current coronavirus pandemic and national lockdown. Even if you are living in a happy and stable home, there are moments right now where life can feel tough. Even more the challenge if you find yourself living in lockdown with an [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/International-Mens-Day-2020.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: International Men&#039;s Day - highlighting male victims of domestic abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/international-mens-day-highlighting-male-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
title: International Men's Day - highlighting male victims of domestic abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/international-mens-day-highlighting-male-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 19 November 2020 at 12:08pm

Today is International Men’s Day, a day where we celebrate the positive value men bring to the world, their families and communities and raise awareness of men’s wellbeing.

Wellbeing is something that is very much on everyone’s minds at the moment during the current coronavirus pandemic and national lockdown. Even if you are living in a happy and stable home, there are moments right now where life can feel tough. Even more the challenge if you find yourself living in lockdown with an abusive partner or family member.

What’s that got to do with International Men’s Day though? It may surprise you to know that 1 in every 6 men in the UK will have experienced domestic abuse at some point in their lives.

The simple fact is anyone can be a victim of abuse and that includes men. It doesn’t have to be within an intimate relationship either; men can experience domestic abuse within family relationships. Men in all types of relationships, of all ages, all backgrounds, all races, all religions, all abilities, all professions can be affected by abuse.

We know that everyone who decides to make a report of domestic abuse has barrier to overcome – fear of repercussion, fear of what the future may hold or the criminal justice process. Men face those same barriers, but perhaps experience a further pressure from thinking that society will judge them as being weak for being in this situation and being a ‘victim’. The images we carry in our heads make us think that men should be strong, confident, dominant and able to defend themselves - definitely not a victim.

In reality we know that’s not the case. Men are human and can be vulnerable and just as likely to be subjected to physical, emotional, mental, sexual or financial abuse or be controlled through coercive and threatening behaviour. But there are a unique set of social pressures which stop many, many men from reporting abuse.

That’s why today, on International Men’s Day we want to try and remove some of the stigma that men who are living with abuse may feel and encourage them to come forward and report it to us.

Both our police officers and domestic abuse officers have a wide experience of helping many people from lots of different backgrounds. So please do not think we cannot help you because of your gender, or for that matter, because of your race, your religion, your sexual orientation, your age or if you are a transgender individual. We are here to help and safeguard everyone.

We realise that you may not be ready to come forward right now and make a report to the police, but that doesn’t mean help is not available. You can contact IDAS – www.idas.org.uk – on 03000 110 110 or take part in a live chat with them on their website every weekday from 3-6pm. Or you can contact the ManKind Initiative who are an agency dedicated to supporting male victims - www.ManKind.org.uk There’s also lots of other agencies who are standing by and ready to help you, details can be found on our website here www.northyorkshire.police.uk/DAsupport

The most important thing is to speak to someone and get some help and support – #YouAreNotAlone

Posted on 19 November 2020 at 12:07pm in News stories
