```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:52:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-26T12:52:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are carrying out extra patrols and urging cyclists in Harrogate to do their bit to improve security, after an increase in bike thefts in the town.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning to Harrogate cyclists after six bikes stolen in as many days - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-harrogate-cyclists-six-bikes-stolen-many-days/
title: Warning to Harrogate cyclists after six bikes stolen in as many days
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-harrogate-cyclists-six-bikes-stolen-many-days/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:52pm

Police are carrying out extra patrols and urging cyclists in Harrogate to do their bit to improve security, after an increase in bike thefts in the town.

In the last week alone, six cycle thefts have been reported in the Harrogate town centre area. That brings the total reported there since the start of April to 21.

The thefts are occurring across all times of day and night and cycles of a value ranging from a few pounds to a few thousand pounds have been targeted.

Additional Harrogate Police officers are carrying out targeted patrols to prevent and reduce cycle theft, but police officers are also urging residents to be on their guard and take extra precautions.

Inspector Alex Langley, of Harrogate Town Centre Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "The advice I would like to offer to cyclists is that parking your bike at the rear of your work premises may be the most convenient for you to get in and out of work - but is it the safest place for your bike?

"Often people feel that because they have bought a cycle lock that means their bike is secure and will not be stolen. Unfortunately, criminals have access to bolt croppers and wire cutters, and locking a bike to a fire escape in an isolated back street or private area only gives criminals more time and freedom to remove your lock and then make off unseen and unheard.

"If possible, always ensure your bike is secured inside a garage or shed, and do not risk leaving it unattended overnight."

Cyclists are being asked to follow three simple crime prevention measures:

 1. Always lock your bike when it is unattended.
 2. Ensure that you lock is fit for purpose and could not be simply snapped or pulled apart with minimal force.
 3. Think about where you are parking your bike. Would a thief be happy spending a few minutes sawing or cutting your lock in this area? If the answer is 'yes' then maybe you need to move to a more public place.

If you have any information about cycle theft, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**26 May 2016**

Posted on 26 May 2016 at 12:52pm in News stories
