```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-12T12:25:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Following success in the Clifton area of the city earlier this year, police are launching Operation Tansu in Osbaldwick. The operation brings a high-visibility police presence, extra patrols and targeted communications to provide reassurance and crime prevention advice to residents. Supported by Special Constables and Police Support Volunteers, officers and PCSOs from the York North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/11/PCSO-Mel-Parkin.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Data-driven operation launches in new part of York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/data-driven-operation-launches-new-part-york/
title: Data-driven operation launches in new part of York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/data-driven-operation-launches-new-part-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A police operation using sophisticated data analysis to tackle crime and the fear of crime is rolling out to a new part of York.

Following success in the Clifton area of the city earlier this year, police are launching Operation Tansu in Osbaldwick.

The operation brings a high-visibility police presence, extra patrols and targeted communications to provide reassurance and crime prevention advice to residents.

Supported by Special Constables and Police Support Volunteers, officers and PCSOs from the York North Neighbourhood Policing Team will be out and about in the Osbaldwick area on Sunday 13 and Monday 14 November.

Police have used street-level data available to the public sector which measures fear of crime, to identify that Osbaldwick would benefit from the focused operation. In addition, although York is a very safe city, officers have looked at annual trends in reported crime to determine the kinds of incidents where targeted communications would be most effective – including burglary prevention such as property marking and home security.

As well as the high-visibility police presence, officers will be at Osbaldwick Sports Club from 4pm to 8pm each day, with a dot peen property marking machine. Residents are invited to bring along valuable items of property such as laptops and bikes to have them security marked.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

PCSO Mel Parkin, of York North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Our previous operation was extremely well-received by residents, and so we are really looking forward to bringing the same approach to Osbaldwick. I would like to invite everyone to come along and meet us – whether you have property you would like marked, or you have any concerns you would like to raise.

“Thanks to our analysis of crime stats and other data available to us, we will be able to talk to the right people about the right issues, offering crime prevention advice and support where it will do the most good.”

During the first Operation Tansu deployment, which took place in September, crime prevention messages were delivered to more than 700 Clifton households, and 50 items of property marked using dot peen security marking machine. More than 50 local people also signed up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging service.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free system that lets people register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news in their neighbourhoods. People can register or download the app via www.nycm.co.uk.

To find out more about policing in York, follow your local team on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth and @snayorkwest, or on Facebook.

Posted on 12 November 2016 at 12:25pm in News stories
