```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:34:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-01T13:00:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is looking for 20 young people from the Scarborough area to join their second Volunteer Police Cadet (VPC) unit. The new unit is due to open in Scarborough in September following the success of the York unit - North Yorkshire Police&#039;s first ever VPC unit - which opened last year. Recruitment opens on 1 June and closes on 31 July 2016.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New cadet unit to open in Scarborough - young people wanted - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-cadet-unit-open-scarborough-young-people-wanted/
title: New cadet unit to open in Scarborough - young people wanted
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-cadet-unit-open-scarborough-young-people-wanted/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:34pm

North Yorkshire Police is looking for 20 young people from the Scarborough area to join their second Volunteer Police Cadet (VPC) unit. The new unit is due to open in Scarborough in September following the success of the York unit - North Yorkshire Police's first ever VPC unit - which opened last year. Recruitment opens on 1 June and closes on 31 July 2016.

The Volunteer Police Cadet scheme is open to girls and boys aged between 14 and 16 who live and study in the Scarborough area.

Temporary Inspector Martin McLachlan who is leading the scheme, said: "This is a great opportunity for young people in the Scarborough area to do something different. The aim of Volunteer Police Cadets is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship and increase self-esteem and confidence. It will also help to promote a practical understanding of policing among young people and aims to inspire them to participate positively in their communities.

"Over the past six months we have seen our York recruits go from strength to strength, they've made new friends, learnt new skills, worked as a team, helped their communities, but above all, they've had great fun."

After their first three months of initial training, cadets will take their oath at a passing out ceremony attended by family and friends. At this point, cadets are issued with their uniform.

During training nights, cadets will learn about policing duties, policing skills and basic law, as well as taking part in physical activity and drill.

Cadet nights take place on weekday evenings during school term time, but in addition to their weekly training nights, cadets will be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

As part of the scheme, cadets will also have an opportunity to complete their Duke of Edinburgh Award - including expeditions.

Although cadets are issued with a uniform they must provide their own black shoes.

Hear from the cadets themselves in our short video about what they enjoy about being a cadet.

For more information and to apply, please visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

If you have any questions, please email VPC@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

1 June 2016

Posted on 1 June 2016 at 01:00pm in News stories
