```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-02T15:41:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-03T00:01:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\u201CProviding an efficient and effective policing service for our communities is a crucial factor in keeping local people safe from harm and maintaining a high standard of living. \u201CThe efficient use of resources allows North Yorkshire Police to give each and every person who requires our support a tailored, caring and victim-led service, often under [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police response to &quot;GOOD&quot; HMIC PEEL efficiency 2016 inspection report - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-good-hmic-peel-efficiency-2016-inspection-report/
title: North Yorkshire Police response to "GOOD" HMIC PEEL efficiency 2016 inspection report
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-good-hmic-peel-efficiency-2016-inspection-report/
```

Last modified: 2 November 2016 at 03:41pm

Commenting on the report, Acting Deputy Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, of North Yorkshire Police, said:

“Providing an efficient and effective policing service for our communities is a crucial factor in keeping local people safe from harm and maintaining a high standard of living.

“The efficient use of resources allows North Yorkshire Police to give each and every person who requires our support a tailored, caring and victim-led service, often under the most difficult and distressing circumstances.

“It is therefore very pleasing that our efforts to continually improve have been recognised in the latest HMIC PEEL efficiency report, which has rated North Yorkshire Police as a ‘GOOD’ force which uses its resources well to keep people safe and to tackle crime.

“This is particularly so in the way we understand and manage a variety of demands using our now well-embedded ‘THRIVE’ model, based on assessing threat, harm, risk, investigation, vulnerability and engagement for every call for service.

“HMIC once again highlights North Yorkshire Police’s track record in delivering savings while investing smartly to protect local neighbourhood policing teams and enhance front-line services across the area.

“This includes key investments in setting up a Cybercrime Unit and mobile ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) technology to aid specialist teams, such as the Road Crime Team and the Rural Taskforce, to actively target cross-border and travelling criminals.

“The ‘Evolve’ collaboration project with Cleveland Police and Durham Constabulary has also been noted in the report, which has seen the development a shared Dog Support Unit between the three forces and, just this week, the launch of a joint Major Investigation Team with Cleveland Police.

“Opportunities to collaborate with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue are also being explored by the Police and Crime Commissioner and the force, with the aim to achieve further efficiencies in the use of buildings and back-office services.

“Overall, the HMIC report shows that North Yorkshire Police is delivering a high quality and efficient service for the people we are proud to serve.

“We are determined to keep improving with a clear focus on a sustainable and successful future.

“There will be no let-up in protecting North Yorkshire’s position as one of the very safest areas in the country.”

Posted on 3 November 2016 at 12:01am in News stories
