```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-31T09:34:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man who made off from police and crashed his car following the theft of high-value bicycles in Harrogate has been jailed.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man jailed for dangerous driving and handling stolen goods - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-dangerous-driving-and-handling-stolen-goods/
title: Man jailed for dangerous driving and handling stolen goods
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-dangerous-driving-and-handling-stolen-goods/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A man who made off from police and crashed his car following the theft of high-value bicycles in Harrogate has been jailed.

Anthony Stephen Copeland, 27, of Farnworth, Bolton, pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods, two counts of dangerous driving and possessing a class B drug at Manchester Crown Court.

He was sentenced to 15 and 8 months' imprisonment for the driving offences, and 15 months' for the handling offence, to run concurrently.

North Yorkshire Police traffic officers on routine patrol tried to stop Copeland's car in Harrogate in the early hours of Monday 17 November 2014. The car crashed into bollards and the driver made off on foot. Inside the car, officers found three bikes, worth about £2,750, which had been reported stolen from Harrogate the previous day. The bikes were returned to their rightful owner.

Extensive nationwide enquiries and media appeals were made to locate Copeland, and he was arrested in Manchester by officers from Greater Manchester Police on 27 January 2015 - having again failed to stop and crashing his vehicle.

DC Quita Passmore, of Harrogate CID, said: "I am pleased that Copeland has been handed a significant prison sentence that reflects the serious nature of his offending. This case highlights our commitment to tracking down and bringing offenders to justice, and residents can be reassured that we will relentlessly pursue criminals who travel to North Yorkshire intent on committing crime."

**31 March 2015**

Posted on 31 March 2015 at 09:34am in News stories
