```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:59:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-16T14:33:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: One of the boys, aged 15, was given a three year detention order and the other, a 16 year-old boy, was given a two year detention and training order. Police received a 999 call at around 2am on Friday 13 December 2019 to a burglary in progress at a residential address on Prospect Road, Northallerton. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two teens sentenced following aggravated burglary in Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-teens-jailed-following-aggravated-burglary-in-northallerton/
title: Two teens sentenced following aggravated burglary in Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-teens-jailed-following-aggravated-burglary-in-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:59pm

Two teens have been sentenced following an aggravated burglary in Northallerton.

One of the boys, aged 15, was given a three year detention order and the other, a 16 year-old boy, was given a two year detention and training order.

Police received a 999 call at around 2am on Friday 13 December 2019 to a burglary in progress at a residential address on Prospect Road, Northallerton.

The 33 year-old resident, who was at home with her five children, had opened her front door, after hearing a knock to find no-one there.

The family’s dog ran out the front door and down the side alley, adjacent to the house and was followed by the victim who was then struck on the head by a male carrying a hammer.

She was followed back into her home by the male who had just attacked her and was accompanied by another male who was carrying a knife and screwdriver.

The victim shouted to her 16 year-old son to call police whilst one of the males was shouting for money, drugs or “anything”. Both males, who were wearing all black and had their faces covered, then fled the scene, taking the victim’s coat with them.

Officers arrived at the scene within minutes. Another officer carrying out a search of the area located the two suspects matching the description given by the homeowner, after they ran away from her police vehicle.

One was carrying a rucksack which contained a number of items including a hammer, a kitchen knife, a white mask and the victim’s jacket and they were both arrested.

A police dog later located a kitchen knife, which had been thrown into a nearby garden by one of the two males.

After pleading guilty to one count of aggravated burglary the two teens, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, were sentenced at Teesside Crown Court on Friday 13 March.

Investigating Officer DC Karen Barugh of North Yorkshire Police's CID for Hambleton and Richmond said:

“Two teens have been jailed for their roles in an aggravated burglary, where they targeted a mother in her own home whilst her young children were sleeping.

“This was a truly horrifying ordeal for both the victim and her 16 year-old son who woke up to discover his mother covered in blood and being chased into their home by two masked males.

“I would like to praise the family for their bravery throughout the investigation and also praise my colleagues who responded on the night and whose actions were instrumental in our initial response, and the investigation that followed.

“We will continue to tackle burglaries and violent crime across the county and bring to justice those involved in this type of criminality.”

Posted on 16 March 2020 at 02:33pm in Burglary, News stories
