```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-24T11:56:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man from Steeton in West Yorkshire has been jailed for two months and banned from driving for six months after fitting a laser jammer to his car to block speed detection devices.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man jailed for perverting the course of justice after using speed detection jammer - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-perverting-the-course-of-justice-after-using-speed-detection-jammer/
title: Man jailed for perverting the course of justice after using speed detection jammer
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-perverting-the-course-of-justice-after-using-speed-detection-jammer/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A man from Steeton in West Yorkshire has been jailed for two months and banned from driving for six months after fitting a laser jammer to his car to block speed detection devices.

Nigel Patrick Stephenson, 65,of Ghyll Close, was also ordered to pay costs of £1,000.

Mr Stephenson previously pleaded guilty to two charges of perverting the course of justice:

On 4 August 2014, an officer operating North Yorkshire Police's mobile safety camera on the A59 near Kex Gill Farm picked up an error code and detected audible feedback from the safety camera when it was directed towards Stephenson's white Jaguar.

Four days later, on 8 August 2014, the same thing happened as Stephenson drove his Jaguar along the A629 at Crosshills near Keighley.

Both incidents were captured on video by the mobile safety camera and led officers to believe that the Jaguar had been fitted with a device to block speed detection.

Stephenson was arrested in October 2014 and when officers examined his Jaguar, they discovered the laser jammer fitted to the front of the vehicle. He was subsequently charged with two offences of perverting the course of justice.

The sentencing judge at Bradford Crown Court, His Honour Judge Rose, also ordered the destruction of the device along with the destruction of a Snooper device fitted to the dashboard, which alerted the driver to the presence of speed cameras.

Stephenson was issued with a caution for using a similar device in 2010.

PC Andy Forth of North Yorkshire Police's Mobile Safety Camera Team, said: "The sentence handed out to Mr Stephenson reflects how seriously the criminal justice system takes attempts to pervert the course of justice. Having previously been issued with a caution for a similar offence, Mr Stephenson chose to ignore that warning and believed he could cheat the laws that are made to protect road users. The result sends a clear message that North Yorkshire Police are determined to keep the roads as safe as possible and will use to technology to its full capacity to bring anyone found flouting the law to justice."

Posted on 24 February 2015 at 11:56am in News stories
