```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-31T08:14:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The multi-agency emergency flood response in York and North Yorkshire has been stood down now that the recovery phase of the operation is well underway.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Recovery phase underway in flood-hit areas of York and North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recovery-phase-underway-flood-hit-areas-york-north-yorkshire/
title: Recovery phase underway in flood-hit areas of York and North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recovery-phase-underway-flood-hit-areas-york-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

The multi-agency emergency flood response in York and North Yorkshire has been stood down now that the recovery phase of the operation is well underway.

The decision was taken this afternoon (31 December 2015, New Year's Eve) by the Strategic Co-ordinating Group chaired by North Yorkshire Police.

Partner agencies in the Tactical Co-ordinating Group - Silver Command - run from North Yorkshire Police's Force Control Room in York, will return to their organisations to get on with the recovery work from the severe flooding which hit York, Selby, Cawood, Tadcaster and Malton on Boxing Day and in the days that followed.

Assistant Chief Constable Ken Mcintosh said: "This has been an extremely challenging incident to deal with and I have nothing but praise for all the many agencies and volunteers involved who have worked so hard to protect life and property during the past week.

"While the emergency situation is now under control with the Environment Agency confirming the river levels and flood-hit areas no longer pose an imminent threat, the hard work will continue as we do everything in our collective power to return the affected communities to normality as quickly as possible.

"We share the heartache of those residents and businesses who have been hit hard by the flood water. It is a truly devastating experience and we want them to know that they are not alone. Help and support is available to them."

North Yorkshire Police will continue to carry out high-visibility patrols in the flood-hit areas to help keep homes and property safe and secure.

People are also urged to avoid potential tragedy by strictly abiding by the road and bridge closures put in place by City of York Council and North Yorkshire County Council.

Police in York and City of York Council are also asking people heading out into the city to celebrate New Year's Eve to drink responsibly and take extra care by keeping well clear of the rivers and flood water.

Jeremy Corbyn MP, Leader of the Labour Party, visited Silver Command earlier today (31 December) to meet staff from the various partner agencies involved in the flood response effort.

The latest road closures in York can be found at _www.itravelyork.info_ and for North Yorkshire _www.northyorks.gov.uk_

To keep up to date with the latest flood warnings and alerts, please visit _https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/map_

You can also follow @EnvAgencyYNE and #floodaware on Twitter for the latest updates. Or call the Floodline on 0345 9881188.

If you need to contact North Yorkshire Police for non-emergency matters, please call the 101 number which is now back in action.

In an emergency, always dial 999.

Posted on 31 December 2015 at 08:14am in News stories
