```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-21T09:53:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-20T16:42:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A 31 year old woman from Pannal near Harrogate, pleaded guilty to drink driving at Harrogate Magistrates\u2019 Court today. The woman was stopped by officers on the A658 near Knaresborough just after 1am on December 8. When they carried out breath tests, she blew 41ug/100ml. The legal limit is 35ug. Magistrates ordered her to pay [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Harrogate woman fined more than \xA31,000 and banned for drink driving - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-woman-banned/
title: "Harrogate woman fined more than \xA31,000 and banned for drink driving"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-woman-banned/
```

Last modified: 21 December 2018 at 09:53am

A motorist has been fined more than £1,000 and banned from the roads for a year after she was arrested during North Yorkshire’s Christmas drink and drug driving campaign.

A 31 year old woman from Pannal near Harrogate, pleaded guilty to drink driving at Harrogate Magistrates’ Court today.

The woman was stopped by officers on the A658 near Knaresborough just after 1am on December 8. When they carried out breath tests, she blew 41ug/100ml. The legal limit is 35ug.

Magistrates ordered her to pay £1,038 in costs, with £85 costs and a £103 victim surcharge.

They also banned her from driving for 12 months.

North Yorkshire Police officers are currently taking part in a county-wide drink and drug driving campaign, with stop checks taking place around the clock. They are also using intelligence to target known offenders.

Speaking after the hearing, Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said this year’s North Yorkshire campaign highlights the fact that everyone can play a role in preventing drink driving.

“It might be by keeping an eye on mates when they’re out having a drink, or ordering them a taxi and making sure they don’t get behind the wheel if you think they’ve had one too many,” he said

“Preventing them from driving in the first place could well save a life. Alternatively it could be by sharing information with us about someone who is drink or drug driving so we can stop a tragedy before it happens.

“We see the horrific consequences of drink or drug driving first-hand. If you saw what we see, you’d definitely report a drink or drug driver.”

More than 70 drivers have been arrested since the campaign began on December 1, and more than 20 have now had court dates set.

Posted on 20 December 2018 at 04:42pm in News stories
