```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T09:42:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-22T09:42:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Thornton-in-Craven.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses sought for attempted burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-attempted-burglary/
title: Witnesses sought for attempted burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-attempted-burglary/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 09:42am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Thornton-in-Craven.

It happened at a property on The A56 Colne and Broughton Road in the centre of Thornton-in-Craven between 00:15 and 09:15 on Tuesday 21st April 2015.

The front window of the property being damaged to try and gain entry. The window has been cracked and the beading surrounding the window pane has been removed in order to remove the glass from the window. The offender(s) have been unsuccessful in this attempt and have not gained entry into the home.

We are conducting enquiries and asking for any information that could assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the offender(s). Please contact North Yorkshire Police if you heard or saw anything suspicious between 00:15 and 09:15 whilst in or travelling through Thornton-in-Craven.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC83 Wil Moyle. You can also email william.moyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number: 12150065196

22 April 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150065196

Posted on 22 April 2015 at 09:42am in News stories
