```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-04T16:17:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-04T16:12:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "But before it gets to the stage where a victim takes the courageous decision to pick up the phone and reach out and seek help \u2013 they have to first recognise that they are being subjected to abuse. When the term \u2018domestic abuse\u2019 is used, many people think of a violent incident between a man [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Anyone can be a victim of abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/anyone-can-be-a-victim-of-abuse/
title: Anyone can be a victim of abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/anyone-can-be-a-victim-of-abuse/
```

Last modified: 4 May 2020 at 05:17pm

Domestic abuse is something we have all heard a lot about recently in the news. Due to the COVID-19 health crisis and ongoing lockdown, charities, agencies and police forces are closely monitoring the reports they are receiving and looking at different ways support can be offered to victims, to keep them as safe as possible during these challenging times.

But before it gets to the stage where a victim takes the courageous decision to pick up the phone and reach out and seek help – they have to first recognise that they are being subjected to abuse.

When the term ‘domestic abuse’ is used, many people think of a violent incident between a man and a woman who are, or previously have been, in an intimate relationship. While it would be correct to say this most common report of abuse that is made to police, it’s certainly not the only type of domestic abuse report made.

Abuse is not just physical; it can take many forms – such as emotional, mental, sexual, financial as well as the use of coercive, domineering behaviour to control someone. Just as abuse can manifest itself in many ways – it can also occur in many different types of relationships, irrespective of age, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, socio-economic status or background.

Abuse can occur in same-sex relationships, transgender relationships, relationships between family members such as parents and children, elderly or disabled people and those who care for them. It is not exclusive to those who are in, or have been in an intimate relationship.

For example:

 * You may be an individual who identifies as LGBTQ+, who has returned home to isolate with family members who do not support your sexuality and they are being emotionally and mentally abusive to you
 * Or you may be an elderly person who is living with extended family members who may be controlling you financially or by access to your medication
 * Or perhaps you are being subjected to honour-based abuse by extended family members
 * You may be a person with a physical disability who is being sexually or physically abused by a carer
 * Or a parent who is being emotionally or physically abused or threatened by your adolescent child

**All** of these are examples of domestic abuse and North Yorkshire Police want to know about all types of incidents, so help and support can be offered and victims can be immediately safeguarded from those inflicting the abuse.

Speaking about the range of services that can support victims from all backgrounds, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder said:

“Our Safeguarding Team has a wide experience of supporting and helping victims from all different types of backgrounds, who have sadly suffered abuse in many types of situations. They are here, ready and standing by to help anyone who is living with the fear of abuse.

“Working in partnership with a number of different agencies such as social care, health services, prevention services, housing services and community safety partnerships, the team can ensure that not only are victims appropriately safeguarded, but the perpetrators of the abuse are also effectively managed. They also work closely with a number of agencies and charities who understand a victim's individual circumstances and experiences, and can offer bespoke support services to help them to move forward with their lives.

“No matter what situation you are in, if you are suffering at the hands of an abusive partner or family member – please contact police. You can make a report via 101 or if you are in immediate danger always dial 999 and we will be there to help you.

“If you are not yet ready to contact us, then please know there are a number of agencies and support services who understand your situation are here to help you. Visit our website www.northyorkshire.police.uk/DAsupport for a list of agencies who are waiting for your call.”

Posted on 4 May 2020 at 05:12pm in News stories
