```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:50:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-16T13:49:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A reward of up to \xA35,000 is being offered through the charity Crimestoppers for information on the aggravated burglary of a family in North Yorkshire."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Crimestoppers offers reward of up to \xA35,000 for information on aggravated burglary in Askham Richard - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crimestoppers-offers-reward-5000-information-aggravated-burglary-askham-richard/
title: "Crimestoppers offers reward of up to \xA35,000 for information on aggravated burglary in Askham Richard"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crimestoppers-offers-reward-5000-information-aggravated-burglary-askham-richard/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:50pm

A reward of up to £5,000 is being offered through the charity Crimestoppers for information on the aggravated burglary of a family in North Yorkshire.

The incident, which occurred around 7.50pm on Monday 26 January this year, saw three men in balaclavas break into the property brandishing knives and hammers, before they searched the home in Askham Richard, near York, leaving with jewellery, cash and the keys to a white Mercedes E-Class convertible.

The suspects then left the scene in the Mercedes, which was later found abandoned on Haggs Lane near the village of Colton.

The family, who were at home at the time of the burglary have been deeply affected by the incident, saying almost nine months on, they still struggle to stop their children from feeling scared in their own home.

The children's mother, who wants to remain anonymous, said: "The three men that chose to walk into my home and had me, my children and my husband at knife-point, have no idea of the aftermath they have left us with.

"Our dog has also been affected following the physical attack on him after he was kicked from wall to wall. He finds it hard to handle anyone who comes into our home.

"The fact that these boys - and I say boys as they were not men - chose to enter our home when the children were present, makes them beyond heartless!

"They also took my late mum's pendant which meant the world to me. It was a citrine pendant with pearls around it on gold belcher chain in a white, "Ogden's of Harrogate" jewellery box. I have issued a photograph of it in the hope that someone recognises it and has the heart to contact the police.

"We have now chosen to put a reward and we urge anyone to come forward with any information they may have seen or overheard so that we can attempt to move on with our lives."

The three suspects are described as all white, the first one being of stocky build, 5ft 10in tall, weighing approximately 16 stone, aged in his mid to late 20s and was wearing a black, full-face balaclava, he also had bulging eyes.

The other two suspects are described as one around 6ft tall and one around 5ft 8in, both aged in their early twenties, both of skinny build and both were wearing full-face balaclavas.

Officers have issued CCTV of a sliver Vauxhall Corsa that they believe is connected to the burglary and are appealing to anyone who either saw it in the area at the time or can help identify the occupants or owner of the vehicle, to make contact.

A reward of up to £5,000 is now being offered through Crimestoppers for information leading to the recovery of the stolen goods and the arrest and conviction of the three men responsible for this crime.

Gemma Wilson, Yorkshire Regional Manager for Crimestoppers, said: "This family has gone to hell and back during this ordeal and the fact young children were present makes this an even bigger nightmare for them.

"I'd ask anyone who may have been in the area at the time of this burglary to contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 if you have any information, no matter how small, safe in the knowledge nobody will know you spoke to us."

If you have any information on this aggravated burglary then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

16 October 2015

Posted on 16 October 2015 at 01:49pm in News stories
