```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-12T16:33:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The three-day misconduct hearing, led by an independent, legally-qualified Chair, was held at North Yorkshire Police\u2019s HQ at Newby Wiske.\_ It was attended by members of the media. At the hearing PC Southgate admitted to five allegations of misconduct against him.\_ The panel decided that two of these allegations constituted gross misconduct.\_ The allegations were [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Outcome of misconduct hearing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/outcome-misconduct-hearing-2/
title: Outcome of misconduct hearing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/outcome-misconduct-hearing-2/
```

Last modified: 12 October 2016 at 04:33pm

Today (12 October 2016) a disciplinary panel upheld allegations of misconduct and gross misconduct against PC Paul Southgate of North Yorkshire Police.

The three-day misconduct hearing, led by an independent, legally-qualified Chair, was held at North Yorkshire Police’s HQ at Newby Wiske. It was attended by members of the media.

At the hearing PC Southgate admitted to five allegations of misconduct against him. The panel decided that two of these allegations constituted gross misconduct. The allegations were that:

 * He used inappropriate language in reference to a female colleague (gross misconduct)
 * Contrary to his duties and responsibilities, he failed to accept lost property from a member of the public, suggesting that they keep it (misconduct)
 * He failed to attend to take a statement as part of an investigation (misconduct)
 * He used racist language in reference to a member of the public (gross misconduct)
 * He did not pursue investigative action following a domestic incident (misconduct)

During the hearing, the panel heard that PC Southgate had given good service to the community for the vast majority of his career as a police officer. He had not been known to make racist comments on any other occasion, and had received a letter of thanks from a member of the public praising his sensitive handling of a case of racist abuse.

Having considered all the evidence, including the past record of the officer, the panel concluded that whilst the officer’s behaviour could in no way be condoned, he should be given a final chance to address the failings in his conduct. It was therefore decided that he should be given a final written warning, but will remain in post.

Commenting on the result, Temporary Deputy Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said: “Poor professional standards, and sexist or racist attitudes have no place in the police service. The fact that these matters were taken to an independently-chaired panel is an indication of how seriously we view this type of misconduct. It is for the panel to determine what happens as a result of a misconduct hearing, and they have decided that this officer should receive a final written warning, but remain in post. He will continue to serve, and we will ensure that all our officers take heed of the message from this hearing.”

Posted on 12 October 2016 at 04:33pm in News stories
