```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-05-18T15:49:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: NYP is calling for the public to join the Force in supporting a campaign for a new UK Police Memorial to commemorate fallen colleagues.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Memorial-at-the-NMA-cropped-300x255.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Force calls for public to support campaign for new UK Police Memorial - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-calls-public-support-campaign-new-uk-police-memorial/
title: Force calls for public to support campaign for new UK Police Memorial
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-calls-public-support-campaign-new-uk-police-memorial/
```

Last modified: 18 May 2017 at 03:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is calling for members of the public to join the Force in getting behind a campaign to raise funds for a new UK Police Memorial to remember officers and staff who fall in the line of duty.

The proposed new UK Police Memorial will be built at the National Memorial Arboretum

Along with other police services across the country, North Yorkshire Police has pledged to support the Memorial project, which will be built at the National Memorial Arboretum near Lichfield in Staffordshire, home to more than 330 memorials.

The UK Police Memorial is planned for completion in 2019, and its design will incorporate the names of more than 1800 police officers and staff who died from injuries they received in the course of lawful duty since the service began. Names of fallen colleagues from North Yorkshire will be amongst them.

Commenting on the project, Chief Constable Dave Jones of North Yorkshire Poice, said:

“It takes a special sort of person to put themselves in harm’s way to protect others, but that is what members of the police family do every day. Tragically, some lose their lives in the line of duty, and this memorial will honour their courage, dedication and sacrifice.

“There is a police memorial in London, but this new structure at the National Memorial Arboretum will be a permanent place of remembrance that anyone can visit year round.

“Just last month we saw officers and thousands of members of the public line the route of the cortege for the funeral of PC Keith Palmer, who was murdered in the terrorist attack on Westminster. It was humbling to see that public show of support, and a reminder to our officers, staff and volunteers that people recognise the work they do to protect communities. That matters so much to those who work for the police.

“As a Force we’re proud to support the UK Police Memorial project, which will be a tribute to those who have died doing their duty, and I hope that members of the public will also get behind the fundraising campaign.”

The UK Police Memorial will cost £4m to build, and half of the funds have already been raised. Anyone wishing to donate to the UK Police Memorial can visit www.ukpolicememorial.org

Posted on 18 May 2017 at 03:49pm in News stories
