```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:23:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-04T13:55:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers have received a number of reports in recent days of people knocking on doors and asking for food and drink, or offering \u2018handyman\u2019 services in exchange for payment. PC Colin Baker, of Selby Police, said: \u201CMost people who call at your home will be genuine. But sometimes, people turn up unannounced, with the intention [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/08/APR_0668-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bogus caller warning for Selby village - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bogus-caller-warning-selby-village/
title: Bogus caller warning for Selby village
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bogus-caller-warning-selby-village/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:23am

Police in Brayton are urging residents to be vigilant against bogus callers.

Officers have received a number of reports in recent days of people knocking on doors and asking for food and drink, or offering ‘handyman’ services in exchange for payment.

PC Colin Baker, of Selby Police, said: “Most people who call at your home will be genuine. But sometimes, people turn up unannounced, with the intention of tricking their way into your home. They are known as ‘bogus callers’ or ‘distraction burglars’, whose only aim is to get into your home by distracting you to steal money or valuables.

“Rogue traders also regularly travel large distances to commit their offences, often preying on older and vulnerable residents. They use high-pressure sales techniques, and their work is often sub-standard or not required at all.

“Although these reports in Brayton may be people genuinely offering their services, it is advised that if you are in need of any home improvements then only reputable firms should be contacted.

“Under no circumstances should you invite unknown people into your home. Remember – if you’re not sure, don’t open the door. If you have any concerns, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.”

For more information about distraction burglary and rogue trading – including simple crime prevention advice which you can share with friends and family – visit the North Yorkshire Police website at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/boguscallers.

Anyone with information that could lead to the arrest of any doorstep offender or rogue trader should ring North Yorkshire Police on 101 or call Crimestoppers, the national charity, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 4 August 2017 at 02:55pm in News stories
