```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-20T13:52:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 17 volunteer police officers from North Yorkshire Police have been honoured at a long service ceremony for their dedication and commitment to North Yorkshire&#039;s communities after providing more than 262 years of service between them.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/02/17-specials-262-years.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 17 Special Constables honoured for 262 years of policing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/17-special-constables-honoured-for-262-years-of-policing/
title: 17 Special Constables honoured for 262 years of policing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/17-special-constables-honoured-for-262-years-of-policing/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

17 volunteer police officers from North Yorkshire Police have been honoured at a long service ceremony for their dedication and commitment to North Yorkshire's communities after providing more than 262 years of service between them.

View image

North Yorkshire Police's Special Constabulary long service and good conduct ceremony was held on Tuesday 17 March 2015 at North Yorkshire Police's headquarters in Newby Wiske. The officers were presented with their awards, known as medals and bars, by Chief Constable Dave Jones.

He said: "Our Special Constables deserve every bit of recognition for their selfless commitment in helping to keep North Yorkshire safe.

"We have heard some very inspirational background stories and I am truly humbled by the length of service that the officers have built up. Free time is very valuable, especially with today's busy lifestyles and I would like to thank both the officers and their families for the sacrifices they have made, giving up their own time to support policing in North Yorkshire.

"I am very proud that we have such professional and dedicated Special Constables making such a huge contribution to society."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: "Being a Special Constable is one of the most challenging and rewarding voluntary roles possible. Specials form a really important part of the policing family in North Yorkshire, and I know from my own experience how valued they are by both police officers, and their local communities.

"I want to thank all Special Constables for their time and dedication, but especially these 17 officers for their combined service of 262 years. I also want to thank their families and friends who have provided them with the support that has allowed them to serve our communities for so long."

The officers received their awards for periods of service that ranged from nine years to an amazing 38 years.

**Among those receiving awards were:**

**Special Constabulary Chief Officer Jerry Holland, who leads the Special Constabulary for North Yorkshire Police, was honoured for his 38 years ' service to policing ahead of his retirement in April.**

Jerry became a special in 1974 when he joined Sussex Police. He served in West Mercia before joining North Yorkshire Police in 1981. Taking into account gaps in service, his special career has spanned 41 years. He now jokes that he is one of a few officers who can boast having a warrant card _and_ a bus pass in his wallet.

Jerry was driven to become a special constable during the IRA's mainland bombing campaign as he wanted to do something practical to help the police.

Jerry's service includes policing at some of the most high profile events and incidents North Yorkshire Police has ever dealt with, including the visit of Pope John Paul II to York in 1982, numerous royal visits, a bomb that exploded outside a York book shop in response to the publication of Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses, and he was on duty when triple killer, Barry Prudom murdered PC David Haigh. Other stand-out moments for Jerry include the policing of the National Police Memorial Day in York in 2012 and last years' Grand Depart.

**Special Inspector Raffi Aghanian, who is based in Scarborough, received an award for 19 years ' service **

Raffi joined North Yorkshire Police on 20 April 1995 and has received numerous awards and commendations during his exemplary service. He juggles his Special Constable's duties with working as a machine operator and taking part in numerous sporting events. He has represented Police Sport UK at a national level at Judo and completed a number of gruelling ironman triathlon events.

He recently completed the College of Policing's Special Constabulary Leadership Programme and has proved an exceptional role model and mentor to both specials and regular officers alike.

**Special Constable Richard Barker, who is based in Richmond, received an award for nine years ' service **

Richard has been based in Richmond since joining North Yorkshire Police and juggles his policing duties with studying Forensic Science. He has been singled out for praise by a member of the public who wrote to the force thanking Richard for the way he dealt with public order in Richmond market place. He was also praised for administering cardiopulmonary resuscitation on a man who fell from his cycle after suffering a heart attack.

Richard joined the Special Constabulary to gain experience in policing, learn from colleagues, adapt his life skills to the policing environment and serve the communities of North Yorkshire.

**Special Sergeant Chris Brogden, based in Harrogate, received an award for nine years ' service**

**** Chris joined the Special Constabulary because it would be challenging, rewarding and give him job satisfaction.

As well as supporting his regular colleagues in the Harrogate area with a wide variety of duties, Chris has dealt with serious incidents in the Ripon and York area, and recently turned out at short notice to search for a young woman who had been reported missing in York. His actions were greatly appreciated by his regular colleagues who value his commitment.

Chris is a sales executive by day and juggles his special duties with his day job and family life.

**Special Constable David Dunn, based in the Craven area, received an award for 19 years ' service **

Teacher Dave joined the Special Constabulary because he was interested in the work of the police, wanted to gain some experience and work with the public to make communities safer.

He was initially based in Harrogate and transferred to the Craven area in 2006. He has supported his regular colleagues on a wide variety of operational duties over the years from high visibility reassurance patrols to resolving violent public order incidents.

**Special Constable Steve Hodges, based at York, received an award for nine years ' service**

Steve has been a Special Constable since May 2005 and is a key member of the York team, regularly giving up his Friday night to police the city centre and last year contributed 300 hours to policing in York.

Over the years Steve has been involved in a wide range of incidents, including the rescue of a man from the River Ouse, the detention of a man who was threatening officers with a baseball bat, and administered live-saving first aid at the scene of the serious road collision. He can often be found policing events in York such as the Remembrance Day parade and last year's Grand Depart.

In his day job, Steve works for the National Trust and is looking forward to his next nine years of voluntary service in the Special Constabulary.

**Special Sergeant Zoe Hodgkin, based at York, received an award for 19 years ' service **

Zoe joined the Special Constabulary the day after her 21st birthday and was posted to Acomb Police station where she served for 12 years. Zoe quickly built up her skills and became a regular volunteer with the response teams covering the South Bank area of York, often working up to 100 hours per month after her paid employment had finished for the day.

In 2006 Zoe moved to Fulford Road police station where she has taken on more community policing and the responsibility as primary organiser of specials' support for major events in the city including the National Police Memorial Day when she organised 70 Special Constables from across North Yorkshire Police and a further 10 from neighbouring forces to help police the event.

Zoe balances her role as a Special Sergeant, overseeing a team of 12, with family life and her job at North Yorkshire Police as a Special Constabulary Liaison Officer.

**Special Constable Jemma Kettlestring, based in York, received an award for nine years ' service**

Jemma joined North Yorkshire Police in October 2005 and is based at Fulford Road police station.

During her service, Jemma has assisted with the rescue of a man from the River Ouse, and has supported motorcycle safety campaigns by providing media interviews on a subject very close to her heart. Jemma has also worked on numerous warrants operations with partnership agencies.

Jemma juggles her special constable duties between caring for her family and playing a vital role as a full time Communications Controller in North Yorkshire Police's Control Room where she has also worked for the past nine years.

Jemma has recently taken on a key role as an assessor for new student Special Constables and also uses her own time to familiarise other Special Constables with the role of the Force Control Room.

**Special Sergeant Ryan McCaffrey, based at Richmond, received an award for nine years ' service **

Ryan is a dedicated member of the Special Constabulary and goes beyond the call of duty, impressing his regular colleagues with his professionalism and confidence.

He has been praised for handling various incidents, including one while he was off duty and driving home, that led to the arrest of a drunk driver who was charged with several offences, another when he apprehended a burglary suspect, and an incident involving two suspects for the theft of a vehicle. Ryan works for North Yorkshire Police as a Communications Controller in the Force Control Room at York.

**Special Sergeant Paul Mason received an award for 19 years ' service **

Paul joined the specials because he wanted to make a positive contribution to his local community. He has completed all of his service at Harrogate although he has assisted with policing initiatives across the Force. He has been involved with running a number of successful local initiatives primarily dealing with anti-social behaviour and licensing issues.

In June 2007 Paul was nominated for the Lord Ferrers' Award as a result of his work with the Safer Neighbourhood Team and in particular his professionalism in engaging with people and partnerships. In the last couple of years Paul has become a College of Policing Assessor and now assists with the special constabulary recruitment assessment process.

When he is not helping to keep North Yorkshire safe, Paul runs his own business.

**Special Inspector Kenneth Sedman, based at Selby, received a medal for nine years ' service**

Kenneth is a well respected member of North Yorkshire Police and has built up excellent relationships with all colleagues across the force. He leads a dedicated team at Selby who consistently achieve outstanding numbers of duty hours.

In his early years, his hours of duty were extensive, often putting his duty as a special constable before family life. He is reliable and consistent with strong team ethics, leading from the front and sets very high standards.

Kenny recently received a Chief Constable's commendation for saving someone's life after they tried to commit suicide. He recently completed the standard three-week driving course, one of only two special constables across the force who are now qualified to drive police vehicles to patrol and respond to incidents.

**Special Constable Nadine Walker, based in Richmond, received an award for nine years ' service**

Nadine joined the special constabulary to improve the quality of life for the local community. Throughout her service Nadine has completed a wide variety of duties in Richmond including high visibility reassurance patrols, events and initiatives. Nadine is now keen to become involved with the Safer Neighbourhood Team and engage with the public and local partnerships on a more proactive basis.

Nadine juggles her policing duties with family life and her job as a Special Educational Needs Support Assistant.

**Special Constable Anthony Williams, based in Richmond, received an award for 19 years ' service**

Tony joined the Special Constabulary to obtain the training, experience and confidence necessary to deal with all aspects of rural crime.Throughout his service Tony has supported his regular colleagues at Richmond with high visibility reassurance patrols, public order patrols and local initiatives. Tony now dedicates a lot of his time working on rural initiatives such as Border watch and an operation to target the illegal use of National Parks by off road motorcycles and 4x4s.

Other officers receiving awards include one officer who has dedicated an impressive 29 years to voluntary policing.

**Acting Special Chief Inspector Neil Williams, who covers York and Selby, received an award for 19 years ' service **

**** Neil joined the force in 1995 and has served the majority of his career at Selby. Under Neil's leadership Selby specials have been the top performing team in the force and have taken responsibility for policing a wide range of events and activities including policing Selby's night time economy. They have also offered support to other areas across the force.

A former miner, Neil has worked for the Mines Rescue Service for many years and his commitment to the community also included running the youth club in his village for a number of years. Neil contributes around 45 hours of his own time each month to policing in North Yorkshire.

Posted on 20 March 2015 at 01:52pm in News stories
