```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-27T12:04:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Five people were arrested as Operation Hawk officers targeted rural crime hotspots and major road networks used by travelling criminals.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Op_Hawk_-_26_February_2015_-_Copy.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrests as Operation Hawk swoops on travelling criminals - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrests-as-operation-hawk-swoops-on-travelling-criminals/
title: Five arrests as Operation Hawk swoops on travelling criminals
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrests-as-operation-hawk-swoops-on-travelling-criminals/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Five people were arrested as Operation Hawk officers targeted rural crime hotspots and major road networks used by travelling criminals.

The hard-hitting 'day of action' yesterday saw suspected stolen property recovered, Class A drugs seized and a suspected drink driver taken off the road.

In addition, a total of 47 vehicles were stopped, and a number of fixed penalty notices issued for offences including mobile phone use, no insurance, no seat belt, no MOT, speeding and lighting offences.

The operation covered the Craven, Richmond, Catterick Garrison, Stokesley, Thirsk and Easingwold areas of North Yorkshire, and ran from 9am on 26 February into the early hours of this morning.

Three men were arrested on the M1 near Garforth after reports of two shop thefts in Pickering and Kirkbymoorside. Officers seized 83 bottles of spirits with a value of about £1,500, as well as boxes of medication and a quantity of meat from their vehicle.

A man was also arrested in Skipton on suspicion of drug possession - around £20 worth of Class A drugs was seized.

And a suspected drink driver was taken off the roads, after failing a breath test in Croft-on-Tees.

There was a also a valuable contribution by Country Watch volunteers, who worked alongside police officers to deter rural crime.

Operation Hawk is our campaign to tackle rural and cross-border crime, and is already showing results: there were 5,709 incidents of rural crime in North Yorkshire in 2014, down from 6,341 in 2013.

A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said: "Criminals coming to North Yorkshire are finding that it is very difficult to get in and out again without us catching them or knowing they have been here.

"Travelling criminals and local law-breakers should take note, the tough stance shown during yesterday's Operation Hawk day of action will continue. North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in the country and we are determined to keep it that way."

https://youtube.com/watch?v=kg_Boqdv7aA%3Frel%3D0

Members of the public can help Operation Hawk by reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

For ongoing updates about Operation Hawk, follow the #OpHawk hashtag on Twitter.

Posted on 27 February 2015 at 12:04pm in News stories
