```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:53:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-03T16:53:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 19 suspected stolen dogs are looking for new homes after they were seized by police as part of an ongoing investigation in the Selby area.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dogs need homes as police investigate theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dogs-need-homes-police-investigate-theft/
title: Dogs need homes as police investigate theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dogs-need-homes-police-investigate-theft/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:53pm

19 suspected stolen dogs are looking for new homes after they were seized by police as part of an ongoing investigation in the Selby area.

Officers originally seized 23 dogs, however some have been returned to their rightful owners. The remaining dogs are being cared for by Woodhaven Kennels in South Milford. They are either not microchipped or their owners have not come forward to claim them.

The owner of a property in Kelfield near Riccall, contacted the police after the animals were abandoned there.

PC Sarah Ward of Selby police, said: "Ideally we would like to reunite the dogs with their rightful owners, but the difficulty is that many have not been microchipped and if they have, their owners have not come forward to collect them.

"The dogs have not necessarily been stolen from the North Yorkshire area, they could have been taken from the surrounding areas or anywhere in the country. There is no suggestion that any of the dogs have been mistreated and our investigation relates only to alleged theft and fraud offences. Due to the ongoing investigation, we are only able to release limited information at this stage."

The local dog warden and the RSPCA assisted officers with scanning the dogs and transporting them to their temporary home.

If you believe you are the owner of one of the dogs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Sarah Ward.

Please quote reference number 12150163657 when calling.

If you are interested in adopting one of the dogs, please contact the kennels direct on 01977 685404. Vetting procedures will be carried out before any of the dogs are handed over.

A woman aged in her 50s from Howden has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released on police bail. A second woman is assisting the police with their enquiries.

To view all the dogs, please visit our Facebook page Facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice

3 November 2015

Posted on 3 November 2015 at 04:53pm in News stories
