```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-03T10:42:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-03T12:00:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: PC Shawn Jagger, formerly a response officer in Scarborough &amp; Ryedale, was dismissed without notice on Thursday 2 July after a four day misconduct hearing chaired by the legally qualified independent chair Mr G Sydenham. The hearing took place in private for the protection of public health. PC Jagger faced the allegation that he breached [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Officer dismissed without notice following misconduct hearing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officer-dismissed-without-notice-following-misconduct-hearing/
title: Officer dismissed without notice following misconduct hearing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officer-dismissed-without-notice-following-misconduct-hearing/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2020 at 11:42am

A North Yorkshire Police officer has been dismissed from the force after a misconduct hearing concluded that he breached the standards of professional behaviour.

PC Shawn Jagger, formerly a response officer in Scarborough & Ryedale, was dismissed without notice on Thursday 2 July after a four day misconduct hearing chaired by the legally qualified independent chair Mr G Sydenham. The hearing took place in private for the protection of public health.

PC Jagger faced the allegation that he breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour in relation to Discreditable Conduct. It was concluded that the allegation was proven and that PC Jagger’s behaviour amounted to gross misconduct.

PC Jagger met a vulnerable female after she reported an incident of domestic violence via 999 on 4 February 2017. PC Jagger then commenced a relationship with the vulnerable female between 1 June 2017 and 9 November 2017 which involved him having sexual contact with her.

PC Jagger was dismissed without notice and his name will be added to the Police Barred List.

Speaking about the dismissal Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain said: “The behaviour of PC Jagger is absolutely unacceptable and falls far below the standards of professional behaviour which the public and his colleagues expect. Abuse of position for a sexual purpose is abhorrent and will not be tolerated. I recognise and applaud the bravery of the victim in coming forward to provide the evidence needed to enable the immediate dismissal of PC Jagger.”

The notice of outcome from Mr G Sydenham is published here.

Posted on 3 July 2020 at 01:00pm in News stories
