```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:36:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-22T14:51:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers marked tools and other building equipment in the grade II-listed Groves Chapel in York using North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Dot peen security system. York-based PC Toby Gorwood and PCSO Jason Brooks visited the 130-year-old church in Clarence Street, which is currently being converted to a supermarket. PC Gorwood said: \u201CDot peen marking is one of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/08/Chapel-3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police in security marking scheme visit disused Victorian chapel in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dot-peen-chapel/
title: Police in security marking scheme visit disused Victorian chapel in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dot-peen-chapel/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:36am

A property marking scheme that has seen police attend allotments, golf clubs and supermarkets has taken officers to their most unusual venue yet – a disused Wesleyan chapel.

Officers marked tools and other building equipment in the grade II-listed Groves Chapel in York using North Yorkshire Police’s Dot peen security system.

York-based PC Toby Gorwood and PCSO Jason Brooks visited the 130-year-old church in Clarence Street, which is currently being converted to a supermarket.

PC Gorwood said: “Dot peen marking is one of the most effective ways to protect your possessions, and this work adds to the huge number of items around York that have already been marked, including bikes, electronic devices, equestrian items, farm equipment and more.

“Our job takes us to some really interesting and unusual places, and it was a privilege to catch a glimpse inside this beautiful old building before it changes.

“It also enabled us to mark a large number of power tools in one go. Tools are valuable items, and unfortunately they are popular with thieves who can sell them on relatively easily.

“Using Dot peen makes them far easier to trace, recover and return to their rightful owners.”

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number.

The unique number is entered onto the national Immobilise property register database. The dot peen machines in York were funded by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, and Safer York Partnership.

For more information, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen. Drop-in sessions for members of the public are promoted in the local press and on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen, via the local team accounts @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth and @snayorkwest.

Any businesses or organisations in York interested in getting their property marked should contact their local police team by dialling 101 and selecting option 2.

Posted on 22 August 2017 at 03:51pm in News stories
