```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-14T08:49:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police made 16 arrests over the weekend (12/13 December) as part of Operation Attention, their ongoing campaign to get drink and drug drivers off the roads.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 16 drink and drug driving arrests made over the weekend. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/16-drink-drug-driving-arrests-made-weekend/
title: 16 drink and drug driving arrests made over the weekend.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/16-drink-drug-driving-arrests-made-weekend/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police made 16 arrests over the weekend (12/13 December) as part of Operation Attention, their ongoing campaign to get drink and drug drivers off the roads.

Shockingly 12 arrests were made on Sunday alone, with one 67 -year-old man returning a alcohol reading of 92 - the third highest reading seen so far in this campaign, over two and a half times the legal limit.

Another worrying statistic was the number of drug driving arrests made this weekend. Of the 16 arrests made - a quarter were for drug driving.

This brings the total number of arrests made to 48 in just over two weeks of the campaign. A breakdown of the results so far:

 * 13 drug driving related
 * 35 drink driving related
 * 8 arrests made where alcohol levels were more than double the legal limit.
 * Highest reading so far - 141 - four times the legal limit. (Provided by a 44-year-old woman arrested in S'boro)
 * 40 men arrested.
 * 8 women arrested.
 * 10% arrests - charged with failed to provide.

Commenting on the progress of Operation Attention so far, Sgt Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said "The weekend's activity shows that if people choose to break the law and drive under the influence of drink or drugs - we are out in force and waiting to catch them. We are determined to remove drink and drug drivers from the roads, so that they don't pose a danger to law-abiding motorists."

"If you are going out to have a drink, please ensure you have thought about how you will get home at the end of the night - leave your car at home."

"We continue to appeal to members of the public that if they know of someone driving under the influence of drink or drugs - please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or report anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111."

Posted on 14 December 2015 at 08:49am in News stories
