```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-26T10:59:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The latest incident happened at around 8pm on Saturday 25 January on the A629 at Cononley. It involved a white VW Polo, which was travelling from the direction of Skipton towards Crosshills, and a white BMW X1 which was travelling in the opposite direction. The fire and rescue service used cutting equipment to free the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following second fatal RTC near Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-second-fatal-rtc-near-skipton/
title: Witness appeal following second fatal RTC near Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-second-fatal-rtc-near-skipton/
```

Last modified: 26 January 2020 at 10:59am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a second serious road traffic collision in two days near Skipton.

The latest incident happened at around 8pm on Saturday 25 January on the A629 at Cononley.

It involved a white VW Polo, which was travelling from the direction of Skipton towards Crosshills, and a white BMW X1 which was travelling in the opposite direction.

The fire and rescue service used cutting equipment to free the occupants of both vehicles.

A 19-year-old man who was a passenger in the VW Polo was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The 19-year-old male driver of the VW was admitted to Leeds General Infirmary with serious injuries, where he remains critical. The other passenger in the VW, an 18-year-old male, was taken to Airedale Hospital with life changing injuries.

The driver of the BMW, a 63-year-old man, and his two passengers, a 63-year-old woman and a girl aged seven, were taken to Airedale Hospital with minor injuries.

The road was closed for eight hours while police examined the scene and we would like to thank everyone who stopped to help.

We are appealing for witnesses or anyone who may have dashcam footage of the incident. If you have any information which may assist this investigation please call 101 and ask for Andrew Ingram.

You can also email andrew.ingram@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 1220001437.

Posted on 26 January 2020 at 10:59am in News stories
