```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:58:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-09T11:09:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Between 4.45pm and 5.15pm \_on Wednesday 4 March, burglars\_forced open a rear window of a property on York Road and carried out a search of every room in the house. A large quantity of jewellery, some of which had been marked with the word \u2018Bramwell\u2019, was stolen. Police investigating the burglary have released images of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/03/Capture-3.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after 86 year-old&#039;s jewellery of &#039;great sentimental value&#039; stolen in Riccall burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-86-year-olds-jewellery-of-great-sentimental-value-stolen-in-riccall-burglary/
title: Appeal after 86 year-old's jewellery of 'great sentimental value' stolen in Riccall burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-86-year-olds-jewellery-of-great-sentimental-value-stolen-in-riccall-burglary/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:58pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after jewellery of 'great sentimental value' was stolen during a burglary in Riccall.

Between 4.45pm and 5.15pm on Wednesday 4 March, burglars forced open a rear window of a property on York Road and carried out a search of every room in the house.

A large quantity of jewellery, some of which had been marked with the word ‘Bramwell’, was stolen.

Police investigating the burglary have released images of some of the stolen jewellery and are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police Constable David Fulford, of Selby Police, said: “The 86 year-old victim was understandably devastated to return to her home, which had only been unattended for half an hour, to discover it had been burgled.

“The stolen items of jewellery had great sentimental value having been handed down to the victim from her grandparents and an investigation is underway to identify those responsible.

“I would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and saw or heard any suspicious activity or has any information, CCTV or dash-cam footage to assist my enquiries.

“We have released images of some of the stolen jewellery and would urge anyone who comes across similar items of jewellery for sale in unusual circumstances to get in touch.”

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. You can also email David.Fulford@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200038123 when providing any information.

For more information on keeping your home and belongings safe visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Posted on 9 March 2020 at 11:09am in Burglary, News stories
