```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T08:54:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Station Road/Lendal Bridge at around 12:10pm on Monday 15 August 2016 and involved a woman cyclist who was knocked from her bike when the passenger door of a vehicle opened as she passed. She suffered severe bruising to her leg and arm as a result of the incident. It is believed a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeals for witnesses to RTC - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeals-for-witnesses-to-rtc/
title: Appeals for witnesses to RTC
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeals-for-witnesses-to-rtc/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police in York are appealing for witnesses and information after a cyclist was injured by a vehicle in York.

It happened on Station Road/Lendal Bridge at around 12:10pm on Monday 15 August 2016 and involved a woman cyclist who was knocked from her bike when the passenger door of a vehicle opened as she passed.

She suffered severe bruising to her leg and arm as a result of the incident.

It is believed a number of people were in the area at the time and came to the cyclist's assistance, however, no contact details were exchanged.

Officers are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anyone who stopped to help and anyone who can help in identifying the vehicle involved, to come forward.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1116 Amy Foster.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160151317.

The emergency services were not called at the time of the incident. It was reported to North Yorkshire Police on 18 August.

Contact details:
 Amy Foster \- #1116
amy.littledyke@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160151317
Posted on 22 August 2016 at 08:54am in Local appeals
