```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-06T16:06:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-08T05:00:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Twenty pupils from North Yorkshire join the local police force for a work experienc week with a difference.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Pupils take part in innovative police work experience week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pupils-take-part-in-innovative-police-work-experience-week/
title: Pupils take part in innovative police work experience week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pupils-take-part-in-innovative-police-work-experience-week/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2019 at 05:06pm

It's work experience - but not as you know it! Twenty young people from across the county are joining North Yorkshire Police this week as part of a unique “work experience” initiative.

Over the course of five days, the young people will visit the Force Control Room to see where 999 and 101 calls are taken, take part in a police fitness test, and get the inside story from police officers and staff about working in crime scene investigation, cyber-crime, police recruitment and a range of other roles.

PC Andrew Collinson is the Schools Liaison Officer at North Yorkshire Police, and he explains the rationale behind the scheme:

“As a Force we are inundated with requests for work experience, but because of the nature of the work we do, and the security involved, it is difficult for us to offer actual hands-on opportunities. Two years ago we had a think about what we could do instead, and decided we could showcase particular aspects of the service, and have police officers, staff and volunteers talk about their jobs and experiences. We ran a pilot in the Hambleton and Richmondshire area, which was hugely successful, so this year we opened it up across North Yorkshire for the first time.”

Back in February, North Yorkshire Police used social media to invite young people living and in education in North Yorkshire to apply to join the work experience week. To be considered, applicants had to write 250 words explaining what policing meant to them. North Yorkshire Police received more than 200 eligible applications (plus dozens more from people outside the area) for the 20 places on offer – exceeding the Force’s expectations for take-up.

Says PC Collinson:

“We’re delighted with the response, and it should be a great week. The group will get to see what we do, and perhaps challenge their perceptions about what policing is about. From the Force’s perspective this is part of a wider strategy about reaching out to younger members of our community, building understanding and perhaps even inspiring some of them to become the next generation of police officers and staff.”

Posted on 8 July 2019 at 06:00am in News stories
