```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T12:59:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-25T12:58:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a garage burglary that occurred in Catterick Village.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of motorbikes from Catterick Village - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-motorbikes-catterick-village/
title: Theft of motorbikes from Catterick Village
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-motorbikes-catterick-village/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 12:59pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a garage burglary that occurred in Catterick Village.

It happened at Pallett Hill in Catterick Village between 6pm on Wednesday 23 and 3pm on Thursday 24 December 2015, and involved the theft of two motocross bikes and two men's mountain bikes.

The two motorbikes are very distinctive. One is a Yamaha YZ250 in blue and white and the other is a Honda CR500 in red with gold rims. A frame number is on the Honda, JH2PE0203HC602485. The two men's mountain bikes are a GT in chrome and a Diamond Back in black and white.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspicious persons or vehicles seen in the area between the dates and times in question.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1841 Asa Donovan. You can also email asa.donovan@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150227958.

**25 December 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150227958

Posted on 25 December 2015 at 12:58pm in News stories
