```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-05T08:27:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-05T08:24:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Sunday 24 June 2018 saw 336 emergency\_999\_calls come into the FCR, with 14 being received in just 15 minutes. Calls to\_101\_also followed a similar pattern, with 596 being dealt with by call handlers. For comparison, New Year\u2019s Eve 2017 saw 397 emergency\_999\_calls and 544 non-emergency\_101\_calls being made to police. The increasing demand picture, which started [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 999 or 101? Police issue advice after the number of 999 calls taken on one Sunday in June approach New Year&#039;s Eve levels - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-or-101-police-issue-advice-after-the-number-of-999-calls-taken-on-one-sunday-on-june-approach-new-years-eve-levels/
title: 999 or 101? Police issue advice after the number of 999 calls taken on one Sunday in June approach New Year's Eve levels
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-or-101-police-issue-advice-after-the-number-of-999-calls-taken-on-one-sunday-on-june-approach-new-years-eve-levels/
```

Last modified: 5 July 2018 at 09:27am

The number of 999 and 101 calls made to police continues to remain at unprecedented levels, with the number of calls received by the Force Control Room on one Sunday in June being equivalent to what the force would expected for New Year’s Eve.

Sunday 24 June 2018 saw 336 emergency **999** calls come into the FCR, with 14 being received in just 15 minutes. Calls to **101** also followed a similar pattern, with 596 being dealt with by call handlers.

For comparison, New Year’s Eve 2017 saw 397 emergency **999** calls and 544 non-emergency **101** calls being made to police.

The increasing demand picture, which started in the summer of 2017, seems to be continuing with the number of **999** calls received in June averaging over 250 a day, a 4.25 % increase on the same month last year.

Non-emergency calls are also following the same pattern, with an average of 670 **101** calls being received a day, 110 call backs requested and nearly 400 calls receiving assistance from the operator service.

Despite the leap in call numbers, the Force Control Room are coping with the pressure. Figures for June 2018 show **999** calls being answered in an average of 8.3 seconds and average **101** call waiting times currently standing at 2 minutes and 46 seconds.

In anticipation of levels increasing even further over the summer months, the force have launched a series of short animations, which feature real life scenarios that the FCR have received **999** calls about. It’s hoped the animations will provide guidance for the public on when to contact police and which number to call.

The short films will be shared across the force’s website, Facebook page and Twitter account throughout the summer.

Speaking about the current level of calls, Chief Inspector Charlotte Bloxham said:

“The ongoing demand on the Force Control Room shows no signs of slowing and we now regularly receive in excess of 300 emergency **999** calls and 700 non-emergency **101** calls a day. Our call handlers and systems are handling the pressure well though, with emergency calls being taken within an average of 8.3 seconds and non-emergency calls answered in an average of 2 mins 46 seconds.”

Commenting on the short films, Control Room Manager Jane Larkin said:

"We hope that the animations give the public some help and guidance on when to call **999** or **101** , so they can make the right call at the right time.

“It’s vitally important that we are able to answer **999** calls in times of real emergency and send help soon as possible. Unfortunately we regularly take calls via the **999** number that are not genuine emergencies, such as an example shown in one of the short animations where someone dialled **999** to ask for a lift after missing their train. This call could of delayed a genuine life or death emergency getting through to us. Please help us to help you and only dial **999** in a genuine emergency.”

The animations will be featured on the force’s Facebook page - http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice/ Twitter account @NYorksPolice and website over the summer months - www.northyorkshire.police.uk /999or101

Posted on 5 July 2018 at 09:24am in News stories
