```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:23:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-25T12:11:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage that occurred in Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following recent criminal damage to a caravan in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-criminal-damage-caravan-selby/
title: Appeal following recent criminal damage to a caravan in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-criminal-damage-caravan-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:23am

Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage that occurred in Selby.

It happened on Friday 22 September 2017 at around 1.45pm when a brick was thrown over the rear garden fence at a property on Volta Street, breaking a window on the caravan. at approx. 1345 hours and the

Two women and one man were seen by the garden fence and then walking away from the area and into the park in the back alley of Volta street and then walk off towards Barwic Parade.
The first woman is described as white, about 17 to 18 years of age, 5ft to 5ft 2″ tall, of slim build, with long dark straight hair. She was wearing grey skinny jeans and trainer pumps.

The second woman described as white, about 17 to 18 years of age, of heavy build and has long dark hair and was seen wearing a black school leavers jumper. The man is described as white about 18 to 19 years old, 5ft 11″ to 6 ft tall and of slim build and with light brown short hair. He was wearing a green bomber jacket and was with a push bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Julia Allen. You can also email Julia.Allen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170170137

Date 24 September 2017
***************************************

Contact details:
 Julia Allen \- #989
Julia.Allen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170170137
Posted on 25 September 2017 at 01:11pm in Local appeals
