```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-11T13:24:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-11T13:02:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; Taking place between Saturday 13 to Saturday 20 October, the campaign seeks to target victims and communities to reinforce the message that there is #NoPlaceForHate in North Yorkshire and emphasises the importance of reporting hate crime. Hate Crime is a criminal act motivated by a prejudice towards an individual. A hate crime incident is [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/10/Slide3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police encourages victims and communities to report crime throughout National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2018 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-encourages-victims-and-communities-to-say-no-to-hate-crime-throughout-national-hate-crime-awareness-week-2018/
title: North Yorkshire Police encourages victims and communities to report crime throughout National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2018
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-encourages-victims-and-communities-to-say-no-to-hate-crime-throughout-national-hate-crime-awareness-week-2018/
```

Last modified: 11 October 2018 at 02:24pm

North Yorkshire Police is encouraging victims and communities to report hate crime as part of National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2018.

Taking place between Saturday 13 to Saturday 20 October, the campaign seeks to target victims and communities to reinforce the message that there is #NoPlaceForHate in North Yorkshire and emphasises the importance of reporting hate crime.

Hate Crime is a criminal act motivated by a prejudice towards an individual. A hate crime incident is an act of prejudice which may not break the law but may still be reported and recorded.

Between April 2018 and September 2018, 292 hate crimes were reported in North Yorkshire at an average of 48.6 per month. In comparison, 171 hate crimes were reported between April and September the previous year in 2017 at an average of 28.5 per month.

North Yorkshire Police wants to encourage anyone who is a victim of hate crime to report it. The force is also seeking to reinforce the message that it’s not just victims of hate crime who can report it. Communities can play their part too, and stop the damaging effects of hate crime by reporting any incidents witnessed.

If you are a victim of Hate Crime, or have any information that you can provide so as to protect others, however insignificant it may seem, contact us on 101 or if it's an emergency, always call 999.

Alternatively, if victims or witnesses do not wish to speak to the police, organisations True Vision at report-it.org or Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire on 01609 643 100 or by email help@suportingvictim.org can be contacted for further advice and support.

Speaking about the campaign Superintendent Mark Khan, lead in force for hate crime said:

“Our message is clear - to target hate at a person because of their race, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender is a crime.

“It is not political correctness gone mad – it is a real crime that can have a devastating impact upon individuals and communities.

“Hate Crime is about prejudice – prejudice against a person which can cause significant distress and harm. Often, victims are too scared to “stand up for themselves”.

“Whether you are a victim of hate crime, or have witnessed a hate crime incident in North Yorkshire, we would urge you to report it, no matter how insignificant it may seem via 101 or 999 in an emergency.

“If you do not wish to speak to the police, contact Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire or visit True Vision who can both be contacted confidentially and can offer support and advice.

“The most important thing is to not accept this behaviour and not let it hide within our communities - report it. By reporting it, we can stop it.”

Hate crime is not isolated to verbal or physical abuse. It can also involve vandalism, criminal damage, graffiti or arson, cyberbullying, offensive communications, threats of attack or financial exploitation. All of these incidents can be reported to police.

Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire’s elected Police and Crime Commissioner, says:

"Many people will think that hate crime is not a serious problem for North Yorkshire. In fact, in many respects, the opposite is true. We have less diversity in our County than in many police force areas which may lead to some individuals and communities feeling particularly isolated. We need to encourage them to come forward, report the crime they have been a victim of and get the support they need and deserve.

"I have recently given the 'Supporting Victims' service authorisation to not just provide support for victims of hate crime but also to enable victims to report the hate crime, without having to go to the police. This is just the latest change I have made as Police and Crime Commissioner to make sure residents are safe and supported at the most difficult of times.”

A number of events are taking place across the region to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week including:

 * Tuesday 16 October, 11am – 2pm - Information advice and signposting - Promotion of Supporting Victims as a “report and support” service; North Yorkshire Youth Commission (NYYC) to promote recommendations from peer research and talk to students about the themes; NYYC to be supported by Sarah Elliott, Youth Officer. York St John University (in the Holgate Reception/Foyer).
 * Thursday 25 October, 11am – 12pm - Hate Crime Signposting in North Yorkshire (Richmondshire) by Stop Hate UK in partnership with North Yorkshire PCC. To book a place click here.
 * Monday 12 November, 11am – 12pm - Hate Crime Signposting in North Yorkshire (York) by Stop Hate UK in partnership with North Yorkshire PCC. To book a place click here.
 * Thursday 22 November, 11am – 12pm - Hate Crime Signposting in North Yorkshire (Craven) by Stop Hate UK in partnership with North Yorkshire PCC. To book a place click here.

If you are a victim of hate crime, or have witnessed a hate crime incident in North Yorkshire, we would urge you to report it, no matter how insignificant it may seem via 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, if victims or witnesses do not wish to speak to the police, organisations True Vision | report-it.org or Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire | 01609 643 100 | help@suportingvictim.org can be contacted for further advice and support.

For more information about hate crime visit northyorkshire.police.uk/hatecrime

Posted on 11 October 2018 at 02:02pm in News stories
