```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-30T12:20:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-30T10:59:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Xanthe Tait has been appointed Director of Evolve Collaborative Legal Services for the Evolve collaboration programme.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police service &quot;Evolves&quot; with new appointment - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-service-evolves-new-appointment/
title: Police service "Evolves" with new appointment
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-service-evolves-new-appointment/
```

Last modified: 30 January 2017 at 12:20pm

Xanthe Tait, formerly the Chief Crown Prosecutor for North Yorkshire and a senior prosecutor at the Crown Prosecution Service, has taken up a new role as Director of Evolve Collaborative Legal Services for the Evolve Programme.

The Evolve Programme is a collaboration between Cleveland, Durham and North Yorkshire Police services. It aims to save money and provide a better service to the public by identifying areas where the three Forces can work together.

As Director of Evolve Collaborative Legal Services for Evolve, Ms Tait will be responsible for developing plans to bring together the legal teams and associated departments within Cleveland, Durham and North Yorkshire into a collaborative service. The Police and Crime Commissioners and Chief Constables of the three Evolve Forces will make a decision on whether to go ahead with the plans once they are completed, which is likely to be some time next year.

Whilst at the Crown Prosecution Service, Xanthe Tait led a number of significant restructuring projects and initiatives within the CPS, and she is enthusiastic about using her experience in the new role. She said:

“The legal environment is changing and this is a great opportunity to make sure that the legal teams in Cleveland, Durham and North Yorkshire have the set-up and the support to deal with those changes.

"There are many talented and dedicated people working in police legal services, and I’m looking forward to working with them to see how we can create a single service that is fit for the future, and that does the job that each individual Force and PCC needs it to do.”

Commenting on the appointment, Julia mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said:

"This appointment marks the latest way in which we are working with neighbouring forces through the Evolve programme to give the public the best possible service and achieve value for our money.

"We have already improved resilience in our front-line operations through collaboration on our dogs section and major investigations.

"Collaboration around our legal department demonstrates the possibilities for further efforts to join up our back-office functions, and I will continue to look for areas where we can make savings to reinvest where they are most needed.”

Posted on 30 January 2017 at 10:59am in News stories
