```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:00:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-08T13:57:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Students from schools across our region raised the roof once more at the third North Yorkshire Police Rock Challenge event at the Barbican in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Rock-300x200.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police Rock Challenge event raises the roof - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-rock-challenge-event-raises-roof/
title: North Yorkshire Police Rock Challenge event raises the roof
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-rock-challenge-event-raises-roof/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:00pm

Students from schools across our region raised the roof once more at the third North Yorkshire Police Rock Challenge event at the Barbican in York.

Students from schools across our region raised the roof once more at the third North Yorkshire Police Rock Challenge event at the Barbican in York.

The dance, drama and design spectacular is a nationwide event that combines healthy lifestyles with creative thinking whilst encouraging young people to stay away from drugs, alcohol and tobacco.

Teams from Boroughbridge High, Graham School from Scarborough, St Francis Xavier from Richmond, Welburn Hall in Kirkbymoorside and York High performed eight-minute pieces set around a theme of their choice for the opportunity to represent North Yorkshire at the Rock Challenge Northern Open Finals in July at the Grimsby Auditorium.

The schools arrived at the Barbican early in the morning of Friday 4 March, and were given time to rehearse their performances and to attend a series of workshops designed to complement the ethos of the event.

North Yorkshire Police firearms officers talked about gun and knife crime and the dangers of carrying a weapon, while the NHS Clinical Commissioning Group for Hambleton, Richmondshire and Whitby hosted a relaxation workshop led by Michelle Atkin, the Communications and Engagement lead for the group. The session was specifically designed to help young people to cope with the stress and pressure they may experience in their school, work or home environment. The Vale of York Clinical Commissioning Group ran a workshop asking young people to look at the issues surrounding their emotional and physical wellbeing.

The foyer of the Barbican was transformed into an "information marketplace" where York MIND, Healthwatch and Change 4 Life were on hand to chat with the young people and to provide them with literature and advice on various topics.

The evening was then kicked off by Burton Green Primary School with their performance on sport and the importance of working as a team. Then, one by one, the competing schools took to the stage and performed pieces dealing with issues as varied as the effects of industrialisation on global warming; dreams and nightmares; and a re-telling of Peter Pan. This year's event saw a number of sponsors attend including North Eastern Hairdresser of the year Jill Watkins-Wright, Hiscox, Shepherd Group, Virgin Trains East Coast, Hambleton and Richmondshire Community Safety Teams, Safer York and The High Sheriff of North Yorkshire.

Following the judges' deliberation, first place was awarded to Graham School and they were presented with their gold-framed disc and certificate by the Deputy Lieutenant of North Yorkshire Dr Paul Shepherd.

Second place went to Boroughbridge High and they were presented with their award by Tim Madgwick, the Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police.

PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer for the force, who organised the York event, said: "The performances were excellent this year and it was evident that the staff and students had put in a great deal of hard work.

"Rock Challenge isn't just about the performances; it's about reinforcing the message that young people don't need drugs and alcohol to feel good about themselves. This event helps to build their confidence, increase their resilience and to be the best they can. They should all be very proud of what they have achieved."

**8 March 2016**

Posted on 8 March 2016 at 01:57pm in News stories
