```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-03T12:15:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Following a successful pilot in York starting in January 2017, Operation Encompass has now been adopted by almost every school across North Yorkshire and the City of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Encompass continues to protect children affected by Domestic Abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-encompass-continues-to-protect-children-affected-by-domestic-abuse/
title: Operation Encompass continues to protect children affected by Domestic Abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-encompass-continues-to-protect-children-affected-by-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 3 August 2018 at 01:15pm

Following a successful pilot in York starting in January 2017, Operation Encompass has now been adopted by almost every school across North Yorkshire and the City of York.

Operation Encompass is a joint initiative which involves North Yorkshire Police (NYP) and the Safeguarding Children’s Boards for the City of York and North Yorkshire, working together to ensure appropriate safeguarding and support is provided to children caught up in incidents of domestic abuse.

The initiative works by safeguarding Officers from NYP referring incidents of Domestic Abuse to identified key adults in schools, where a child between the ages of four and eighteen years of age has been directly involved, or has been a witness during the domestic incident. This is done every day across North Yorkshire, prior to the start of the following school day. This is completed so that pastoral support can be given to the child.

So far this year, more than 600 Operation Encompass referrals have been made across the county.

T/Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, Head of Safeguarding at North Yorkshire Police, said;

“It is crucial that police and other safeguarding agencies take action like this. We must continue to do everything we can to protect those who are vulnerable in our society. Children are all too often the unseen victims of domestic abuse and the impact upon them can be significant and long lasting.

“Six hundred and forty three referrals have been made so far in 2018 under Operation Encompass. This demonstrates the initiative is working and support is being provided, however we cannot say this is a positive thing. The figure means that more than six hundred children across our county have been exposed to domestic abuse and there is nothing at all good about that.

“We will continue to work with schools and other safeguarding agencies to make sure we can protect as many children as possible who are suffering unnecessarily as a result of domestic abuse but we also want to encourage victims to come forward and seek our help, in order to prevent further harm. We have specially trained officers who will do everything they can to protect you and your family”.

Simon Westwood, Independent Chair of the City of York Safeguarding Children Board, added;

“Children are often the hidden victims of domestic abuse. They wrongly often feel a responsibility to protect a parent or carer.

“Operation Encompass enables schools to provide early support for children and young people while other agencies intervene to tackle the abuse.

“A full evaluation of Operation Encompass will take place but we know already that children and families are finding it easier to talk about the domestic incidents with teachers.

Children's Services Manager for IDAS, Amanda Flanagan also welcomes the scheme, saying;

“Operation Encompass provides a further opportunity for IDAS’ children’s team to talk about domestic abuse with staff and pupils in schools and colleges.

“Through our innovative Safe Futures project, we offer a range of tailored support services to schools, colleges, children and young people.

“Working in partnership with the police, we have raised awareness about the effects of domestic abuse on children and young people and enabled school and college staff to support children to get the help through IDAS’ children’s team.”

Anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse is urged to call 101, press 1 and speak to the force control room. If you are in immediate danger then dial 999.

##### If you do not want to speak to the police about domestic abuse then you can call the Independent Domestic Abuse Service on 03000 110 110 or visit https://www.idas.org.uk/

Posted on 3 August 2018 at 01:15pm in News stories
