```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-26T16:12:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-26T16:10:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Phase two of the operation saw around 40 officers from North Yorkshire Police target a number of addresses across Harrogate where they arrested three women and eight men. &nbsp; Members of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team also delivered letters explaining what was going on to local people who may have been concerned by the increased police [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/02/Arrest-1-1024x811.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Phase 2 of Operation Jackal - a major investigation into county lines drug dealing in Harrogate brings total arrests to 17 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/phase-2-of-operation-jackal-a-major-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-harrogate-brings-total-arrests-to-17/
title: Phase 2 of Operation Jackal - a major investigation into county lines drug dealing in Harrogate brings total arrests to 17
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/phase-2-of-operation-jackal-a-major-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-harrogate-brings-total-arrests-to-17/
```

Last modified: 26 February 2020 at 04:12pm

25 February saw another 11 people arrested as part of Operation Jackal - our major investigation into county lines drug dealing in Harrogate - bringing the total arrests so far to 17.

Phase two of the operation saw around 40 officers from North Yorkshire Police target a number of addresses across Harrogate where they arrested three women and eight men.

##### Members of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team also delivered letters explaining what was going on to local people who may have been concerned by the increased police presence as officers carried out arrests in their neighbourhoods.

The Harrogate phase of the operation follows on from phase one on 11 February that saw six suspects arrested in Bradford on suspicion of supplying class A drugs in Harrogate. We worked with West Yorkshire Police, the National Crime Agency, the Yorkshire and Humber Regional Organised Crime Unit and the National County Lines Coordination Centre in a joint operation to execute six warrants across Bradford.

Method of entry officer at the scene of one of the warrants

The following week, we took civil action to take over and close down three key drug supply mobile phone lines that were advertising drugs for sale in Harrogate. The takeover gave us rare, direct access to drug users and allowed us to signpost them to advice and support for drug addiction.

Acting Superintendent Andy Colbourne of North Yorkshire Police, said: “County lines remains a major priority for North Yorkshire Police and I hope this most recent phase of our operation provides reassurance to the people of Harrogate that we will take action against the scourge of drug dealing, particularly where it affects some of the most vulnerable people in society.

“We urge anyone who has any information about drug dealing in their neighbourhood to contact us on 101 or if they prefer, to pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers. Every piece of information helps us to build up a bigger picture and informs our operational activity. As you can see from today’s outcome, we are determined to rid our communities of the misery and associated crime that drug dealing causes.”

Acting Superintendent Andy Colbourne

Six suspects have been released on bail and 11 released while under investigation to allow for further enquiries to be carried out.

**Please look out for the signs of drug dealing in your neighbourhood.**

**The signs can include:**

• Increased callers at a property at all times of the day or night
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Evidence of drug use
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

If you have any information about drug dealing in your neighbourhood, please call the police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**For free, confidential help with any drug or alcohol misuse related matter call:**

North Yorkshire Horizons, adult drug and alcohol service for North Yorkshire on 08000 14 14 80 or visit www.nyhorizons.org.uk

Compass REACH, young people’s drug and alcohol service for North Yorkshire on 0800 008 7452 or visit https://www.compass-uk.org/services/north-yorkshire-compass-reach/

Posted on 26 February 2020 at 04:10pm in News stories
