```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-22T10:54:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-22T09:58:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: There were a number of people involved and we are appealing for witnesses with any information to come forward. The incident happened inside the Pit Public House at around midnight/12.15am on Sunday 21 October 2018, and involved numerous men around the age of 20-25 years old. A fight occurred within the premises and a man [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following serious assault in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-harrogate/
title: Appeal following serious assault in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 22 October 2018 at 11:54am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred inside a pub on The Ginnel, Harrogate, in the early hours of Sunday 21 October 2018.

There were a number of people involved and we are appealing for witnesses with any information to come forward.

The incident happened inside the Pit Public House at around midnight/12.15am on Sunday 21 October 2018, and involved numerous men around the age of 20-25 years old.

A fight occurred within the premises and a man was seriously injured. He was taken to Leeds Royal Infirmary for treatment and is in a serious condition.

Five men were arrested on the evening in connection with the incident. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. We are requesting the public's assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about details and description of the men involved.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC1982 Chris Dyson or DS1748 Andrew Palmer. You can also email chris.dyson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or andrew.palmer@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180196889.

Contact details:
 Chris Dyson \- #1982
chris.dyson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609643140 ext 31982
Incident reference:
 12180196889
Posted on 22 October 2018 at 10:58am in Local appeals
