```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-03-06T11:33:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers safety is a priority for the Chief Officer Team and prior to the release of the bidding process, North Yorkshire Police had reviewed its Taser capability against its strategic threat and risk assessment, alongside the results from two surveys \u2013 one of our officers and one of the public. This resulted in us planning [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Taser uplift clarification - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/taser-uplift-clarification/
title: Taser uplift clarification
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/taser-uplift-clarification/
```

Last modified: 6 March 2020 at 11:33am

Following the recent, national funding made available to all police forces to purchase additional Taser devices, North Yorkshire Police did not bid for a portion of the funds due to its existing plans for Taser uplift and the current number of devices held by the force.

Officers safety is a priority for the Chief Officer Team and prior to the release of the bidding process, North Yorkshire Police had reviewed its Taser capability against its strategic threat and risk assessment, alongside the results from two surveys – one of our officers and one of the public. This resulted in us planning a funded Taser uplift and redistribution plan. As such, although we are not applying for money from the national fund, we are increasing the number of Specially Trained Officers (STOs) trained to carry Taser. The main focus is to increase our internal capacity to train more response officers, which will start immediately. We did not need to apply for funding to buy more Tasers at this time as we carried out an assessment and have enough devices for at least the next 12-24 months while we train more officers.

We continually review the number of Specially Trained Officers, with the last uplift made in 2016 in response to assaults on officers. We have already invested in newer Taser devices which are more effective and reliable. Once we have started the process of increasing Taser capability across the force, we will re-assess the need to increase the number of Taser trained officers accordingly, and build any additional funding required for more Tasers, cartridges and training into our future financial plans. This will also give us the opportunity to purchase the most advanced devices that are available at the time.

**Taser**
Carrying a Taser is voluntary at North Yorkshire Police and is tightly controlled. Officers go through a rigorous training programme which is refreshed each year to ensure they remain capable and competent to carry one.

It is only ever used as a response to a threat or a perceived threat. In the majority of incidents, the presence of a Taser is enough to calm a situation and mitigate the threat, resulting in the Taser not being fired. During 2018 – 2019, Taser was used during 251 incidents, but fired only 48 times.

Posted on 6 March 2020 at 11:33am in News stories
