```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-10T13:53:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Youngsters from across North Yorkshire will take part in the local heat of a national dance competition aimed at spreading the message that you can have fun without drink or drugs.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Graham_School-138-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire schools rock it out at the Barbican - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-schools-rock-it-out-at-the-barbican/
title: North Yorkshire schools rock it out at the Barbican
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-schools-rock-it-out-at-the-barbican/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Youngsters from across North Yorkshire will take part in the local heat of a national dance competition aimed at spreading the message that you can have fun without drink or drugs.

Teams from **Bedale** High School, **Boroughbridge** High School, Graham School in **Scarborough** , **Skipton** Academy, Wellburn Hall Special School near **Kirkbymoorside** and **Richmond** School will perform an eight-minute piece in front of a live audience and a team of qualified judges at The Barbican in York on Wednesday 18 March 2015.

It is the second year running that Rock Challenge has come to North Yorkshire. It is the fastest growing event of its type in the UK with over 350 schools taking part across the country and involving upwards of 25,000 young people.

The schools are marked in several categories including concept, costuming, hair, make-up and set design and the winning school will go on to perform in the Northern Open Final in Grimsby in June. The first ever North Yorkshire event was held last year and was won by Graham School in Scarborough.

PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer for North Yorkshire Police, said: "We are thrilled to be able to host Rock Challenge for a second time in York. Last year was a huge success and this year we have even more schools joining us. All the teams have worked so hard, rehearsing in their own time and involving their schools and local communities in creating their costumes and sets.

"We are looking forward to seeing the performances - what these young people achieve is amazing. We also have Burton Green Primary School returning as our special guests for a showcase performance and we are delighted to welcome them back."

Supported by North Yorkshire Police and Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan, Rock Challenge focuses on driving home positive messages about substance misuse and crime prevention by providing young people with the opportunity to experience a "buzz" without the need for alcohol or drugs.

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire said: "I'm delighted to have been able to support the project again this year with a contribution from my Community Fund and I wish everyone taking part in the competition the very best of luck.

"Rock Challenge is a fantastic initiative that is not only great fun for all involved but also reinforces the message that you don't need alcohol, drugs or other substances to have a good time.

"Rock Challenge and the Lifestyle project both provide alternative activities for young people by giving them positive activities to focus on, the benefits of which can be felt by the local community."

PC Asquith added: "Rock Challenge is credited with a reduction in anti-social behaviour in schools, a decrease in alcohol, drug and tobacco consumption as well as an increase in self-esteem and attendance in school. Everyone is welcome to come along to the event, either to cheer on their local school, or to see for themselves what Rock Challenge is all about and enjoy a fantastic night out."

Tickets for the performance, priced at £10, are available to purchase from The Barbican box office now.

For further information about Rock Challenge and sponsorship opportunities please email suzanne.asquith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Posted on 10 March 2015 at 01:53pm in News stories
