```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-13T17:07:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-13T17:01:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Wayne Roy Gibson, 33, was charged with two counts of burglary and two counts of fraud by false representation. He pleaded guilty to all four offences and was sentenced at York Crown Court on 12 October 2017. He was also issued with a three-year restraining order preventing him from entering Gate Helmsley or contacting the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/10/Wayne-Roy-Gibson-20041984.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Suspended sentence for man who stole wedding rings two days before couple&#039;s big day - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspended-sentence-man-stole-wedding-rings-two-days-couples-big-day/
title: Suspended sentence for man who stole wedding rings two days before couple's big day
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspended-sentence-man-stole-wedding-rings-two-days-couples-big-day/
```

Last modified: 13 October 2017 at 06:07pm

An Aiskew man has been given a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years after stealing cash from a friend and wedding rings from a couple just two days before their big day.

Wayne Roy Gibson, 33, was charged with two counts of burglary and two counts of fraud by false representation. He pleaded guilty to all four offences and was sentenced at York Crown Court on 12 October 2017. He was also issued with a three-year restraining order preventing him from entering Gate Helmsley or contacting the victims and ordered to pay £140 victim surcharge.

On 22 August 2017, Gibson entered the Easingwold home of a family friend, uninvited, and stole cash from the address. He left after being disturbed by a child in the house.

Later that day, he was working as a window cleaner at a property in Gate Helmsley and saw two wedding rings on the windowsill. Seizing the opportunity to open it, he reached in a took the rings.

The victims initially thought they had lost the rings and searched the house for them. Suspecting they had been stolen, they contacted Gibson’s employer and explained the situation.

Gibson denied all knowledge , but when he was later challenged by his boss, he admitted that he had the rings and he would give them back – despite having already pawned the rings at two separate jewellers in York.

Needless to say, despite promising to return the rings before the couple’s wedding day, he didn’t.

Gibson’s boss then bought the rings back from the two pawn shops and returned them to the couple in time for their wedding.

Investigating Officer, David Adams of Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “It matters not to the victims in this case that Mr Gibson plead guilty to all offences, however by doing so, he has at least saved his victims the anguish of a trial and having to give evidence and the public purse the cost of a trial. Mr Gibson never misled the police following his arrest and admitted his guilt, apologised at his first opportunity in the police interview which was the right thing to do.

“Irrespective of the remorse shown by Mr Gibson after his arrest and his early plea, Mr Gibson has been convicted of serious criminal offences of burglary and fraud. Burglary is a horrible crime and the effect on its victims should never be underestimated. In this case Gibson caused his first victim’s child great distress by what he did which was fuelled by his own greed and need to obtain money from wherever he could, and that unfortunate person was a family friend. Ironically the victim in this case stated that they would have loaned him the money if he had just asked.

“The second victims in this case had a harrowing ordeal as their wedding rings were stolen two days before their wedding. The couple who I have the utmost respect for had what was supposed to be the most special day of their lives together turned upside down with the prospect of having no rings to exchange on the day. If it was not for the thoughtfulness and moral standing of Mr Gibson’s boss who rectified his crime and wrongdoing by tracking the rings and paying out of his own pocket to get them back for the couple their wedding day could have been completely ruined. To him on behalf of North Yorkshire Police, the couple and myself, thank you for everything you did in this case. It shows that there are people who are out there that care. The wedding day went ahead with as little disruption as possible due to your kindness.

“What was really prominent to me in this case was the use of the word sorry by Mr Gibson and how easy it is to say that you are sorry for what you did. The only person that knows if they are genuinely sorry in this case is Wayne Gibson himself. To his victims in this case the word sorry is too little, too late. The damage is done and can never be repaired. The first victim trusted that he would never do that knowing him so well and the second victims believed that people who are paid to perform a service for them would not take advantage of their privileged position of trust at that time.

“Unfortunately their trust was misplaced in Wayne Gibson and he did through his own greed for money.”

Posted on 13 October 2017 at 06:01pm in News stories
