```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T18:39:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-22T18:37:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are investigating a serious injury collision involving a motorcycle and a car at Eastfield, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Motorcyclist critically injured in crash at Eastfield - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorcyclist-critically-injured-crash-eastfield/
title: Motorcyclist critically injured in crash at Eastfield
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorcyclist-critically-injured-crash-eastfield/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 06:39pm

Police are investigating a serious injury collision involving a motorcycle and a car at Eastfield, Scarborough.

It happened outside the Vantage Toyota garage on Dunslow Road at 7.22pm on Friday (21 August).

The motorcycle, a black Honda CB600 Hornet with a silver frame and blue piping, was heading towards Cayton having travelled on the A64 from Sherburn.

A white Toyota Yaris had pulled out from Vantage Toyota to turn right when the collision occurred.

The 23-year-old man riding the motorcycle, from Cayton, was taken by ambulance to Scarborough Hospital in a critical condition.

The driver of the Yaris, a 22-year-old woman from Scarborough, escaped injury.

Local diversions were put in place while police examined the collision scene and to allow for the vehicles to be recovered and debris to be cleared from the road. It reopened just after 9pm.

Witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing either vehicle prior to the incident - including the motorcycle travelling from Sherburn on the A64 - should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Martin Mulcaster or the Major Collision Investigation Unit. Or email martin.mulcaster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

**22 August 2015 - 9.25am**

Posted on 22 August 2015 at 06:37pm in News stories
