```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:41:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-18T12:40:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'UPDATE: 19 May 2016 - the driver involved in the police pursuit along the A1 on 17 May has been charged to court.'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following A1 pursuit - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a1-pursuit/
title: Appeal following A1 pursuit
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a1-pursuit/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:41pm

UPDATE: 19 May 2016 - the driver involved in the police pursuit along the A1 on 17 May has been charged to court.

He is due to appear at Harrogate Magistrates' Court on 19 May 2016 charged with dangerous driving, driving while disqualified, driving without insurance and possessing cannabis with intent to supply.

The woman who was arrested has been released from bail and has been reported for prosecution on drug related offences.

*****************************************************************************************************************

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for motorists who witnessed a police pursuit on the A1 between Scotch Corner and Boston Spa on the afternoon of Tuesday 17 May 2016 to come forward.

At around 4.25pm, officers began following a grey Audi A4 that failed to stop for them on the north-bound carriageway near Catterick.

The vehicle then continued north through road-works before leaving the motorway at Scotch Corner and then returned to the A1, heading back on the south-bound carriageway.

The vehicle continued south at speeds over 100mph, weaving in and out of traffic and onto the hard shoulder.

With the assistance of the National Police Air Service, officers stopped the vehicle on the exit slip road of the A1 near Boston Spa. Two occupants from the vehicle, a man aged 31 and a woman aged 22, both from Rotherham, were arrested at the scene. They remain in police custody.

Police recovered a large quantity of suspected cannabis from the vehicle. A three-year-old child was also inside the vehicle.

A number of motorists will have witnessed the suspect vehicle's manner of driving and officers are appealing to them to come forward including any that were hit by the vehicle.

Some motorists have come forward already and officers are trying to trace others. Anyone who has not yet spoken to the police is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate Serious Crime Team.

No-one was injured in the incident.

18 May 2016

Posted on 18 May 2016 at 12:40pm in News stories
