```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:42:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-20T14:27:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are now hoping to reunite the items (pictured), which include wedding rings, watches, perfume, and pillowcases, with their rightful owners and are appealing for people to come forward. In the early hours of Tuesday 6 August, two burglaries occurred at houses in the villages of Chapel Haddlesey and West Haddlesey. Following checks on a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Do any of these items belong to you? Appeal to reunite stolen property with owners after Selby burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/do-these-items-belong-to-you-appeal-to-reunite-stolen-property-with-owners-after-selby-burglaries/
title: Do any of these items belong to you? Appeal to reunite stolen property with owners after Selby burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/do-these-items-belong-to-you-appeal-to-reunite-stolen-property-with-owners-after-selby-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:42pm

A number of stolen items have been recovered by police following an investigation into recent burglaries in the Selby area.

Officers are now hoping to reunite the items (pictured), which include wedding rings, watches, perfume, and pillowcases, with their rightful owners and are appealing for people to come forward.

A Raymond Weil watch

In the early hours of Tuesday 6 August, two burglaries occurred at houses in the villages of Chapel Haddlesey and West Haddlesey.

Following checks on a suspicious white Renault Clio, which was being used in the area at the time, officers were led to an address in Castleford on Friday 9 August.

A large quantity of items were recovered from the property and a 44 year-old man was arrested.

Some of the recovered items were later identified as being stolen from both of the homes in Haddlesey and also connected to a burglary which had taken place earlier on the day of the arrest from a house in the village of Burn.

In the early hours of Wednesday 14 August, officers were on patrol in the village of Beale when they came across a bicycle in the middle of the road with a crowbar lying next to it.

A police dog located a 45 year-old man a short time later a few feet away and he was arrested in connection with a burglary that had occurred an hour earlier in the village of Kellington.

North Yorkshire Police is asking for the owners of stolen property (pictured) to get in touch. In addition, officers have also recovered the following items which are not pictured:

 * A Nokia C7 mobile
 * A Sony Ericsson Walkman phone
 * A Ronson Viking Lighter in case
 * An Accurist watch
 * A gold muff chain
 * A gold charm bracelet with various charms including, cross, heart, broken coin bearing the word 'Hastings' and a small man charm.

If you recognise of the items pictured or described above, or if you have any information that could help with the investigation, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and asking for David Pegg. You can also email david.pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

You can also pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers using their online form or by calling 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12190143899 when providing any information.

Officers have confirmed that they are linking a series of eight dwelling burglaries that have occurred between Tuesday 6 August and Wednesday 14 August in villages to the south of Selby and the Haddlesey, Burn, Byram and Kellington areas of Selby.

Both men have been released on police bail whilst enquires continue.

An earring in a Zeon jewellery box Assorted items A black and white photograph An engraved bracelet Items found in a pillowcase including empty Palenque boxes A Samsung mobile phone with cracked screen Assorted jewellery A black Tarqus laptop case Emporio Armani Diamonds perfume An assortment of items found in a pillowcase An assortment of items found in pillowcase Two wedding bands, a gold ring and a watch face A rose gold chain with shield pendant A Krugerrand and gold chain A silver Acer laptop A silver coloured chain necklace A Google Nexus tablet A selection of jewellery in a blue jewellery box A white floral-patterned pillowcase Items and a jewellery box An assortment of necklaces

Posted on 20 August 2019 at 03:27pm in Burglary, News stories
