```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-22T09:20:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-22T08:42:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At least five incidents have taken place in the area in recent months. Police believe one man may be behind several of the offences, but are exploring the possibility that there is more than one offender. Officers are patrolling the areas where the offences took place in a bid to reassure the public and prevent [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police link indecent exposure offences in York as investigation continues - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/heslington-indecent-exposures/
title: Police link indecent exposure offences in York as investigation continues
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/heslington-indecent-exposures/
```

Last modified: 22 May 2019 at 10:20am

Police investigating a spate of indecent exposures around the Heslington area of York are exploring links between incidents.

At least five incidents have taken place in the area in recent months.

Police believe one man may be behind several of the offences, but are exploring the possibility that there is more than one offender.

Officers are patrolling the areas where the offences took place in a bid to reassure the public and prevent further incidents.

Investigators are also carrying out enquiries to gather information and catch those responsible.

York-based Inspector Amy Hunter said: "As a result of ongoing investigations around these incidents, we can now confirm that we think these offences are linked.

"I'd also like to reassure the community, including the large number of students who live and study in that area, that we are doing everything we can to keep you safe and catch the culprits.

"Officers are working hard not only investigate and identify the suspects but also to provide a reassuring presence in the area. To help us, I'd urge anyone who has information but hasn't already shared it to get in touch - what may seem trivial to you could make a big difference to our investigation.

"We can also offer support from specially-trained officers to anyone who may have been subjected to an indecent exposure to ensure victims get any help they need."

The incidents happened in the last few months during daylight hours, mostly in the early afternoon.

They were around Heslington and the university area and on a footpath off Windmill Lane.

Anyone who has information they have not yet shared with officers should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and quote reference number 12190087384. You can also contact the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

North Yorkshire Police can offer support to victims of all sexual offences from specially-trained officers.

Posted on 22 May 2019 at 09:42am in News stories
