```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-05-13T09:19:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Although they now allow more time outdoors, the Government guidelines recommend staying at home as much as possible, limited contact with other people and keeping your distance if you do go out (2 metres apart where possible). Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker who is leading the response to the Covid-19 in North Yorkshire, said: \u201CFirstly [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/04/ACC-Mike-Walker.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'New Coronavirus regulations: Thank you for staying at home and saving lives, let&#039;s continue the good work - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-coronavirus-regulations-thank-you-for-staying-at-home-and-saving-lives-lets-continue-the-good-work/
title: 'New Coronavirus regulations: Thank you for staying at home and saving lives, let''s continue the good work'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-coronavirus-regulations-thank-you-for-staying-at-home-and-saving-lives-lets-continue-the-good-work/
```

Last modified: 13 May 2020 at 10:19am

From today (13 May 2020) changes to the regulations to help control the spread of Coronavirus come into effect. They include additional reasonable excuses to be outside of your home.

Although they now allow more time outdoors, the Government guidelines recommend staying at home as much as possible, limited contact with other people and keeping your distance if you do go out (2 metres apart where possible).

Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker

Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker who is leading the response to the Covid-19 in North Yorkshire, said: “Firstly my thanks go to the overwhelming majority of people in York and North Yorkshire who have listened over the past eight weeks and stayed at home to save lives. You really have made a difference and helped to keep people safe.

“As we move into a new phase of eased restrictions and many of us are now able to spend more time outdoors, it is more important than ever that we take responsibility for doing that within the guidance set out by the Government.

“Personal responsibility is now key - think carefully about where you are going and how you will be able to keep your distance from others. Please keep in mind the purpose of the regulations and the national effort to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Please also remember that although you may be able to travel to our beauty spots, countryside and beaches, when you get there, many of the facilities may be closed including public toilets, cafes, shops and tourist attractions.

“I know that the vast majority of people will use their common sense, will want to keep themselves and their families safe and will follow the restrictions to the letter. But the minority who choose not to should be aware that the fines under the regulations have now increased to £100. Although my officers do not want to use their enforcement powers if they don’t have to, it’s right that they’re able to take action against a minority who disregard the remaining restrictions and in doing so, put people at risk.

“We don’t deny that this will be challenging, as were the original regulations when they were brought in eight weeks ago, but we will continue to engage with people, explain the regulations and encourage people to follow them, using enforcement as a last resort.”

Richard Flinton, Chair of North Yorkshire Local Resilience Forum

Richard Flinton, Chair of North Yorkshire Local Resilience Forum, added: “We understand that there will be some anxiety in many communities about the relaxation of the rules. Particularly in those areas most likely to attract larger numbers of visitors. Together we are putting in place the measures we can to try and deter crowds and manage public spaces. We are also going to be targeting communications outside of the county to urge people thinking about visiting to come back when we can offer them a proper welcome.

“Our collective ask of you is that you exercise and enjoy open countryside close to your home, but keep away from crowds. If you think somewhere may be busy – go somewhere else. Please play your part in continuing to mitigate the impact of this terrible virus by washing your hands regularly and staying at least 2 metres apart from people not in your household. We are all in this together and Team North Yorkshire is doing a great job please keep it up for the sake of you and your loved ones.”

The full details of the new restrictions can be found on the Government’s website including a list of frequently asked questions.

Posted on 13 May 2020 at 10:19am in News stories
