```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-14T13:12:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-14T12:58:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Our priority is the safety and security of all those living, working and visiting the county, and the public are encouraged to continue with their plans to attend or take part in events as normal. We continue to take appropriate steps to protect our communities and our security measures and activities are constantly reviewed to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police is working with partners on security in the run up to Christmas - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-working-partners-run-christmas/
title: North Yorkshire Police is working with partners on security in the run up to Christmas
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-working-partners-run-christmas/
```

Last modified: 14 November 2017 at 01:12pm

North Yorkshire Police is working with event organisers and partners across the county to give advice and guidance on safety and security measures in the run up to Christmas.

Our priority is the safety and security of all those living, working and visiting the county, and the public are encouraged to continue with their plans to attend or take part in events as normal.

We continue to take appropriate steps to protect our communities and our security measures and activities are constantly reviewed to reflect where the threats exist and the level of threat we are facing.

The public may see additional protective security measures in response to a number terrorist attacks we have sadly seen both here in the UK and abroad.

There could also be increased security checks at some events and venues so we advise the public to arrive in plenty of time to allow for this.

The current threat level across the UK from international terrorism remains at severe, meaning an attack is highly likely and we reiterate our long-standing advice to remain vigilant and alert.

As ever we would urge the public to get in touch to report anything suspicious by calling the confidential anti-terrorist hotline on 0800 789 321 or in an emergency by calling 999.

If you get caught up in the event of a weapons attack we urge you to follow the Run, Hide, Tell advice.

Superintendent Dave Hannan, of North Yorkshire Police’s Operations Command said:

“There are a range of large-scale public events taking place across North Yorkshire in the coming weeks leading up to Christmas.

“Like all forces, we continue to take appropriate steps to protect our communities.

“The public should be reassured that our security measures are under constant review to make sure the people who live, visit and work here are safe and secure.

“We will be using a range of assets, some more visible than others, but the public shouldn’t be alarmed, this is precautionary and we would encourage the public to continue with their plans as normal.

“We advise the public to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious behaviour or activity. In an emergency always call 999.

“If you get caught up in the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack, we urge you to follow our Run Hide Tell advice which can be found by watching this short film: https://youtu.be/QUCW_mk35Xc .”

For more information visit gov.uk/ACT

#ActionCountersTerrorism

Posted on 14 November 2017 at 12:58pm in News stories
