```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-15T08:20:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information about an aggravated burglary at a house at Allerton Park on the outskirts of Knaresborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'House raid at Allerton Park: Appeal to track down three masked suspects - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/house-raid-allerton-park-appeal-track-three-masked-suspects/
title: 'House raid at Allerton Park: Appeal to track down three masked suspects'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/house-raid-allerton-park-appeal-track-three-masked-suspects/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information about an aggravated burglary at a house at Allerton Park on the outskirts of Knaresborough.

Three masked men burst into the property and threatened to harm the homeowner between 6pm and 7pm on Thursday 10 December 2015. The man in the house was left shocked by the ordeal but was not injured.

The suspects made off with various items from the house including cash.

Extensive police enquiries have been conducted and remain ongoing to help identify the men involved.

One of the suspects is described as white, about 6ft tall, aged in his 30s, broad build and big chested. He was wearing an old fashioned, figure-hugging dark-blue tracksuit top with white stitching on the arms, dark trousers, light-coloured trainers and a dark blue, tight-fitted hood over his face, similar to a motorbike hood. He spoke with a strong West Yorkshire accent, possibly from the Bradford area.

The other two men were also described as white, around 5ft 10in tall, aged in their 20s, with thinner, gangly builds. Both were wearing similar style hoods as the first man to disguise their faces, as well as other hoods to cover their heads. Their tops were dark in colour, with one wearing light grey tracksuit bottoms and the other dark tracksuit bottoms. Both wore chunky white trainers.

As well as reporting information about the men, people are also urged to come forward if they recall seeing any vehicles parked in lay-bys on the A168 near the Allerton Park area at around teatime on Thursday 10 December.

Detective Inspector Phil Coward, from the Harrogate Serious Crime Team, said: "We are doing everything we can to support the victim while our efforts continue to track down and arrest the suspects involved in this worrying incident.

"Even the smallest piece of information to help identify potential suspects or suspicious vehicles in the area could prove vital to the investigation. If you would prefer not to approach the police directly, please pass information to Crimestoppers and remain anonymous."

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Phil Coward or the Harrogate Serious Crime Team. Or email _Philip.Coward@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_

To remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 and quote reference number 12150219193.

**15 December 2015 - 5pm**

Posted on 15 December 2015 at 08:20am in News stories
