```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:09:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-13T13:08:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: We are getting towards the end of the motorbike season and for many bikers it&#039;s been a great season - they have got lots of miles in and confidence is up.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bikers and drivers urged to keep safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bikers-drivers-urged-keep-safe/
title: Bikers and drivers urged to keep safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bikers-drivers-urged-keep-safe/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:09pm

We are getting towards the end of the motorbike season and for many bikers it's been a great season - they have got lots of miles in and confidence is up.

Over the summer we have had a lower number of biker deaths than we have seen over recent years, which is great news. So it's really sad to say that already this autumn we have seen four bikers die in road accidents in North Yorkshire.

If you are thinking about getting the leathers on and going out for the last few weekends of good light and good weather, please do take care. Read the road, slow down for junctions and be particularly careful on bends and when overtaking. Also to keep safe assume that other road users haven't seen you.

Insp Dave Barf of the Roads Policing Group said - 'I want you to enjoy your driving and rides on the roads in North Yorkshire. Most importantly I want you to go home at the end of your trips to enjoy your homes and families. Please treat the roads and other road users with the respect that you yourself would expect.'

'Car drivers should make sure that they make good observation and take account of motorcycles. Check your mirrors before altering position or turning. Bikers keep an eye on the vehicles around you. Expect the unexpected and don't assume you've been seen.'

Posted on 13 September 2015 at 01:08pm in News stories
