```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-05T13:48:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-05T13:16:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Michael James Saunderson pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at York Crown Court on Monday 4 December 2017 and was jailed for nine months and prohibited from entering certain roads in Sherburn, Malton for a ten-year-period. On the evening of Wednesday 19 July 2017, Saunderson went to the home of his victim, where [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/SAUNDERSON-Michael-James-301278.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough man jailed after violent attack on woman in her own home - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-jailed-violent-attack-woman-home/
title: Scarborough man jailed after violent attack on woman in her own home
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-jailed-violent-attack-woman-home/
```

Last modified: 5 December 2017 at 01:48pm

A 38-year-old man from Brompton-by-Sawdon has been given a nine-month prison sentence and a ten-year restraining order, after subjecting a 49-year-old woman to a prolonged and brutal attack, which left her with head injuries.

Michael James Saunderson pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at York Crown Court on Monday 4 December 2017 and was jailed for nine months and prohibited from entering certain roads in Sherburn, Malton for a ten-year-period.

On the evening of Wednesday 19 July 2017, Saunderson went to the home of his victim, where she lived with her 14-year-old son. Following a confrontation, Saunderson attacked his victim in front of her son, grabbing her by the hair and hitting her head onto the floor, causing head injuries which required hospital treatment.

The victim was brave enough to gather herself and contact police to report the attack. Saunderson was arrested within hours of the attack and taken into custody, charged and remanded into custody until the trial took place.

Speaking about the case and sentence handed to Saunderson, the officer in charge of the investigation, DC David Adams said:

“I welcome the sentence passed against Saunderson. Despite showing no remorse throughout the investigation, he knew all along that he was culpable of a crime and that his behaviour that evening was nothing else but criminal. He targeted and intentionally attacked a vulnerable victim in her own home, with her son in the property.

“There was no other reason that he went to the address of the victim that night, other than to carry out a seriously violent and targeted attack on her in her own home, with her son present. The victim’s son heard everything that Saunderson subjected his mother to and saw her substantial injuries, which no child should ever have to witness. This incident will stay with them both and their wider family for the rest of their lives and they will never forget what happened, but I hope that they can move on from this horrific incident and hopefully be happier in their lives, knowing that Saunderson will not be able to come anywhere near them.

“The victim in this case was very brave and spoke out. I’d like to thank her for her bravery and hope this case encourages other victims of domestic abuse to come forward and contact the police. You do have a voice, so please speak out - police will be there to listen and to help you. Domestic abuse of any kind will not be tolerated by North Yorkshire Police. We will support victims and offenders will be arrested and brought to justice, as in this case.”

Posted on 5 December 2017 at 01:16pm in News stories
