```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:01:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-08T14:00:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued a warning to residents in York after a number of elderly people have been targeted by bogus tradesmen.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bogus roofer warning as elderly residents targeted in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bogus-roofer-warning-elderly-residents-targeted-york/
title: Bogus roofer warning as elderly residents targeted in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bogus-roofer-warning-elderly-residents-targeted-york/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:01pm

Police have issued a warning to residents in York after a number of elderly people have been targeted by bogus tradesmen.

Police have issued a warning to residents in York after a number of elderly people have been targeted by bogus tradesmen.

The first incident happened on Tuesday 8 March 2016 when a man called at the home of woman in her 80s on Low Fields Drive, York. He said his name was Paul and that he had completed £420 worth of roof repairs and needed paying.

The victim handed him £20, and he said he would be back today for the rest of the money. The man left in a grey car with another passenger, although it is not known if they are a man or woman.

He is described as aged in his 30s and around 6ft tall.

In the second incident, which happened at around 11am on Wednesday 9 March on Chaloners Road in York, a man called at the home of an 86-year-old woman and told her she needed £250 worth of roof repairs and that she could claim the money back from her landlord. The man pushed his way into the property and told her he needed the money.

The woman did not hand over any money and the man said he would return.

He left the house in a light blue car with another man inside.

The man is described as Irish, white, aged in his 40s, of stocky build and around 5'6″ in height.

In the third incident, at around 12.15pm on Wednesday 9 March, a man called at the home of a couple in their 80s on Broadway, York and offered to fix roof tiles for £300.

The man entered the house without permission and continued with a pushy sales pitch. He asked for the money and followed the woman householder to her bedroom where he was given £300.

The man left in a car, which is believed to be a light grey Audi A6.

This man is described as white, aged in his 30s, of stocky build, around 5'6″ tall, with dark hair and an English accent.

Police are advising residents not to be taken in by these men and not to answer their door to anyone they are not expecting.

Always check before you answer the door and use a door chain if you have one. Don't be afraid to say no to them.

If you are aware of any repairs that need doing, always contact a reputable tradesperson yourself, or seek help from your family, friends or neighbours.

The City of York Council's Trading Standards Department have been alerted and are looking into the reports.

If anyone else has been targeted by the men, or they have information that could help the investigation, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and speak to the Force Control Room.

If you feel threatened by the men, call 999 immediately.

If you have information but would prefer to remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number NYP-09032016-0137 when calling.

8 March 2016

Posted on 8 March 2016 at 02:00pm in News stories
