```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-05T15:58:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-05T15:29:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Cracker, which has been running since late 2018, is an initiative to keep residents safe. Older residents are offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents are encouraged to keep an eye out for their more vulnerable neighbours. It involves teams of volunteers working alongside officers and PCSOs and partner agencies, calling on [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police in Filey and Eastfield launch campaign to recruit new volunteers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-in-filey-and-eastfield-launch-campaign-to-recruit-new-volunteers/
title: Police in Filey and Eastfield launch campaign to recruit new volunteers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-in-filey-and-eastfield-launch-campaign-to-recruit-new-volunteers/
```

Last modified: 5 January 2021 at 03:58pm

North Yorkshire Police is launching a campaign to recruit Neighbourhood Support Volunteers to supplement the Operation Cracker team in Filey and Eastfield.

Operation Cracker, which has been running since late 2018, is an initiative to keep residents safe. Older residents are offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents are encouraged to keep an eye out for their more vulnerable neighbours.

It involves teams of volunteers working alongside officers and PCSOs and partner agencies, calling on residents – young and old – in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people. Working with schools and youth organisations Operation Cracker is also setting up a programme of activities under the overall banner of ‘Springboard for Youth’.

Volunteers come from all backgrounds. The hours are usually flexible, and depend on the role requirements and the time the volunteer can offer. Volunteers are unpaid but will be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses.

Inspector Andy Short of the Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team said: “Our volunteers have, over the past few years, played an increasingly important role and their contribution is widely appreciated by both the police and the community at large.

“Anyone is eligible to apply to become a Neighbourhood Support Volunteer as long as they satisfy some basic requirements for the role, but ultimately we are looking for people who want to make a real difference to the community and can bring a fresh perspective to the team they work in. The more varied the background, the more diverse our team of volunteers will be.

“With current COVID-19 restrictions in place, Operation Cracker is being carried out digitally but as soon as we are able we are planning to deploy our volunteers within the community.”

Those interested in becoming a Neighbourhood Support Volunteer should, in the first instance contact Chris Turner, Citizens in Policing Coordinator, on christopher.turner@northyorkshire.police.uk.

Posted on 5 January 2021 at 03:29pm in News stories
