```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-11T08:53:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-10T13:00:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A member of the public, from the Northallerton area, received a call on his mobile from his wife&#8217;s mobile number. On answering the call a man with a foreign sounding accent has introduced himself as a doctor from the Friarage Hospital stating that his wife had been in a car accident and required emergency surgery. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'FRAUD ALERT: Scam phone call warning in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fraud-alert-scam-phone-call-warning-north-yorkshire/
title: 'FRAUD ALERT: Scam phone call warning in North Yorkshire'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fraud-alert-scam-phone-call-warning-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 11 April 2018 at 09:53am

North Yorkshire Police would like to make members of the public aware of the following phone scam reported today.

A member of the public, from the Northallerton area, received a call on his mobile from his wife's mobile number.

On answering the call a man with a foreign sounding accent has introduced himself as a doctor from the Friarage Hospital stating that his wife had been in a car accident and required emergency surgery.

However the procedure she required was not covered under NHS budgets and requested bank details to release the required funds of £300.

The reportee has replied by stating he would make his way to the hospital immediately and so the caller hung up and ended the call.

He has then called his wife's number back, who answered fit and well.

The incident has been referred to Action Fraud and the North Yorkshire Police Fraud and Economic Crime Unit for further investigation as the perpetrators appear to be using sophisticated methods to link two mobile numbers together in order to achieve the necessary impact to fulfill their scam.

This incident has been distressing for the parties involved but luckily no bank details were handed over to the fraudster.

Please make friends and relatives aware of this incident, especially the more vulnerable.

If you do receive such a call, please contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 by visiting actionfraud.police.uk

In an emergency dial 999.

For more advice about protecting yourself visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud

Posted on 10 April 2018 at 02:00pm in News stories
