```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-06T10:40:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A number of incidents were reported to North Yorkshire Police during the day on Thursday 5 July 2018, involving a white panel van entering farm yards. Premises in the Hambleton, Camblesforth, Carlton, West Bank, West Haddlesey and Monk Fryston areas were targeted. Residents did exactly the right thing by contacting the police with their concerns, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rural Selby residents report suspicious vehicle to the police - security checks urged - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-selby-residents-report-suspicious-vehicle-to-the-police-security-checks-urged/
title: Rural Selby residents report suspicious vehicle to the police - security checks urged
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-selby-residents-report-suspicious-vehicle-to-the-police-security-checks-urged/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Farms and businesses in the rural Selby area are being thanked for their vigilance and urged to tighten up their security, after a suspicious vehicle was sighted in the area.

A number of incidents were reported to North Yorkshire Police during the day on Thursday 5 July 2018, involving a white panel van entering farm yards. Premises in the Hambleton, Camblesforth, Carlton, West Bank, West Haddlesey and Monk Fryston areas were targeted.

Residents did exactly the right thing by contacting the police with their concerns, so an investigation and targeted police patrols are underway. A warning was circulated via the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system, and on the Rural Taskforce's Facebook page, where it was seen by more than 10,000 people.

PCSO Caroline Saville, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: "Please remain vigilant, and check the security of residential premises, farms and outbuildings.

"The incidents involved suspects using a white panel van, partial registration MJ11. We do have the full registration for the vehicle, however it is believed to be on cloned plates. If sighted, please report it to North Yorkshire Police immediately, giving the direction of travel."

In December 2016, North Yorkshire Police launched the 'Call it in' campaign, asking residents to note down and report any suspicious activity, particularly in remote or isolated areas, to help ensure the area remains one of the safest places in the country.

Inspector Jon Grainge, who leads the Rural Taskforce, said: "We're proud of all the work we do to keep our area safe. However, we cannot be everywhere, so information and intelligence from local communities plays a key role in the fight against crime. That can come from our fantastic Watch scheme volunteers, or from our Community Messaging system, but also from simple calls from members of the public.

"Local residents are the best people to recognise when something is not quite right – and if that’s the case, we'd like to hear about it. Please report anything suspicious to the police . Even if it doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of information helps us build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice."

Posted on 6 July 2018 at 11:40am in News stories
