```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-31T12:46:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The man who died in a road traffic collision on the A64 at West Knapton, near Malton, has been identified as Robert Andrew Crick, aged 21 and from Rillington.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Family statement released as man who died in tragic A64 collision is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-statement-released-as-man-who-died-in-tragic-a64-collision-is-named/
title: Family statement released as man who died in tragic A64 collision is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-statement-released-as-man-who-died-in-tragic-a64-collision-is-named/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

The man who died in a road traffic collision on the A64 at West Knapton, near Malton, has been identified as Robert Andrew Crick, aged 21 and from Rillington.

Robert's family have released the following statement:

"The family of the late Robert Crick would like to express their thanks and gratitude to everybody for their kind words and support, during this difficult time. Special thanks to the ambulance services, Great North Air Ambulance, police and staff at James Cook Hospital for their help and assistance in all they did for Robert."

The police are continuing their enquiries into the collision which occurred on the A64 at West Knapton at around 7.50am on Tuesday 23 December 2014.

Robert was riding a moped when he was involved in a collision with a dark-coloured Mitsubishi Chamonix people carrier near the junction with the B1258.

He suffered serious injuries in the incident and was airlifted to James Cook Hospital, where he sadly passed away.

Officers are appealing to any witnesses to the collision who have not yet come forward to get in touch as soon as possible.

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Traffic Constable Leanne Anderson or Scarborough Roads Policing Group.

Alternatively, information can be emailed to leanne.anderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12140221326 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 31 December 2015 at 12:46pm in News stories
