```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-21T10:06:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man suffered a head injury during an altercation in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal - violent incident on Scarcroft Road, York on 18 July 2016 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/violent-incident-on-scarcroft-road-york-on-18-july-2016/
title: Appeal - violent incident on Scarcroft Road, York on 18 July 2016
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/violent-incident-on-scarcroft-road-york-on-18-july-2016/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

York police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man suffered a head injury during an altercation in York.

It happened on Scarcroft Road, York, near the allotments at approximately 6:35pm on Monday 18 July 2016 and resulted in a man aged 21 suffering a head injury. He was taken by ambulance to York district Hospital where he was treated and discharged following treatment. A 25-year-old man was arrested on 18 July 2016 and bailed pending further enquiries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about what happened immediately before the alleged assault and the nature of the assault. We also wish to speak to the members of the public who assisted the injured man before the ambulance arrived.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Sara Easton. You can also email sara.easton0085@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160127605.

Contact details:
 Alastair Foy \- #0292
sara.easton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160127605
Posted on 21 July 2016 at 10:06am in Local appeals
