```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-16T11:58:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a serious collision at North Rigton near Harrogate on the afternoon of Friday 13 March 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following three-vehicle collision at North Rigton near Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-vehicle-collision-at-north-rigton-near-harrogate/
title: Appeal following three-vehicle collision at North Rigton near Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-vehicle-collision-at-north-rigton-near-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police are appealing for information following a serious collision at North Rigton near Harrogate on the afternoon of Friday 13 March 2015.

It happened at around 4pm at the junction of Dunkeswick Lane and Hall Green Lane on the A658, Poole to Harrogate road, when a dark blue BMW 1 series, was in collision with an Audi TT and a Mercedes.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information, and in particular, they want to hear from anyone who was travelling along Dunkeswick Lane or the A61 from Leeds, and saw a dark blue BMW 1 with black alloy wheels travelling from the direction of Leeds towards the junction with the A658, to contact them.

The driver of the Mercedes, a woman in her 50s from the Knaresborough area, sustained serious head and back injuries and was taken to Leeds General Infirmary.

The driver of the Audi TT, a man in his 50s from Harrogate, sustained slight injuries and was taken to Harrogate District Hospital.

The driver of the BMW, a 29-year-old man from Leeds sustained minor injuries and was taken to Harrogate District Hospital and subsequently arrested in connection with the collision. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

The passenger in the BMW, a man in his 20s, also from Leeds, sustained serious back injuries and was taken to Leeds General Infirmary.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or saw the BMW prior to the crash is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Steve James or email Steve.James117@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 16 March 2015 at 11:58am in News stories
