```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:56:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-01T12:55:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a black Vauxhall Insignia failed to stop following a collision at the traffic lights on the bridge at Skipton on Swale near Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after car fails to stop at scene of collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-car-fails-stop-scene-collision/
title: Appeal after car fails to stop at scene of collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-car-fails-stop-scene-collision/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:56pm

Police are appealing for information after a black Vauxhall Insignia failed to stop following a collision at the traffic lights on the bridge at Skipton on Swale near Thirsk.

At around 10pm on the night of Thursday 1 October 2015, a black BMW M Sport 3 was stationary at the traffic lights heading in the direction of Baldersby when it was hit in the rear by the Vauxhall which was travelling at speed. The driver of the Vauxhall failed to stop at the scene of the collision and continued on towards the A1.

Thankfully, no-one was injured, however, the driver of the BMW was very shaken up by what happened.

Police are appealing for help to identify the driver of the Vauxhall and would like to hear from any witnesses, in particular they would like to speak to the occupants of a small red hatchback - possibly a Volkswagen - that was seen to turn right towards Ainderby Quernhow.

Similarly, if you are the driver of the black Vauxhall Insignia, officers are urging you to get in touch with the police as soon as possible.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable David Minto or email david.minto@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150173921 when passing on information.

Posted on 1 October 2015 at 12:55pm in News stories
