```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:35:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-09T16:35:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating a fatal collision near Chop Gate in which a Middlesbrough motorcyclist died are appealing for another rider to come forward.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vital witness sought following fatal Chop Gate collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witness-sought-following-fatal-chop-gate-collision/
title: Vital witness sought following fatal Chop Gate collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witness-sought-following-fatal-chop-gate-collision/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:35pm

Police investigating a fatal collision near Chop Gate in which a Middlesbrough motorcyclist died are appealing for another rider to come forward.

The collision happened at around 8.10pm on Thursday 20 August 2015 on the B1257 between Chop Gate and Great Broughton when motorcyclist Phillip Broadley, aged 46, from Normanby, left the road and collided with a hedge.

Sadly, Mr Broadley died at the scene.

Officers are making an appeal to try and identify another motorcyclist who stopped at the scene of the crash, possibly very soon after it happened. However they left before the police arrived and did not pass on any contact details.

The only information the police have about the rider is that they were riding a dark coloured motorbike and were wearing dark coloured leathers.

Sergeant Ian Pope of the Major Collision Investigation Team, said: "The rider stopped at the scene but left before the police arrived. We need to speak to them to see if they saw the collision happen, or have any other evidence that could help us in this enquiry. We do not believe they were involved and want to speak to them only as a witness, so they should have no fear in coming forwards."

Sgt Pope has made a direct appeal to the rider. He said: "Your information could be vital to our investigation to find out how Phillip died. Not only for us, but for his family who want to know what happened to him on that day. Your welfare is also important to us and I want to make sure that you are receiving the appropriate care. It's very important that you contact us."

If you are the rider that stopped at the scene, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Sergeant Ian Pope or email ian.pope@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

9 November 2015

Posted on 9 November 2015 at 04:35pm in News stories
