```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-12T15:43:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-12T15:35:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Earlier this year, North Yorkshire Police agreed to fund 10 micro-grants of up to \xA32,000 each through the Cinnamon Network \_to help local churches kick-start a social action project in their area. Three churches have already taken the opportunity of applying for a grant and running one of Cinnamon&#8217;s Recognised Projects, they are: Baby Basics: [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: First three micro-grants awarded in church partnership - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-three-micro-grants-awarded-church-partnership/
title: First three micro-grants awarded in church partnership
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-three-micro-grants-awarded-church-partnership/
```

Last modified: 12 October 2016 at 03:43pm

The first of 10 social action micro-grants funded by North Yorkshire Police have been awarded in Harrogate and Selby.

View image

Earlier this year, North Yorkshire Police agreed to fund 10 micro-grants of up to £2,000 each through the Cinnamon Network to help local churches kick-start a social action project in their area.

Three churches have already taken the opportunity of applying for a grant and running one of Cinnamon's Recognised Projects, they are:

 * **Baby Basics** : Hope Church, Harrogate - helps local churches provide vulnerable women with essential equipment, clothing and toiletries needed for life with a new baby
 * **Parish Nursing:** Kings Church, Selby - A parish nurse is a registered nurse specialist who encourages physical and spiritual health and wholeness by developing and leading programs within faith communities
 * **CAP Job Club:** Life Destiny Church, Harrogate - enables local churches to help people step into work even after years of unemployment. The eight week course helps to equip people in a supportive environment which boosts confidence and morale.

Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick, said: "Social and welfare issues place a huge demand on police resources. So far this year, crime has accounted for around just 25 percent of the calls for service to North Yorkshire Police. The Cinnamon Network recognise this demand and that we cannot deal with society’s issues alone.

“It’s important to engage actively with our communities - including our local churches – to build good relationships. Stronger, engaged communities are more resilient and effective at dealing with crime, disorder and other social challenges.

"We're delighted to see these projects take off and look forward to hearing more about their work."

Matt Bird Founder of Cinnamon Network said: “Rarely have there been times of greater social need in this country and individuals needing help. This partnership offers a chance to address needs on a local basis, which churches are well equipped to do as they serve their local communities. I am excited about the good work that can be started by these new micro-grants and look forward to hearing about the projects they instigate and the people whose lives they transform.”

The Cinnamon Network is a Christian charity that spearheads national, social and welfare projects. They recognised that the majority of calls coming to the police nationally are “non crime” related. This situation is mirrored across the country and has led to the partnership with North Yorkshire Police.

Churches, once they have identified the main areas of need in their neighbourhoods, and taken into account the policing priorities of protecting vulnerable people and focusing on prevention and early intervention, can apply for a micro-grant. The grant helps to kick-start one of 30 tried and tested "off the shelf" community based Cinnamon Recognised Projects (CRP).

The micro-grant of up to £2,000 is available, this will need to be match funded by any church wishing to start a CRP. This can be through in-kind contributions as well as cash. Cinnamon Network also supports individuals and teams delivering social action through a practical one day Leadership Training course and their new Community Transformation Programme (CTP).

For more information about the 30 Cinnamon Recognised Projects, how to apply for a micro grant, more details about leadership training or the Cinnamon Transformation Programme go to: www.cinnamonnetwork.co.uk

You can also speak to your local Cinnamon Advisors for Yorkshire

Peter Smith; petersmith@cinnamonnetwork.co.uk or

Alison Linfield; alisonlinfield@cinnamonnework.co.uk

Posted on 12 October 2016 at 03:35pm in News stories
