```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-26T15:40:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-26T14:56:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Although formal identification is yet to take place, the family of a woman who went missing on 30 October in York, has been informed. A spokeswoman for North Yorkshire Police said: \u201CSadly, a body was recovered from Naburn Lock this morning. \u201CThe family of a woman, who went missing on 30 October in York, have [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Body recovered at Naburn Lock in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorists-urged-to-avoid-lendal-bridge/
title: Body recovered at Naburn Lock in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorists-urged-to-avoid-lendal-bridge/
```

Last modified: 26 November 2020 at 03:40pm

Police have confirmed that a body was recovered from Naburn Lock in York this morning (26 November).

Although formal identification is yet to take place, the family of a woman who went missing on 30 October in York, has been informed.

A spokeswoman for North Yorkshire Police said:

“Sadly, a body was recovered from Naburn Lock this morning.

“The family of a woman, who went missing on 30 October in York, have been informed and are being supported by officers.

“Our thoughts are with them at this time.”

A cordon was in place to allow emergency services to respond and lifted at around 1pm.

A report will now be prepared for the coroner.

* * *

**Searches continuing for woman who entered the river in York**

Police are continuing searches for the woman who was seen to enter the river from Lendal Bridge around 12.10pm on 30 October 2020. Both underwater and riverbank searches have been ongoing since the incident with no gain.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out and we believe we know the identity of the woman. Officers are in touch with the woman's family and keep them updated with search activity.

The woman is described as white, aged in her early 20s, with purple or red hair.

She was wearing a black coat with a buckle across the middle, black skinny jeans, black boots with red or purple socks pulled over the top of the ankle boots.

Witnesses or anyone with information are asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 12200190737.

* * *

**Appeal for dash-cam footage of woman on Lendal Bridge as river searches continue in York** **| Published at 1.40pm, 1 November 2020**

Police enquiries are also ongoing to help confirm the woman’s movement prior to the incident and to confirm her identity.

In particular, we are appealing for vehicle dash-cam footage or any other images which may have captured the woman’s face while she was on Lendal Bridge between 11.50am and 12.05pm.

The woman is described as white, aged in her early 20s, with purple or red hair.

She was wearing a black coat with a buckle across the middle, black skinny jeans, black boots with red or purple socks pulled over the top of the ankle boots.

She was also carrying white A4 sized papers.

 * Witnesses or anyone with information are asked to call North Yorkshire Police on **101** , select **option 1** , and speak to the **Force Control Room**. Please quote reference number **12200190737**.

* * *

**Underwater searches continue for woman in river | Published at 10.52am, 31 October 2020**

York: Underwater and riverbank searches resume to locate missing woman

The Police Underwater Search Unit is resuming operations in York this morning (Saturday 31 October 2020) in the effort to locate a woman who fell from Lendal Bridge into the River Ouse at around 12.10pm on Friday.

Detailed riverbank searches are also being carried out by specialist officers from the Operational Support Unit.

This work is expected to continue over the weekend and into Monday.

Further updates will be posted proactively on this page and on social media.

The missing woman is believed to be from York and aged in her early 20s. Her family are being supported.

Witnesses or anyone with information are asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 12200190737.

* * *

**Lendal Bridge reopened | Published at 4.45pm, 30 Oct0ber 2020**

Lendal Bridge has now be re-opened to traffic.

Searches are continuing along the bank of the River Ouse and the underwater search unit are conducting searches of the river.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

If anyone witnessed a woman going into the river from Lendal Bridge, they are asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 1 and pass information onto the force control room, quoting reference NYP-30102020-0206.

* * *

**Motorists urged to avoid Lendal Bridge | Published at 12.46pm, 30 Oct0ber 2020**

Motorists urged to avoid Lendal Bridge

Motorists are being urged to avoid Lendal Bridge after a woman entered the River Ouse from the bridge, at around 12.10pm.

Emergency Services are currently at the scene searching the river for the woman. York Rescue boat are also assisting the search.

An update will be provided in due course.

Posted on 26 November 2020 at 02:56pm in News stories
