```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:35:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-11T13:35:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: This year&#039;s summer drink and drugs campaign has already resulted in 30 arrests for drink and drug driving offences, resulting in 19 people already being charged to court.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 30 arrests in first 10 days of North Yorkshire Police&#039;s summer drink and drug driving campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/30-arrests-first-10-days-north-yorkshire-polices-summer-drink-drug-driving-campaign/
title: 30 arrests in first 10 days of North Yorkshire Police's summer drink and drug driving campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/30-arrests-first-10-days-north-yorkshire-polices-summer-drink-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:35pm

This year's summer drink and drugs campaign has already resulted in 30 arrests for drink and drug driving offences, resulting in 19 people already being charged to court.

Over 250 breath tests have taken place, with one resulting in a 58-year-old man being found to be just under four times over the legal limit. He is now due to appear at Scarborough Magistrates' Court next week. Another eight people provided samples over three times over the legal limit.

Of the 30 arrests made: 12 were in York, 5 in Harrogate, 3 in Craven, 4 in Scarborough, 1 in Selby, 3 in Ryedale and 2 in Richmond.

With the better weather arriving and lighter nights, North Yorkshire Police is encouraging members of the public to consider how they will get home at the end of a night out and if they are intending to have a drink, to leave their car at home and not risk driving whilst under the influence.

Alongside detecting drink driving, officers are also operating roadside drug screening tests. Already there have been two positive results for cannabis and seven arrests relating to driving while unfit through drugs.

Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton of the Force's Roads Policing Group said: "Anyone who is considering driving whilst under the influence of drink or drugs should know that we will be out and about waiting. If you are convicted, be aware that you face disqualification from driving a hefty fine and the possibility of a prison sentence.

"Every year we try and educate people about the devastation and heartbreak that drink and drug driving can cause. We appeal to members of the public that if they have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room.

"For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. You could save someone's life."

**11 June 2015**

Posted on 11 June 2015 at 01:35pm in News stories
