```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-17T15:36:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Thank you to all who shared our appeal. Original appeal: Police in York are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman in her twenties had a dart thrown at her in Holgate, York. The incident happened on Holgate Road outside the Crystal Palace Pub at 6.50pm on 15 October 2017. As the woman\_walked along [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: woman assaulted with a dart in Holgate, York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/female-assaulted-with-dart/
title: 'Update: woman assaulted with a dart in Holgate, York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/female-assaulted-with-dart/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Following our appeal, a 24-year-old man from York attended Fulford Road Police Station and was arrested in connection to the incident. He has been issued with a caution.

Thank you to all who shared our appeal.

**Original appeal:**

Police in York are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman in her twenties had a dart thrown at her in Holgate, York.

The incident happened on Holgate Road outside the Crystal Palace Pub at 6.50pm on 15 October 2017. As the woman walked along the street she was hit in the neck by a dart which broke her skin.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of two men seen by the victim at the time of the attack.

The first man is described as white, 5'6-5'10 tall, with blond hair cropped or short, of slight build, and was wearing blue, skinny type jeans and a blue puffa jacket.

The second man is described as white, 5'6 - 5'10, with brown short dark hair, of stocky build, and was wearing white t-shirt with two tattoo style sleeves, dark jeans.

Any information about the identity of these two males would assist the police. If you recognise yourself as one of these males then please get in touch with police.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Chris Bolton. You can also email Chris.Bolton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170185328.

Contact details:
 Chris Bolton \- #632
Chris.bolton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170185328
Posted on 17 October 2017 at 04:36pm in Local appeals
