```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-02T14:10:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-02T14:08:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It comes amid a rise in dangerous, highly-excessive speeds as roads get quieter. A safety camera operator on the A168 recorded a car travelling at 132mph earlier this week. Details of the vehicle were circulated to other units and a driver was stopped by officers from a neighbouring police force a short time later. The [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police record speeds of up to 132mph despite motorists being told to \u201Cstay home, save lives and protect the NHS\u201D - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/speeds-of-132mph/
title: "Police record speeds of up to 132mph despite motorists being told to \u201Cstay home, save lives and protect the NHS\u201D"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/speeds-of-132mph/
```

Last modified: 2 April 2020 at 03:10pm

Police have repeated their warning to motorists to stick to the rules of the road after a driver in North Yorkshire was clocked at 132mph.

It comes amid a rise in dangerous, highly-excessive speeds as roads get quieter.

A safety camera operator on the A168 recorded a car travelling at 132mph earlier this week.

Details of the vehicle were circulated to other units and a driver was stopped by officers from a neighbouring police force a short time later. The driver was subsequently reported on suspicion of the offence.

North Yorkshire Police has repeatedly urged motorists only make essential journeys and drive safely and within the law, to protect valuable emergency service and NHS resources.

Police patrols and safety camera vans, which are operated by key-worker police staff rather than officers, have been used at key locations to try to prevent further casualties.

Andy Tooke, of North Yorkshire Police’s Traffic Bureau, said: “Some of the speeds we have recorded as the roads have got quieter are frankly ridiculous, especially at a time when people have been asked to stay home, protect the NHS and save lives.

“It’s unbelievable that some motorists are behaving in a way that puts more lives in danger at a time when NHS and emergency service resources are so vital.

“It goes without saying that if people stuck to the rules of the road during a time of national crisis, there would be no offences for us to enforce.

“We will not tolerate North Yorkshire being used as a race track, and we are continuing to target those who put lives at risk by driving illegally.”

The speed limit on the stretch of the A168 that the safety camera operator was monitoring is 70mph.

In the last few days, North Yorkshire Police has also recorded speeds of 117mph and several at close to 100mph.

Posted on 2 April 2020 at 03:08pm in News stories
