```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-27T09:54:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Hundreds of young people took to the stage to showcase their talent - and prove that you don&#039;t need alcohol or drugs to enjoy yourself.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/02/Richmond_1st_place.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Talented youngsters prove you can get a buzz without drink and drugs - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/talented-youngsters-prove-you-can-get-a-buzz-without-drink-and-drugs/
title: Talented youngsters prove you can get a buzz without drink and drugs
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/talented-youngsters-prove-you-can-get-a-buzz-without-drink-and-drugs/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Hundreds of young people took to the stage to showcase their talent - and prove that you don't need alcohol or drugs to enjoy yourself.

View image

Six schools from across North Yorkshire came together to take part in the 2015 Rock Challenge event at The Barbican in York.

Supported by North Yorkshire Police and Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire Julia Mulligan, Rock Challenge aims to show how young people can have fun and be their best without the need for alcohol or drugs. It is seen as an innovative way to tackle "quality of life" issues among young people, giving the youngsters themselves the chance to play their part in reducing anti-social behaviour in their communities.

**Richmond** School won overall first prize with their "Fear to Tread" performance, highlighting mankind's impact on the rainforest, and the ecosystems that depend on it for survival. They were presented with their award by North Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan.

In second place overall was **Boroughbridge** High School, with "Made by Society", highlighting how society can mould young people to look and act in a certain way.

Also competing - and winning a range of individual awards for community support, social inclusion, costumes, soundtrack, performance, choreography and more - were **Bedale** High School, Graham School in **Scarborough** and Welburn Hall Special School in **Kirkbymoorside**. In addition, there were showcase performances by Burton Green Primary School in **York** , and Razzamataz York theatre school.

The event took place on Wednesday 18 March. More than 300 young people were involved in the performances, and also took part in a police workshop earlier in the day.

PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer for North Yorkshire Police, said: "We had an amazing evening at The Barbican. The event itself was a culmination of months of hard work and dedication. Together with the school community and the wider community, the performers have worked on sets, costumes, raised funds and taken part in healthy lifestyle workshops.

"Every participant should be justly proud of what they have achieved, showing just what the young people of North Yorkshire are capable of."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said: "Rock Challenge is a fantastic initiative that is not only great fun for all involved but also reinforces the message that you don't need alcohol, drugs or other substances to have a good time.

"This year's event was as spectacular as ever and I was impressed by the confidence and professionalism of all of the acts. It was a privilege to be able to present Richmond School with their first place award for their performance of 'Fear to Tread'.

"Both Rock Challenge and the Lifestyle project, which we launched last year, provide diversionary activities for young people which will also benefit local communities across North Yorkshire, giving young people positive activities to focus on.

"I'm delighted to have been able to help get this project off the ground with a contribution from my Community Fund."

Rock Challenge is a national event, and Richmond School will go on to represent North Yorkshire at the Northern Open Final at Grimsby Auditorium on 5 June.

Posted on 27 March 2015 at 09:54am in News stories
