```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-11T14:13:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T14:10:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Sean Beard, who lives in the York area but is of no fixed address, had only been out of prison for a few weeks when he was caught reoffending. The 27-year-old was the subject of a Criminal Behaviour Order when he committed the most recent offences on 1 November. He broke into two cars in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Sean-Beard-040292-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Car thief arrested just weeks after being released from jail - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/car-thief-arrested-just-weeks-after-being-released-from-jail/
title: Car thief arrested just weeks after being released from jail
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/car-thief-arrested-just-weeks-after-being-released-from-jail/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2019 at 02:13pm

A thief who was banned from touching any vehicle without the owner’s permission has appeared back in court after stealing from cars.

Sean Beard, who lives in the York area but is of no fixed address, had only been out of prison for a few weeks when he was caught reoffending.

The 27-year-old was the subject of a Criminal Behaviour Order when he committed the most recent offences on 1 November.

He broke into two cars in a driveway in York and stole a small amount of cash from inside one of the vehicles. On the same day he also broke into another car at an address in York and took hand tools from the boot.

Beard, who recently served almost three months in prison for similar offences, was arrested several days later.

When he appeared in front of York Magistrates Court last week, he pleaded guilty to theft from a vehicle, interfering with a vehicle and breaking a court order.

Magistrates gave him a 24-week suspended sentence and a community order with an 18-month period of supervision.

The Criminal Behaviour Order continues to run until 2021, and bans him from:

 * Touching or entering any unattended vehicle without the express permission of the owner.
 * Remaining on any shop or commercial premises if asked to leave by staff and entering any premises from which he is barred.
 * Wearing his hood up on hoodie jacket in a public place.

After the hearing, Sergeant Toby Gorwood of York’s Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Beard is a perpetual nuisance who shows total disregard for the his Criminal Behaviour Order or the consequences of his offending.

"Criminal Behaviour Orders are designed to prevent prolific criminals from repeat offending. Members of the public can help us enforce them by calling us on 101 if they think someone has broken an order.”

Posted on 11 November 2019 at 02:10pm in News stories
