```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-23T08:43:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police have received one report but have been made aware that there may be others that have not been reported to the police. It\u2019s believed that incidents have been happening since the start of June including the death of a number of cats. We are appealing to anyone who has not yet come [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information about alleged dog attacks in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-about-alleged-dog-attacks-in-scarborough/
title: Appeal for information about alleged dog attacks in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-about-alleged-dog-attacks-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 23 July 2019 at 09:43am

Police in Scarborough are appealing for information about alleged dog attacks against other animals in the Barrowcliffe area.

North Yorkshire Police have received one report but have been made aware that there may be others that have not been reported to the police.

It’s believed that incidents have been happening since the start of June including the death of a number of cats.

We are appealing to anyone who has not yet come forward to report an incident, in particular, anyone who may know who owns the dog or dogs and anyone with any visual evidence of the attacks occurring, such as video or photographs.

We understand the incidents have caused concern in the local community and are appealing to local people to come forward with any information to enable us to investigate further.

We will be working with Scarborough Borough Council's Dog Warden team and will use joint powers between both law enforcement teams based on the information we receive.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nathan Stuart. You can also email nathan.stuart@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190133162

Contact details:
 Nathan Stuart \- #3509
nathan.stuart@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190133162
Posted on 23 July 2019 at 09:43am in Local appeals
