```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:23:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-31T11:23:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred on Northallerton High Street.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Road traffic collision - Northallerton High Street - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-traffic-collision-northallerton-high-street/
title: Road traffic collision - Northallerton High Street
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-traffic-collision-northallerton-high-street/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:23am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred on Northallerton High Street.

It happened at 3.20am on Sunday 31 May 2015 and involved a Silver Peugeot 206 colliding with a pedestrian, a 22-year-old local man on Northallerton High Street. The vehicle involved failed to stop after hitting the man who had been on a night out in Northallerton.

The man was injured and had to be taken by ambulance to the Friarage Hospital in Northallerton. As a result of the collision the man sufferred a minor injury to his neck. He was released from hospital a short time later.

PC Gavin Dobson said: "The driver of the Silver Peugeot 206 could have seriously injured or killed the pedestrian, who is lucky to be alive. The car involved also failed to stop after the collision and the driver of the vehicle has a duty to comply with Road Traffic Legislation to report their involvement."

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses who saw the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the registration number of the car and who was driving the vehicle at the time of the collision. It would also be beneficial for the driver of the vehicle to get in touch with the police to report their involvement and assist the police with their enquiries.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gavin Dobson.

You can also email gavin.dobson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150090067 when passing information about this incident.

**31 May 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150090067

Posted on 31 May 2015 at 11:23am in News stories
