```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-24T15:30:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-24T14:20:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "This is a joint statement from North Yorkshire Police and North Yorkshire County Council. Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Head of Safeguarding and\_Stuart Carlton, Director of Children and Young People&#8217;s service for North Yorkshire County Council said: \u201CAlthough this case has reached its conclusion, we acknowledge that many people have been deeply affected [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two teenage boys found guilty of conspiracy to murder - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-teenage-boys-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-to-murder/
title: Two teenage boys found guilty of conspiracy to murder
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-teenage-boys-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-to-murder/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2018 at 04:30pm

Two teenage boys from North Yorkshire have today (Thursday, May 24 2018) been found guilty of conspiracy to murder after a trial at Leeds Crown Court. They will be sentenced at a date to be fixed in July.

This is a joint statement from North Yorkshire Police and North Yorkshire County Council.

Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, North Yorkshire Police's Head of Safeguarding and Stuart Carlton, Director of Children and Young People's service for North Yorkshire County Council said:

“Although this case has reached its conclusion, we acknowledge that many people have been deeply affected and that it has had a significant impact on a small rural town and a school community.

“The local communities have shown great resilience throughout this unsettling time and we thank everyone for their support in helping us to work together as safeguarding agencies, to deliver the best possible support in a timely manner, to those who have really needed us.

“We want to reassure the school community and the wider public that the health and wellbeing of young people and their families will remain at the top of our agenda.

“Safeguarding of children, young people and their families is a priority for all agencies in North Yorkshire. We will continue to work together, to deliver support to all those affected by this event in the weeks and months to come.

“This is a strong community which is committed to its young people and we know we can all pull together to help them to move on with confidence from these difficult times.

“The public of North Yorkshire are our eyes and ears. We ask that you look out for one another, talk to each other, and encourage each other to come forward and talk to the police if you have concerns about any suspicious activity – be it online, in your local area or any location across North Yorkshire.

“We are here to help. We will listen to your concerns and make sure any necessary action is taken and appropriate support is provided."

For more information please click here.

Speaking about the criticism at the start of the trial relating to North Yorkshire Police's initial investigation and response, Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, said: "We fully accept that standards of investigation and our initial responses, to some of the incidents, did not meet those standards that are expected of us and what we strive to deliver.

“These were unusual circumstances, and once the seriousness of the allegations were realised, we turned to the North East Counter Terrorism officers for their specialist assistance and support.

“A senior officer has since reviewed the issues and addressed these with a number of officers and staff.

“We will continue to asses our policies and procedures to ensure our officers provide the best possible service to the public.

“I offer my reassurance to the communities of North Yorkshire that the safety of the public remains paramount”.

Posted on 24 May 2018 at 03:20pm in News stories
