```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-06T13:07:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The volunteer police officers attended their attestation at force headquarters in Northallerton on Thursday (5 July 2018), which is a formal declaration performed in front of a magistrate. &nbsp; This marks the completion of their mandatory initial training. This is made up of three to four months of weekend-based training, including one foundation week. Special [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Specials-Attestation-group-3-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New Special Constables ready to serve - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-special-constables-ready-to-serve/
title: New Special Constables ready to serve
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-special-constables-ready-to-serve/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2018 at 02:07pm

North Yorkshire Police has held a ceremony for seven Special Constables who are now ready to serve their communities.

The volunteer police officers attended their attestation at force headquarters in Northallerton on Thursday (5 July 2018), which is a formal declaration performed in front of a magistrate.

This marks the completion of their mandatory initial training. This is made up of three to four months of weekend-based training, including one foundation week.

Special Constables are committed to volunteering a minimum of 16 hours’ service every month.

Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, who hosted the ceremony, said: “It is a privilege to welcome the latest Special Constables to our team.

“At North Yorkshire Police, we continually strive to improve the standards of service that we provide to our communities. Special Constables play a vital part in that ongoing process, as well as embodying our values of courage, compassion and inspiration in their new roles.”

The attested officers are:

**Jess Georgiou - York**

Jess said: “I have wanted to join the police service for a few years and long-term would love to join the regulars if they would have me. I am a caring and empathetic person, and feel I will be able to support victims of crime and assist people to make positive changes in their life.

“I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the trainers who have supported me through this journey. I have met some amazing people and had fun along the way.

“The best thing I got out of this process is to be able to socialise with adults after 10 years of being a full-time mum.

“Finally, I would like to thank my family for helping me through this journey, especially my husband who probably knows more about the law than me through helping me revise.”

**Jon Jones – Northallerton**

**** Jon said: “I have served as a Special Constable with West Mercia Police since 2011. I initially joined to find out more about the role, before committing to a full-time career in the service. But I found that being a ‘career Special’ suited my lifestyle better, and I could remain in my current job which I really enjoy.

“After relocating from Herefordshire to North Yorkshire, I decided that I wanted to continue this role, and serve my new community. I contacted the North Yorkshire Specials’ Chief Officer and was encouraged to bring my experience to the force.

“As national and local policing policies evolve, I decided to start my training from the beginning. All aspects of the training have been very comprehensive and demanding.

“Good luck to my training colleagues. I am looking forward to working with my new team.”

**Nathan Knowles - York**

Nathan said: “After joining the Force Control Room and now training to be a Special Constable, it has only strengthened my life-long ambition to become a police officer.

“Becoming a Special has been interesting, exciting and challenging at times, but without a doubt it’s the best thing I have ever chosen to do.

“This process has taught me a lot and I’m very excited to face the challenges of modern day policing, whilst putting all the skills I’ve learnt into practice allowing me to develop and have a positive impact within local communities.”

**Ben Mulderrig – Malton**

**** Ben said: “From a young age it has been an ambition of mine to join the police, but after completing a public service qualification I didn’t feel like I had the experience.

“Since then, with five years as a carer for people with learning disabilities, I have gained that experience. I have always enjoyed roles where the work I do and my actions really matter, and throughout my training it has reinforced that this area of work is right for me.

“I am now looking forward to gaining further experience and putting my new knowledge to use, making a positive impact with North Yorkshire Police and the local community.”

**Charlotte Richardson - Harrogate**

Charlotte said: “I can’t say that I have always wanted to join the police, but I have always wanted to help people and contribute to the community.

“Joining North Yorkshire Police as a Special Constable, I feel is a great way for me to achieve this, and stop the bad guys while I’m at it.

“This process hasn’t been easy, but I couldn’t imagine going through this course with a better bunch of people and consider them all not just colleagues but friends.

“I am now looking forward to the next stage and I’m excited to see what comes next when we get out on the streets.”

**Zoe Todd – Scarborough**

Zoe said: “While studying law at university my tutor suggested I should consider a career with North Yorkshire Police. I applied to be a Special Constable and haven’t looked back.

“Since starting training I have loved every moment and have come home with a huge smile on my face. From learning more about the law and its application in modern policing to getting involved in the action during our officer safety training, I hope one day I can apply what I have learnt and become a full-time police officer.

“I am now looking forward to facing new challenges, putting my skills and knowledge to the test and making a positive impact in my local community.

“Although this journey has been difficult, I couldn’t have done it without the support of my family and amazing classmates. The memories we have made will never be forgotten. We have laughed, cried and had a few bruises during the officer safety training, but I am so proud of what everyone has achieved - here’s to our future!”

**Charlotte White – Scarborough**

**** Charlotte said: “I joined North Yorkshire Police in 2016 when I started working in the front office at Scarborough.

“I had always wanted to be a police officer, but felt that I didn’t have the confidence and skills to become one.

“I decided to apply to become a Special Constable to see if it was for me. I remember leaving the assessment day for the Specials and telling my dad, who had waited for me for hours in the HQ car park, that it had been the hardest interview I had ever done.

“I think I felt like this because it meant so much to me to become a Special Constable.

“I have learnt so much during this course and I can’t wait to be able to go out and put it into practice and give time to the community and face new challenges.

“Becoming a Special Constable is something that I am very proud of and it will aid me in my current role and allow me to grow my policing knowledge.”

**Specials recruitment – have you got what it takes?**

**** North Yorkshire Police is currently recruiting Special Constables.

**** Specials come from all walks of life and backgrounds, which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their full-time colleagues.

We are hoping to receive applications from people who want to enjoy being a Special Constable alongside their existing careers, or those who have retired or perhaps found themselves in a new chapter in their lives and need a new and exciting challenge.

If you feel inspired and you want to apply, please go to: http://owl.li/3JdX30kz9FZ

Posted on 6 July 2018 at 02:07pm in News stories
