```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-11T14:19:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Project Alliance complements the Governments Serious Organised Crime strategy and makes it easier for organisations to work together to make our communities safer. It aims to disrupt and prevent a range of organised crime groups, involved in a range of criminality including drugs, human trafficking and modern slavery, child sexual exploitation and firearms offences. Project [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Joining forces to disrupt and reduce organised crime in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joining-forces-disrupt-reduce-organised-crime-north-yorkshire/
title: Joining forces to disrupt and reduce organised crime in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joining-forces-disrupt-reduce-organised-crime-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 11 October 2017 at 03:19pm

A multi-agency project is aiming to tackle organised crime by bringing together partner organisations from across the county.

Project Alliance complements the Governments Serious Organised Crime strategy and makes it easier for organisations to work together to make our communities safer.

It aims to disrupt and prevent a range of organised crime groups, involved in a range of criminality including drugs, human trafficking and modern slavery, child sexual exploitation and firearms offences.

Project Alliance brings together the police, city, district and county councils, fire service, community safety partnerships, health bodies, Revenue and Customs and other important partners and agencies, who will share more information, intelligence and expertise at regular meetings.

It also brings together the range of legal powers that specific organisations have, meaning Project Alliance members have more options when it comes to tackling, preventing and reducing offending.

Detective Inspector Eamonn Clarke of North Yorkshire Police said: “Like every county in the UK, organised crime groups do operate in North Yorkshire and partnership working is one of the best weapons we have in the fight against them

“Project Alliance allows us to do this more often, and jointly focuses on the most effective ways to make our communities safer.

“Day-to-day, people might hear more about policing operations in which we’ve worked closely with other partners in North Yorkshire, or even brought down organised crime groups by working together.

“We expect Project Alliance to evolve over the next few years. We hope it will become an even more effective tool in not only disrupting organised crime, but also protecting people from organised crime and making our communities even safer.”

Dr Justin Ives, Chairman of the North Yorkshire Community Safety Partnership (NYCSP) said: “The partnership welcomes this new initiative across the policing area and as Chair of the NYCSP, I am confident that each partner agency will be able to fully play their part in disrupting these groups to continue to keep our area one of the safest in the country.”

Project Alliance was developed in response to the government’s aim of substantially reducing the level of serious and organised crime affecting the UK.

North Yorkshire’s response has been recognised by the Home Office as one of the best-attended multi-agency partnerships nationally.

Police officers, Specials, and staff at North Yorkshire Police have been told how they can play their part, even if they do not work in a role that directly involves organised crime.

The approach is built around a strategy called the 4Ps – Pursue, Prevent, Protect and Prepare in the fight against serious and organised crime.

Posted on 11 October 2017 at 03:19pm in News stories
