```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-02-08T14:18:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened around Heworth Road and Stockton Lane between 8.45am and 9.15am on Thursday 2 February 2017. It involved a Ford Focus and a Volkswagen Golf. The vehicles were both reported to have driven toward oncoming traffic and onto the footpath, causing vehicles and pedestrians to take evasive action to avoid a collision and potentially [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following dangerous driving in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-dangerous-driving-york/
title: Appeal following dangerous driving in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-dangerous-driving-york/
```

Last modified: 8 February 2017 at 02:18pm

Police in York are appealing for witnesses after two cars were seen driving dangerously through York.

It happened around Heworth Road and Stockton Lane between 8.45am and 9.15am on Thursday 2 February 2017.

It involved a Ford Focus and a Volkswagen Golf.

The vehicles were both reported to have driven toward oncoming traffic and onto the footpath, causing vehicles and pedestrians to take evasive action to avoid a collision and potentially serious injury.

PC Luke Anderson of York Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “What makes this incident more concerning is that it occurred during a very busy morning drop-off period for two local primary schools. It was very fortunate that lives were not lost as a result of the dangerous manner in which these vehicles were being driven.

“While a number of witnesses have come forward, we believe there were other people in the area who may have seen the incident and I urge them to contact us as they may have vital information which could assist with this enquiry.”

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Luke Alderson. You can also email luke.alderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170018573.

Posted on 8 February 2017 at 02:18pm in News stories
