```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-05-14T15:16:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 10.15pm on 13 May 2019, officers on patrol became suspicious due to the manner of driving of a vehicle on the A1 southbound near Knaresborough. The car was stopped by officers on the A1 at Wetherby services where they recovered a bag of white powder that was thrown from the vehicle. The men [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two Middlesbrough men arrested as police continue crackdown on drugs - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-middlesbrough-men-arrested-as-police-continue-crackdown-on-drugs/
title: Two Middlesbrough men arrested as police continue crackdown on drugs
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-middlesbrough-men-arrested-as-police-continue-crackdown-on-drugs/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2019 at 04:16pm

Two Middlesbrough men were arrested last night as police in North Yorkshire continue to target potential “county lines” drug dealing.

At around 10.15pm on 13 May 2019, officers on patrol became suspicious due to the manner of driving of a vehicle on the A1 southbound near Knaresborough.

The car was stopped by officers on the A1 at Wetherby services where they recovered a bag of white powder that was thrown from the vehicle.

The men and the car were searched and officers recovered suspected drugs, cash and mobile phones. The pair were arrested and the driver, a 30-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply, driving while disqualified and drug driving. His passenger, a 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

Both men remain in police custody.

Part of the investigation will be to determine any links with so-called “county lines” drug dealing. This is the term given to a form of drug supply by organised criminals from urban areas who travel to smaller county towns to pedal drugs often forcing exploited children and vulnerable people to sell and transport drugs on their behalf.

Information from emmbers of the public is one of the most important factors in helping the police disrupt drug dealing and the criminality and antisocial behaviour associated with it. Anyone who is concerned about drug dealing in their neighbourhood or has any information at all, should call the police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

The signs to look out for include:

• Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Posted on 14 May 2019 at 04:16pm in News stories
