```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-22T12:36:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-22T12:35:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: James Andrew Thornton, 34, whose behaviour has had a negative impact on people in Filey, has been banned from being drunk in any public place in the country until 2021. At Scarborough Magistrates Court on 12 March 2018, Thornton was made subject to an amended criminal behaviour order. The order requires Thornton to not be [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/James-Andrew-THORNTON-07-11-83.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police secure court order to protect Filey from man&#039;s unacceptable behaviour - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-secure-court-order-protect-filey-mans-unacceptable-behaviour/
title: Police secure court order to protect Filey from man's unacceptable behaviour
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-secure-court-order-protect-filey-mans-unacceptable-behaviour/
```

Last modified: 22 March 2018 at 12:36pm

A court order will protect people in Filey from a man’s drunken and intimidating behaviour.

James Andrew Thornton, 34, whose behaviour has had a negative impact on people in Filey, has been banned from being drunk in any public place in the country until 2021.

At Scarborough Magistrates Court on 12 March 2018, Thornton was made subject to an amended criminal behaviour order.

The order requires Thornton to not be in a state of drunkenness in any public place in England or Wales, and not to be in possession of any open container of alcohol in a public place. It will remain in force until 31 December 2021.

A previous order, with different conditions (including a requirement to attend sessions to address his alcohol issues), was put in place on 31 December 2015.

However, since then, Thornton has continued to commit acts that caused harassment, alarm and distress in the town.

PC Phil Charlton, of Filey Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Filey is a wonderful place to live, work and visit, and people quite rightly expect to be able to go about their daily lives without having to witness drunken, intimidating behaviour.

“Thornton has been given every opportunity to change his behaviour and obtain specialist assistance in relation to any alcohol issues he has.

“However, despite the hard work of the police and many partner agencies, his actions have continued to have a negative impact on the lives of residents and visitors in Filey.

“Breaching a criminal behaviour order is a serious offence for which someone can be arrested and potentially sent to prison. I hope that this order will result in Thornton modifying his behaviour, and provide respite to the Filey community.”

Anyone who becomes aware of any breaches of a criminal behaviour order should call North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Posted on 22 March 2018 at 12:35pm in News stories
