```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-08T09:39:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after two knifepoint robberies in the north of York, suspected to be linked.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Reassurance patrols in York after knife robberies - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reassurance-patrols-york-knife-robberies/
title: Reassurance patrols in York after knife robberies
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reassurance-patrols-york-knife-robberies/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police are appealing for witnesses after two knifepoint robberies in the north of York, suspected to be linked.

At about 11.45pm on Friday 5 May 2017, a man and a woman walking along Newborough Street were approached by three men riding bikes from the direction of Shipton Street.

One of the men head-butted the male victim, aged in his 20s, in the face. He then produced a knife and demanded that the victim give him his wallet. The victim walked away from the suspect. No items were taken from him, but he did require hospital treatment for a facial injury.

The suspect was very vocal and aggressive, and is described as white, about 21 year old, of skinny build, 5ft 7ins tall, with dark brown hair cut short but the same length all over, and brown eyes. He was wearing a light grey tracksuit and riding a dark-coloured bike.

At about 11.50pm the same day, another man, aged in his 20s, was approached on Grosvenor Road by three men on bicycles. One of them produced a knife and demanded the victim hand over his wallet. The victim did so, and the three men cycled off towards Scarborough Terrace. The stolen wallet was brown leather and contained cash and bank cards.

The suspect behaved aggressively, and is described as white, in his late 20s or early 30s, 5ft 11ins to 6ft tall. He had a heavy eye-brow ridge, flat nose and sunken cheeks and spoke with a thick accent. He was wearing a grey, loose-fitting tracksuit over a dark t-shirt. He was on a dark-coloured BMX-type bike.

The other two men were described as wearing dark tracksuits with their hoods up, both riding dark mountain bikes.

Officers from York Neighbourhood Policing Team have been conducting extra reassurance patrols in the area as the investigation into the robberies continues.

Anyone with information about the robberies is asked to contact DC Robert Brook, of the York Serious Crime Team. Please dial 101 and select option 2. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference numbers 12170077433 and 12170077434 when passing information.

Posted on 8 May 2017 at 09:39am in News stories
