```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-06T09:01:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police has today launched a six-month awareness campaign to help the public protect themselves against fraud. Titled \u2018Take Five North Yorkshire\u2019, the campaign is designed to help the public to recognise fraudulent activity and confidently challenge any requests for personal or financial details. The campaign reinforces the official advice developed for the national [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/30118248_10156234749512528_1930073316_n-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire Police launches \u2018Take Five North Yorkshire\u2019 campaign to help the public to protect themselves against fraud - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-take-five-north-yorkshire-campaign-help-public-protect-fraud/
title: "North Yorkshire Police launches \u2018Take Five North Yorkshire\u2019 campaign to help the public to protect themselves against fraud"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-take-five-north-yorkshire-campaign-help-public-protect-fraud/
```

Last modified: 6 April 2018 at 10:01am

North Yorkshire Police has today launched a six-month awareness campaign to help the public protect themselves against fraud.

North Yorkshire Police has today launched a six-month awareness campaign to help the public protect themselves against fraud.

Titled ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’, the campaign is designed to help the public to recognise fraudulent activity and confidently challenge any requests for personal or financial details.

The campaign reinforces the official advice developed for the national ‘Take Five to Stop Fraud’ campaign, a partnership between the Government and UK Finance, with support from the banking industry, to encourage people to take a moment to stop and think before parting with their money or personal details.

‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ specifically focuses on the most common enablers of fraud within North Yorkshire, phone, online sales and email, and the simple, easy to remember advice that can help us, our friends and family, and businesses to stay safe.

This comes as criminals increasingly use sophisticated impersonation frauds to trick members of the public into giving away their personal or financial information. In these deceptions fraudsters contact victims by phone, email or text pretending to represent a trusted organisation, such as a bank, and request further information such as a full password or PIN.

This information is then used by criminals to access customer accounts, withdraw money or make card payments. Fraudsters also trick victims into transferring money directly into a safe account or into the account of a supposed trusted organisation.

The ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ campaign highlights these techniques to help the public recognise them; and encourages everyone to question uninvited approaches and never give out personal or financial details.

Speaking on the launch of the new campaign, Detective Inspector Jon Hodgeon, Head of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Fraud and Economic Crime Unit said:

“Fraud remains a widespread problem both nationally and right here in North Yorkshire and tackling it is a top priority for North Yorkshire Police.

“Fraudsters are becoming increasingly sophisticated in the way that they ruthlessly target people and businesses for their hard-earned money.

“Our ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ campaign will highlight the techniques that fraudsters use to help the public recognise them and raise awareness of the simple steps that our communities can take to protect themselves against fraud.”

**How to stay safe from fraud**

‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ urges members of public to help stay safe from fraud by following this simple advice:

 * A genuine bank or organisation will never contact you asking for your PIN, full password or to move money to a safe account.
 * Never give out personal or financial information. Always contact the company directly using a known email or phone number.
 * Don’t be tricked into giving a fraudster access to your details. Never automatically click on a link in an unexpected email or text.
 * Always question uninvited approaches, in case it’s a scam.

You can find out more about the campaign, and get advice on how to beat fraudsters by visiting northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud (opens in a new window), and following North Yorkshire Police on Facebook (opens in a new window) and Twitter (opens in a new window).

**If you are a victim of fraud**

If you believe that you are the victim of fraud, you should contact Action Fraud. You can report the incident using Action Fraud’s online fraud reporting tool anytime of the day or night, or call 0300 123 2040, unless:

 * A crime is in progress of about to be committed.
 * The suspect is known or can be easily identified.
 * The crime involves a vulnerable victim.

If this is the case you should contact police directly either by dialling 999 in an emergency, dialling 101 in non-emergency or visiting your local police station. For further information see actionfraud.police.uk

To pass information on anonymously you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org.

Posted on 6 April 2018 at 10:01am in News stories
