```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-04-03T15:36:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Better weather is on its way, and while we would usually be gearing up to enjoy everything that our beautiful county has to offer, we have to remember why we must stay at home. We\u2019ve seen some tragic headlines over the past few weeks, providing a very sobering reminder of why the Government are instructing [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/04/Stay-at-Home-Gov-1024x576.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Coronavirus: Thank you York and North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/coronavirus-thank-you-york-and-north-yorkshire/
title: 'Coronavirus: Thank you York and North Yorkshire'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/coronavirus-thank-you-york-and-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 3 April 2020 at 04:36pm

As we approach the weekend we would like to thank everyone for their support over the past few weeks as we have all adjusted to the challenging circumstances and changes to our normal way of life.

Better weather is on its way, and while we would usually be gearing up to enjoy everything that our beautiful county has to offer, we have to remember why we must stay at home. We’ve seen some tragic headlines over the past few weeks, providing a very sobering reminder of why the Government are instructing us to stay at home.

So although it may be tempting, we urge you not to make unnecessary journeys, adhere to social distancing, and remember that all those gorgeous places will still be there when we have come through this.

Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker said: “This week we’ve seen empty streets and empty roads and we’re heartened by the support of the vast majority of people across York and North Yorkshire.

“We’ll be continuing with our high-visibility patrols this weekend to engage with members of the public, explain what the restrictions are and encouraging them to follow them. We will only issue a fine as a last resort and really hope that we don’t have to issue any at all.

“Please be sensible, please remember our NHS colleagues and the very difficult job they are doing right now, and remember the people who’ve lost their loved ones and the reasons why these restrictions are now part of our way of life. We are all in this together, we need your help, and each one of us can do a little bit that will make not just a huge difference, but the difference between life and death. So please only make essential journeys, stay at home, protect the NHS and save lives. Thank you.

Follow this link to the Government's stay at home guidance

Posted on 3 April 2020 at 04:36pm in News stories
