```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-28T14:07:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Matthew Lee Scaife, aged 36, of Crown Terrace, Scarborough, was sentenced to 20 years in prison at York Crown Court on Friday 23 October 2020. He had previously been found guilty of nine offences, including four counts of rape, two counts of sexual assault, inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, and two counts [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/SCAIFE-Matthew-Lee-100884-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man who groomed and raped 12-year-old girl jailed for 20 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-who-groomed-and-raped-12-year-old-girl-jailed-for-20-years/
title: Man who groomed and raped 12-year-old girl jailed for 20 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-who-groomed-and-raped-12-year-old-girl-jailed-for-20-years/
```

Last modified: 28 October 2020 at 02:07pm

North Yorkshire Police’s Online Abuse & Exploitation Team has helped to secure justice against a man who raped and sexually abused a 12-year-old girl in 2016.

Matthew Lee Scaife, aged 36, of Crown Terrace, Scarborough, was sentenced to 20 years in prison at York Crown Court on Friday 23 October 2020.

He had previously been found guilty of nine offences, including four counts of rape, two counts of sexual assault, inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, and two counts of making indecent images of children.

The offences against the girl occurred between May and September 2016 in the Scarborough and Malton areas.

The indecent images of children offences, which consisted of both Category B and Category C material, were uncovered in March 2017.

As well as the long custodial sentence, Scaife also received an extended five year licence on his release from prison, was made subject to a life-long Sexual Harm Prevention Order and placed on the sex offenders' register for life.

Judge Simon Hickey told Scaife: “I am certain you knew that she was a vulnerable girl and that is why you targeted her and groomed her.

“You are, in my judgement, dangerous.”

Detective Sergeant Lee Allenby, of Online Abuse & Exploitation Team, praised the work of the investigation team led by Detective Constable Clair Gascoyne.

He said: “First and foremost, it is very pleasing that we have been able to secure justice for the brave victim who has endured significant abuse and trauma at such a young age.

“We truly hope the outcome at court provides some comfort and gives her strength for the future.

“As for Matthew Scaife, he is clearly a very dangerous and depraved individual who is rightfully in prison for a very long time. Not only that, he will be closely monitored by the authorities for the rest of his life.”

**Seeking further support, advice and ways of reporting child abuse:**

**North Yorkshire Police**

**** Call us on **101** if you have been a victim of abuse.

If you are in **immediate danger, always dial 999 for an emergency response**.

**NSPCC Helplines:**

 * Anyone concerned about a child can contact the **NSPCC Helpline** for advice on **0808 800 5000**. Adult victims of non-recent sexual abuse can also get in touch for support.
 * **Childline** is available for young people on **0800 1111** or at **childline.org.uk**

**North Yorkshire Safeguarding Children Partnership - ****www.safeguardingchildren.co.uk**

**City of York Safeguarding Children Partnership (CYSCP) - ****www.saferchildrenyork.org.uk**

**Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC)**

Victims who would prefer not to go direct to the police and are not in immediate danger, can contact Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), on 0330 223 0362, email **bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net** or go to ******www.bridgehousesarc.org/**

You can also contact the Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire at **www.supportingvictims.org** or call 01609 643100.

Posted on 28 October 2020 at 02:07pm in News stories
