```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:02:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-04T10:01:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man who threw a lit smoke grenade at a North Yorkshire Police safety camera van has been sentenced today.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man who threw smoke grenade at a police safety camera van is sentenced - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-threw-smoke-grenade-police-safety-camera-van-sentenced-2/
title: Man who threw smoke grenade at a police safety camera van is sentenced
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-threw-smoke-grenade-police-safety-camera-van-sentenced-2/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:02am

A man who threw a lit smoke grenade at a North Yorkshire Police safety camera van has been sentenced today.

ke Sarup, 22, of Foxholes near Driffield, pleaded guilty to causing a public nuisance.

At 5.30pm on the 6 September 2015, Sarup was in the back of a Vauxhall Corsa which was travelling on the A64 in the village of Sherburn, heading towards Scarborough.

The smoke resulted in reduced visibility on the A64 and posed a potential safety hazard to other road users.

Sarup was sentenced to a 12-month community order with 120 hours of unpaid work when he appeared at York Crown Court today, 4 April 2016. He was also ordered to pay £500 in costs and a £60 victim surcharge.

Traffic Constable Andy Forth who attended the sentencing said: "North Yorkshire Police fully supports the prosecution of Sarup. To throw a lit smoke grenade out of a moving vehicle, onto the busy A64 carriageway, was both irresponsible and dangerous.

"It could have resulted in not only a major collision due to the reduction in visibility on the road at that time, but also in damage to property or injury to any other person nearby."

Dave Brown, Traffic Bureau Manager said: "This deliberate and irresponsible act could have had catastrophic consequences to innocent road users on the road and the court result imposed reflects that public safety concern."

**4 April 2016**

Posted on 4 April 2016 at 10:01am in News stories
