```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-29T16:03:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-29T16:00:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The CCTV appeal follows an earlier appeal that was issued at the time of the incident. It happened near to the junction of Boroughbridge Road and Beckfield Lane in the Acomb area between 3.20pm and 3.43pm on Wednesday 7 October 2020. Officers are asking members of the public to get in touch if they recognise [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Suspect-12200176367.PNG
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV appeal after 12-year-old boy assaulted in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-12-year-old-boy-assaulted-in-york/
title: CCTV appeal after 12-year-old boy assaulted in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-12-year-old-boy-assaulted-in-york/
```

Last modified: 29 October 2020 at 04:03pm

Police have now issued CCTV of a male they would like to speak to following an incident that occurred in Acomb.

Do you recognise this person?

The CCTV appeal follows an earlier appeal that was issued at the time of the incident.

It happened near to the junction of Boroughbridge Road and Beckfield Lane in the Acomb area between 3.20pm and 3.43pm on Wednesday 7 October 2020.

Officers are asking members of the public to get in touch if they recognise the person in the image as they believe they will have information that will help the investigation.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Rachel Hughes or email rachel.hughes@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12200176367 when passing on information.

* * *

**Original release: Appeal after 12-year-old boy assaulted in York**

_Published on: 9 Oct 2020_

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault in Acomb, York.

It happened near to the junction of Boroughbridge Road and Beckfield Lane, between 3.20pm and 3.43pm on Wednesday 7 October 2020. A 12-year-old boy was pushed from his bike by an unidentified male into the road and oncoming traffic.

The boy sustained a soft tissue injury to his ankle, which has been treated at hospital. The boy is understandably shaken by this incident.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information regarding the identity of the male, or anyone who may have dash camera footage of the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rachel Hughes. You can also email rachel.hughes@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200176367.

Contact details:
 Rachel Hughes \- #356
rachel.hughes@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12200176367
Posted on 29 October 2020 at 04:00pm in Local appeals
