```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-08T14:48:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating the serious sexual assault in Knaresborough on Sunday have issued a description of the suspect and are appealing for two potential witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police investigating Knaresborough serious sexual assault appeal for two important witnesses to come forward - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigating-knaresborough-serious-sexual-assault-appeal-for-two-important-witnesses-to-come-forward/
title: Police investigating Knaresborough serious sexual assault appeal for two important witnesses to come forward
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigating-knaresborough-serious-sexual-assault-appeal-for-two-important-witnesses-to-come-forward/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police investigating the serious sexual assault in Knaresborough on Sunday have issued a description of the suspect and are appealing for two potential witnesses to come forward.

The suspect is described as 5ft 7ins to 6ft in height, and of large build - not fat, but muscular and heavy-boned. He was wearing baggy black trousers and an oversized black hoodie with a large pocket to the front, and his face was covered.

Detectives also need to speak to two separate men who were seen in the area where the incident took place on Sunday 5 April. The first was seen in the school grounds between 7am and 7.15am. The second was seen in the school grounds between 9am and 9.15am.

Detective Chief Inspector Allan Harder, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "It is very important that I speak to anyone who was in the area of King James's School on the morning of Sunday 5 April. If you have not already contacted the police, please do so straight away. In particular, I want to trace two separate men who were seen in the school grounds on that day. I believe that both of these men may have important information that could assist this investigation.

"I would also urge anyone who recognises the description of the suspect and his clothing to contact me as a matter of urgency."

Officers are carrying out reassurance patrols in Knaresborough as the investigation continues.

Anyone who can help with this enquiry should contact North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101 - select option 2 and ask for Harrogate CID.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote incident number 12150055295 when passing on any information about this incident.

Posted on 8 April 2015 at 02:48pm in News stories
