```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-21T13:11:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers were called to Unity Grove at around 11.30pm on Friday 20 October where they discovered one man with stab injuries and another with a cut to his hand and other superficial injuries. Both men were taken to hospital. Around 10 minutes earlier, police were called to Skipton Road, close to Bilton Working Men\u2019s Club, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after two serious assaults in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-two-serious-assaults-harrogate/
title: Appeal after two serious assaults in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-two-serious-assaults-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Detectives in Harrogate are appealing for witnesses following two serious assaults in the town involving several people.

Officers were called to Unity Grove at around 11.30pm on Friday 20 October where they discovered one man with stab injuries and another with a cut to his hand and other superficial injuries. Both men were taken to hospital.

Around 10 minutes earlier, police were called to Skipton Road, close to Bilton Working Men’s Club, to reports that a man had had a substance sprayed in his eyes which left them reddened. He did not attend hospital.

Officers found a fourth man at the location with knife wounds. He was also taken to hospital. Police are linking this incident with the assaults in unity Grove.

None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.

Officers want to hear from anyone who was in the area between Skipton Road, King's Road and Bilton Drive at the time or has any other information that could assist the investigation to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option two and ask for Harrogate Serious Crime Team, or email ForceControlRoom@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12170188711 when passing on information.

Two people – a man and a woman in their 40s have been arrested in connection with the incident and remain in police custody.

Officers believe that the incident was targeted and that the wider community was not at risk.

Unity Grove remains closed while officers examine the scene of the incident.

Our thanks go to members of the public for their patience and understanding while we deal with this incident.

Posted on 21 October 2017 at 02:11pm in News stories
