```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-11T09:48:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Cordial is a new initiative to respond to burglaries in York. When a house is burgled, police deploy extra resources in the immediate area to provide reassurance and support to the community. York Neighbourhood Policing Team will be working alongside volunteers, police cadets and Special Constables to visit streets where a burglary has occurred. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police in York launch new operation to keep the city a no-go area for burglars - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-york-launch-new-operation-keep-city-no-go-area-burglars/
title: Police in York launch new operation to keep the city a no-go area for burglars
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-york-launch-new-operation-keep-city-no-go-area-burglars/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police in York have launched a new operation to ensure the city remains a no-go area for burglars.

Operation Cordial is a new initiative to respond to burglaries in York. When a house is burgled, police deploy extra resources in the immediate area to provide reassurance and support to the community.

York Neighbourhood Policing Team will be working alongside volunteers, police cadets and Special Constables to visit streets where a burglary has occurred. They will provide crime prevention tips and advice to residents, as well as discuss other crime prevention initiatives such as the North Yorkshire Community Messaging (NYCM) service and dot peen property marking, which have already proven a success.

Insp Lee Pointon, of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Operation Cordial will be implemented in every street in York where there has been a burglary, and will provide reassurance and support to our communities. Our aim is to improve police visibility and engagement within the local community, and help keep York a very safe place.

“By offering advice ‘surgeries’ to the public in targeted areas and promoting other successful crime prevention tools, we can educate members of the public on how to protect their property as well as deterring would-be criminals.”

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free service that allows residents to register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news for their local neighbourhood. It is used by more than 20,000 people across York and North Yorkshire.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

Posted on 11 September 2017 at 10:48am in News stories
