```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:33:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-10T12:33:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Below are the enforcement locations for North Yorkshire Police&#039;s mobile safety cameras for week commencing Friday 13 May 2016.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police mobile safety camera routes Friday 13 May to Thursday 19 May 2016 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-mobile-safety-camera-routes-friday-13-may-thursday-19-may-2016/
title: North Yorkshire Police mobile safety camera routes Friday 13 May to Thursday 19 May 2016
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-mobile-safety-camera-routes-friday-13-may-thursday-19-may-2016/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:33pm

Below are the enforcement locations for North Yorkshire Police's mobile safety cameras for week commencing Friday 13 May 2016.

The safety cameras are now more visible than ever before with each of the vehicles bearing the same hi-vis livery as North Yorkshire Police's marked vehicle fleet.

All safety camera locations are published on the force website along with an explanation of the various route types.

Members of the public can also view the results of the safety camera enforcement activity on the force website. Up to date data for the previous week is uploaded every week which can be interrogated by route an date ranges http://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/10951

The mobile safety cameras will be in operation at the following sites at various times over the coming week. Cameras will not be in use all day, every day. The locations were accurate when this news release was produced.

Due to operating constraints, our mobile safety camera locations may change without prior warning.

The cameras operate at three difference types of site, these are:

• **Exceptional sites** which are identified through the speed management protocol as being of community concern.

• **Motorcycle routes** - route used by motorcycles that have a high incidence of collisions and antisocial behaviour.

• **Killed or seriously injured** - sites where people have been killed or seriously injured and where excess or inappropriate speed has been deemed to be a factor.

**CURRENT SITES:**
A61 - THIRSK-RIPON-HARROGATE

B6265 - GREEN HAMMERTON-RIPON

A19 - YORK-THIRSK

A19 - THIRSK-CRATHORNE

A168 - KIRK DEIGHTON-DISHFORTH

A168 - DISHFORTH-NORTHALLERTON

A6108 RIPON-SCOTCH CORNER

A66-SCOTCH CORNER TO FORCE BOUNDARY

SCOTTON ROAD -CATTERICK

LEEMING LANE, CATTERICK

B6268 MASHAM ROAD BEDALE

B6265 - RIPON-SKIPTON

A59 - HARROGATE-SKIPTON

A65 - SKIPTON-INGLETON

A684 ELLERBECK-LEYBURN

A684 LEYBURN-GARSDALE HEAD

A658- KNARESBORUOGH-COUNTY BORDER

B6165 KNARESBOROUGH- PATELY BRIDGE

B6479 SETLE-RIBBLEHEAD

A6055 MINSKIP-KNARESBOROUGH

A59 - YORK- HARROGATE

A64 - LEEDS-YORK

A64 - YORK-MALTON

A19 - BALNE MOOR-YORK

B1222 FULFORD-SOUTH MILFORD BORDER

A1041 SELBY-SNAITH

A1036 YORK CENTRAL

A162 BARKSTON ASH

B1217 SAXTON

CHURCH LANE WHELDRAKE

MILLFIELD LANE POPPLETON

STILLINGFLEET MINE

SHERBURN BY PASS

SKIPWTH ROAD ESCRICK

STRENSALL ROAD YORK

A63 SELBY BY PASS

A63 CLIFFE SELBY

A64 - MALTON-SCARBOROUGH

B1257 - MALTON-HELMSLEY

B1257 - HELMSLEY-STOKESLEY

A170 - SCARBOROUGH-PICKERING

A170 - PICKERING-THIRSK

A171 SCARBOROUGH-SCALING DAM

A174 WHITBY- CLEVELAND BORDER

A165 REIGHTON BY PASS

B4127 QUEEN MARGARETS ROAD SCARBOROUGH

A169 LOCKTON HIGH MOOR (FYLINGDALES)

VALLEY ROAD, SCARBOROUGH

Posted on 10 May 2016 at 12:33pm in News stories
