```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-12T12:57:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T11:30:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Operation Cracker will see officers and PCSOs working alongside teams of volunteers and partner agencies, calling on residents \u2013 young and old \u2013 in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people. Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Cracker-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Cracker - promoting safer East Coast communities in time for Christmas - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-cracker-promoting-safer-east-coast-communities-in-time-for-christmas/
title: Operation Cracker - promoting safer East Coast communities in time for Christmas
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-cracker-promoting-safer-east-coast-communities-in-time-for-christmas/
```

Last modified: 12 November 2019 at 12:57pm

Police officers, PCSOs and police volunteers from Filey and Eastfield Police Stations are launching a winter initiative to keep older residents safe during the run up to Christmas and into the New Year.

Operation Cracker will see officers and PCSOs working alongside teams of volunteers and partner agencies, calling on residents – young and old – in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people.

Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an eye out for their more vulnerable neighbours.

The operation will run from 15 November 2019 through to mid-January next year.

In addition to calling on residents, officers will be connecting with the community through a programme of roadshows and drop-ins in supermarkets, libraries and cafes.

Operation Cracker is a partnership initiative, drawing in support and expertise from different organisations, including McCain Foods, who have been instrumental in assisting the project to connect with the community, designing and producing a booklet to be handed out.

Jennifer Domett, from McCain, said: “As a business, safety is our number one priority with our employees. When we heard about Operation Cracker, we thought it was the perfect opportunity to extend our commitment to safety to our neighbours. We wanted to support this initiative to ensure the Eastfield community have all the information they need to feel and stay safe.”

Sergeant Harriet Williamson, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “The dark nights and colder weather means older people, or those with limited mobility, may feel vulnerable. During Operation Cracker we will visit areas where there is a higher population of older people, making sure they are equipped with the right support to help them stay safe.

“We provide advice such as home security and how to keep your valuables safe when you’re out and about, as well as sign-posting to support from partner agencies and local groups that can provide support.

“Older people are often vulnerable to telephone fraud and in visiting them during the operation we will be able to explain the warning signs.”

Other partners supporting the initiative include: North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, NatWest Bank, Scarborough and Ryedale Carers Resource, Filey Lions, Beyond Housing and North Yorkshire County Council’s Road Safety Partnership 95 Alive.

Posted on 11 November 2019 at 11:30am in News stories
