```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-06-24T11:28:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at around 3.15pm on 19 June, when two men got out of ta silver Citroen Picasso taxi and threw a bottle at the passenger side window of a white Audi A5. As a result of this, both the driver (21 year old female from York) and the passenger (21 year old male from [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following violent incident in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-violent-incident-in-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses following violent incident in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-violent-incident-in-york/
```

Last modified: 24 June 2020 at 12:28pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent incident on Fishergate loop, near to the junction of Piccadilly in York.

It happened at around 3.15pm on 19 June, when two men got out of ta silver Citroen Picasso taxi and threw a bottle at the passenger side window of a white Audi A5.

As a result of this, both the driver (21 year old female from York) and the passenger (21 year old male from York) of the Audi received multiple cuts to their faces, from the broken glass. The driver of the vehicle attended York hospital for treatment to her injuries.

The men who got out of the taxi are described as white men in their mid twenties.

A black Ford Mondeo was behind the man when the bottle was thrown at the Audi and CCTV footage shows three women and one man witnessing the incident taking place on the Piccadilly side of the road.

Were you the driver of the black Ford Mondeo that one of the offenders stood in front of to throw the bottle? Were you one of the pedestrians walking along the footpath at the time? Were you the driver of the silver Citroen Picasso taxi? We are asking anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward.

A 25 year old man has been arrested in connection with the incident. He has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC 727 Allison. You can also email 000727@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200103838.

Date 24th June 2020.

Contact details:
 Jessica Allison \- #0727
000727@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643294 (Hub Sgt Desk) / Ext: 30727
Incident reference:
 12200103838
Posted on 24 June 2020 at 12:28pm in Local appeals
