```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-19T11:54:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-19T11:52:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Hornbeam Crescent on the night of\_ Saturday 17 August\_ between 9.30pm and 10pm when the offender(s) entered the victim&#8217;s home, made a search of their bedrooms and took a large amount of jewellery. Officers are appealing to anyone who saw any suspicious activity, people or vehicles in Hornbeam Crescent on Saturday night [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after jewellery stolen from Harrogate home - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-15/
title: Appeal after jewellery stolen from Harrogate home
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-15/
```

Last modified: 19 August 2019 at 12:54pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Harrogate.

It happened on Hornbeam Crescent on the night of Saturday 17 August between 9.30pm and 10pm when the offender(s) entered the victim's home, made a search of their bedrooms and took a large amount of jewellery.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw any suspicious activity, people or vehicles in Hornbeam Crescent on Saturday night or has any information about the whereabouts of the stolen property which includes:

-A long pearl necklace.
-A small 18ct gold ladies pocket watch with a white face and filigree on the back on a long 18ct gold chain.
-A silver chain necklace with some pearls on, the necklace is not very valuable but belonged to victim's mother and held sentimental value.
-A silver with gold filigree patterned pendant on a heavy rose gold men's fob-chain .
-A harem ring consisting of five fine gold bands set with small diamonds and emeralds.
-A white gold ring with a pink sapphire stone with two diamonds either side
-Two patterned broad gold wedding rings
-Gold flower shaped earrings with diamonds set in them
-THEODORE FAHNER earrings which are gold plated with semi-precious stones in the middle which were converted from clips to pierced type earrings
-Blue sapphire studs on gold
-An oval shaped brooch - Russian amber set in silver
-Round silver and enamel earrings
-Ladies Rolex watch

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for collar number 563. You can also email Christopher.Cox@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190151676.

Contact details:
 Chris Cox \- #0563
christopher.cox@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, option 2, Collar number 563
Incident reference:
 12190151676
Posted on 19 August 2019 at 12:52pm in Local appeals
