```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:38:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-15T13:38:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\u200BNorth Yorkshire Police officers arrested a man in Leeds in the early hours of this morning, in connection with the theft of a 4x4 near Tadcaster."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man arrested and stolen vehicle recovered following cross-border operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-stolen-vehicle-recovered-following-cross-border-operation/
title: Man arrested and stolen vehicle recovered following cross-border operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-stolen-vehicle-recovered-following-cross-border-operation/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:38pm

​North Yorkshire Police officers arrested a man in Leeds in the early hours of this morning, in connection with the theft of a 4x4 near Tadcaster.

Officers on patrol saw a Land Rover Defender in Tadcaster just before midnight last night. As police approached it, a man left the vehicle, got into a black Audi A3 and drove off at speed.

Officers from the Roads Policing Group and Road Crime Team immediately began a search of the area. Acting on intelligence, and with assistance from West Yorkshire Police and the NPAS police helicopter, the Audi was located on Lady Lane in Leeds at about 12.40am.

Ten minutes later, North Yorkshire Police officers arrested the occupant of the car, a 21-year-old man from Leeds, on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and possessing a knife in a public place. He remains in custody at this time.

The Land Rover was recovered, having been reported stolen from a farm near Tadcaster the same night.

Superintendent Dave Hannan, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "This arrest shows our commitment to pursue criminals who prey on our rural communities here in North Yorkshire, into other force areas if necessary. Our specialist operations officers worked well together to ensure that a stolen vehicle was returned to its rightful owner and a suspect arrested."

Operation Hawk is North Yorkshire Police's operation set up to protect our borders, provide a visible presence to deter criminals in rural areas, and patrol the extensive road network to ensure that offenders find it as difficult as possible to get in or out of the county undetected. Follow the #OpHawk hashtag on Twitter for updates about the operation.

**15 October 2015**

Posted on 15 October 2015 at 01:38pm in News stories
