```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-16T08:39:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-16T08:38:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Mastiles Lane, Kilnsey at approximately 8.30pm on Tuesday 13 October 2020 when offenders attended the area and caused damage to security on the rear of a parked vehicle and stole the two E-bikes on the vehicle We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of E-bikes in Kilnsey near Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-e-bikes-in-kilnsey-near-skipton/
title: Appeal following theft of E-bikes in Kilnsey near Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-e-bikes-in-kilnsey-near-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2020 at 09:39am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of two high-value E-bikes from the rear of a vehicle in Kilnsey.

It happened on Mastiles Lane, Kilnsey at approximately 8.30pm on Tuesday 13 October 2020 when offenders attended the area and caused damage to security on the rear of a parked vehicle and stole the two E-bikes on the vehicle

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone locally who saw any vehicles or people in the area at that time or even in the days before this who appeared suspicious or out of place.

PC Rich Sutcliffe who is investigating the theft, said: "I know that offenders arrived in a small van, unknown colour, with a noisy engine or exhaust. After the theft it left Mastiles Lane and headed North up the B6160 toward Kettlewell but after that there were no further sightings of it. Due to the location and circumstances of the theft I believe that this vehicle and offenders must have attended the area in days prior to the theft. I would ask anyone with any information or suspicions about any people or vehicles around this time to get in touch with me"

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200180151

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31728
Incident reference:
 12200180151
Posted on 16 October 2020 at 09:38am in Local appeals
