```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-04-24T16:50:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "During the past few weeks the team \u2013 ably supported by the Digital Forensics Unit \u2013 has conducted a series of operations resulting in six arrests for various alleged crimes. These range from sexual activity with a child and sexual communications with a child, to offences related to the possession, distribution and creation of indecent [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/04/CSE-300x141.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Warning to suspected child abusers: You\u2019re going to get locked-up during the lockdown - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-suspected-child-abusers-youre-going-to-get-locked-up-during-the-lockdown/
title: "Warning to suspected child abusers: You\u2019re going to get locked-up during the lockdown"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-suspected-child-abusers-youre-going-to-get-locked-up-during-the-lockdown/
```

Last modified: 24 April 2020 at 05:50pm

Suspected child abusers who think they can get away with preying on vulnerable victims during the coronavirus lockdown have been forced to think again thanks to the efforts of North Yorkshire Police’s Online Abuse & Exploitation Team.

During the past few weeks the team – ably supported by the Digital Forensics Unit – has conducted a series of operations resulting in six arrests for various alleged crimes.

These range from sexual activity with a child and sexual communications with a child, to offences related to the possession, distribution and creation of indecent images of children (IIOC).

On Tuesday 7 April 2020, two men aged 21 and 20 were arrested in **Norton** , near Malton, on suspicion of sexual activity with an underage girl and taking, making and distributing IIOC.

Houses were searched and mobile phones and other devices were seized for examination.

Following questioning the men were released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

The victim is receiving specialist support and safeguarding measures have been put in place.

In the **Skipton area** on 17 April 2020, two men aged 38 and 33 were arrested on suspicion of possessing IIOC and sexual activity with a child.

The investigation team were acting on intelligence gathered from an online messaging application in the days leading up to the arrests.

Both men have been released on conditional bail to allow time for further enquiries and for the seized devices to be analysed by the Digital Forensics Unit.

Following intelligence that a man from **York** had been engaging in sexual communications with a 12-year-old girl on messaging and video chat sites, an operation was carried out on 16 April 2020 to arrest the suspect and seize digital devices for examination.

The 65-year-old man has been released on conditional bail and safeguarding measures have been put in place while the investigation continues.

On 9 April 2020, a 29-year-old man from **Harrogate** was arrested by the Online Abuse & Exploitation Team on suspicion of possessing IIOC and causing or inciting sexual activity with a child.

This action was taken on the back of information received from the National Crime Agency’s Child Exploitation Online Protection (CEOP) command regarding the alleged criminal activity on a messaging site.

The man has been released on conditional bail while police enquiries continue.

While it is not possible to go into detail at this time, members of the team have also been involved in urgent safeguarding visits regarding two children, both aged under 12, who had made indecent images of themselves which they had posted online. They are receiving ongoing support to ensure they remain safe.

Detective Sergeant Steve Alderson, of the Online Abuse & Exploitation Team, said: “Child abusers might think they can get away with their sickening offending due to coronavirus social distancing rules, especially those targeting vulnerable young people who are currently spending even more time online.

“They would be greatly mistaken to believe this as our action across North Yorkshire and York in recent weeks has shown.

“If someone is involved in child abuse or child sexual exploitation offences, be it online or directly, they can expect a knock on the door from the police and they will be brought to justice.”

DS Alderson added: “We urge parents and carers to get up to speed about online safety and talk to young people about the dangers. There is a great deal of help and advice available to make this important task easier.

“We also urge victims not to suffer in silence. Please seek professional support from the police and our partner agencies. We are here to help you.”

**Reporting suspected crimes involving indecent images of children and sexual exploitation and seeking support**

 * Please contact **North Yorkshire Police** on 101. If you are in immediate danger, always dial 999 for an emergency response
 * **Child Exploitation Online Protection command (CEOP)** - http://ceop.police.uk/
 * **Internet Watch Foundation** - https://www.iwf.org.uk/
 * Victims who would prefer not to go direct to the police and are not in immediate danger, can contact **Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre** (SARC), on 0330 223 0362, email bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net or go to www.bridgehousesarc.org/ __
 * You can also contact the **Supporting Victims Unit** direct at www.supportingvictims.org or call 01609 643100
 * **NSPCC Helplines:** Help for adults concerned about a child – call 0808 800 5000; Help for children and young people – call Childline on 0800 1111; Go to https://www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/

Posted on 24 April 2020 at 05:50pm in News stories
