```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-21T08:28:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage which occurred in Skipton on Thursday 17 August 2017.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following incident of criminal damage in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-incident-criminal-damage-skipton/
title: Appeal following incident of criminal damage in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-incident-criminal-damage-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage which occurred in Skipton on Thursday 17 August 2017.

At approximately 5.05pm on 17 August 2017, a vehicle has been travelling down Skipton High Street in slow moving traffic.

Once outside Rackhams, a man has approached the vehicle and begun punching the front passenger side window. No damage was caused to the vehicle.

Around five minutes later, outside Kooky Nightclub, the same man has once again approached the vehicle and this time started kicking the front of the car. Damage has been caused to the bonnet of the vehicle and it is believed that members of the public have had to intervene to stop the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white male, aged in his mid to late teens, slim build with short light coloured hair.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the incident outside Kooky where damage has been caused. If you witnessed this incident or were a member of public who intervened, we want to hear from you.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Michael Haydock. You can also email Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-17082017-0508

Contact details:
 Michael Haydock \- #0155
Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30155
Incident reference:
 12170146253
Posted on 21 August 2017 at 09:28am in Local appeals
