```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-04T16:54:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Jonathan Philip Clayton, aged 27, from Stockton-On-Tees, denied the allegations during a trial at Teesside Crown Court. However, he was convicted by a jury on all 13 charges today (Tuesday 4 February 2020) and is due to be sentenced on 26 February 2020. The sexual touching offences were committed between March and May 2019 while [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Supply teacher found guilty of sexually assaulting school girls - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/supply-teacher-found-guilty-of-sexually-assaulting-school-girls/
title: Supply teacher found guilty of sexually assaulting school girls
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/supply-teacher-found-guilty-of-sexually-assaulting-school-girls/
```

Last modified: 4 February 2020 at 04:54pm

A supply teacher is facing a prison sentence after being found guilty of sexually assaulting six girls at a North Yorkshire school.

Jonathan Philip Clayton, aged 27, from Stockton-On-Tees, denied the allegations during a trial at Teesside Crown Court.

However, he was convicted by a jury on all 13 charges today (Tuesday 4 February 2020) and is due to be sentenced on 26 February 2020.

The sexual touching offences were committed between March and May 2019 while Clayton was working as a supply teacher.

The brave victims, whose anonymity is protected by law, were aged between 7 and 11.

Following the verdict, His Honour Judge Howard Crowson told Clayton he can expect a prison sentence. He was remanded into custody ahead of sentencing.

Detective Constable Gillian Gowling, the North Yorkshire Police officer who led the investigation, said: “Jonathan Clayton is a very manipulative individual who used his trusted position as a teacher to touch these young and vulnerable girls for his own sexual gratification.

“He displayed an extremely worrying pattern of behaviour where he would take advantage of situations that arose at school to put his hands on the victims. This was usually when the youngsters were upset and he carried out the abuse under the guise of providing comforting. There were also occasions when he supposedly ‘helped’ the victims to put on or adjust items of clothing, including tights, when they clearly did not require such help.”

DC Gowling added: “Due to the young age of the victims involved, it has been a complex and sensitive investigation. I hope that the outcome at court will help these very brave girls and their families to move on from this terrible experience, safe in the knowledge that justice has been served against the man responsible and he will never be allowed to teach children again.”

**Seeking help**

Victims of child abuse - no matter when it occurred – are urged to seek help from the police and partner agencies.

Please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you are in immediate danger, always dial 999 for an emergency response.

Victims who would prefer not to go direct to the police and are not in immediate danger, can contact Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), on 0330 223 0362, email bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net or go to www.bridgehousesarc.org/

You can also contact the Supporting Victims Unit direct at www.supportingvictims.org or call 01609 643100.

**NSPCC Helplines:**

 * ****Help for adults concerned about a child – call 0808 800 5000****

 * **Help for children and young people – call Childline on 0800 1111**

**Go to** **https://www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/**

Posted on 4 February 2020 at 04:54pm in News stories
