```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-01T15:41:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 6 June 2019, 51-year-old Roger Donald Sibley of St Johns Square, Wakefield, formerly of the Boroughbridge area, was found guilty of two counts of sexual assault against girls under the age of 13. He was sentenced to eight years imprisonment and also issued with a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order. On Thursday 27 June [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/SIBLEY-Donald-22011968.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Child sex offender sent to prison for more than eight years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/child-sex-offender-sent-to-prison-for-more-than-eight-years/
title: Child sex offender sent to prison for more than eight years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/child-sex-offender-sent-to-prison-for-more-than-eight-years/
```

Last modified: 1 July 2019 at 04:41pm

A man has appeared at York Crown Court and has been sent to prison for more than eight years for child sex offences.

On 6 June 2019, 51-year-old Roger Donald Sibley of St Johns Square, Wakefield, formerly of the Boroughbridge area, was found guilty of two counts of sexual assault against girls under the age of 13. He was sentenced to eight years imprisonment and also issued with a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

On Thursday 27 June 2019, he again appeared at York Crown Court and pleaded guilty to two charges of making indecent photos of children and a charge of voyeurism. He was given a further two month prison sentence.

Speaking about the sentences handed to Sibley, Detective Constable Dominic Holroyd of Harrogate Criminal Investigation Department said:

“The hideous actions of Sibley have had an enormous impact on the victims and their families. I’m pleased that the court recognised the damage his offences have caused and have put him in his rightful place, behind bars.

“I would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to the victims and their families for the immense bravery and resilience they have shown, not only to come forward and make the report to police but also through the court proceedings.

“Nothing can take away the pain Sibley has caused them, but I hope that the sentence can provide them with some sense of justice and closure and helps them all to move on to more positive times.

“I would also urge anyone who has been the victim of sexual abuse, either recently or some time ago, to report it to police. We have specially trained officers who can help and support you and the information you provide could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending. The most important thing is to not suffer alone – if you have been abused, please report it.”

If you or any one you know has been a victim of a sexual offence:

• To report a sexual crime to the police call 101

• If you are in immediate danger, always call 999

• If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.

• Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111

• NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002

• If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Posted on 1 July 2019 at 04:41pm in News stories
