```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-16T17:01:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Councillor Keith Aspden, Leader of City of York Council and Chair of the Outbreak Management Advisory Board said: \u201CThere\u2019s no doubt that these new restrictions will make life more challenging, but we need to pull together across the city and support each other. The best way we can do this is by following the new [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York residents urged to follow latest restrictions - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-residents-urged-to-follow-latest-restrictions/
title: York residents urged to follow latest restrictions
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-residents-urged-to-follow-latest-restrictions/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2020 at 06:01pm

Following the announcement that York is set to move into Tier 2 level restrictions tomorrow (17 October at 00:01), City of York Council is reminding residents, businesses and visitors to follow restrictions and play their part in stopping the spread of the virus.

**Councillor Keith Aspden, Leader of City of York Council and Chair of the Outbreak Management Advisory Board said:**

“There’s no doubt that these new restrictions will make life more challenging, but we need to pull together across the city and support each other. The best way we can do this is by following the new Tier 2 restrictions to minimise the spread of the virus.

“These new restrictions impact mixing indoors, however there are still plenty of ways we can spend time with our family, friends and in the city. Businesses across York have once again stepped up and created controlled safe spaces for people to safely enjoy the city.

“It is crucial that we continue to support or vibrant local economy by shopping local and working together to protect the people and places we love.

“We understand that this remains a difficult time for many people, but we must continue in these efforts to protect one another and keep the places we love in the city open.

“Whilst we continue working with our excellent public health team locally and partners to help protect businesses and residents, it is now crucial for us all to work together and follow the Tier 2 restrictions to help slow the spread of the virus.”

**Sharon Stoltz, Director of Public Health, said:**

“Whilst these new restrictions do place extra pressure on us all it is vital that we work together as a city and follow them straight away. This is our best opportunity to help slow the spread of the virus, and ultimately save lives.

“Through our monitoring we have seen the virus largely spreads indoors through social contact and a lack of social distancing. These restrictions help reinforce the need for social distancing and stop indoor mixing of households, which if followed will hopefully see the number of cases in the city reduce.

“We must continue to wash our hands regularly, observe social distancing and wear face coverings in busy places.

“Please make sure you are familiar with the symptoms. Self-isolate if you show any of them, and book a test straight away. If you need advice or help, please visit www.york.gov.uk/coronavirus or call our help line 01904 551550.”

**Superintendent Mike Walker, who is leading the COVID-19 response for North Yorkshire Police said:**

“With additional restrictions around households mixing coming into effect In York just after midnight tonight, some could see this evening as a last chance to throw caution to the wind and not pay attention to the restrictions in place around the city.

“The reality of the circumstances we find ourselves in is stark. The additional restrictions have been introduced into the City because of the rapidly rising number of Covid cases and the gravity of the situation really should not be underestimated.

“We are all united in wanting this pandemic to be over and getting our lives back to normal. But if we are not united in our response and individuals choose to flout the regulations and act recklessly without consideration for others, the situation will not improve. We then run the risk of infection rates climbing higher still and the possibility of further and more stringent restrictions on our lives.

“We are all well aware of the steps that we need to take to halt the spread and there should be little encouragement needed now for the public to comply to the regulations. The police will not tolerate anyone who willingly puts the lives of others at risk and enforcement action will be taken against those who do.”

**The new restrictions for tier 2 mean:**

 * You must not meet socially with friends and family indoors in any setting unless you live with them or have formed a support bubble with them. This includes private homes, and any other indoor venues such as pubs and restaurants.
 * You may continue to see friends and family you do not live with outside, including in a garden or other outdoor space. When you do so you must not meet in a group of more than 6.
 * Visiting indoor hospitality/leisure/retail settings is restricted to one household i.e. two households must not meet in these settings (unless those two households are in a support bubble).
 * People are advised only to visit care homes in exceptional circumstances (further work will be undertaken locally to agree what this means).
 * People should only travel for essential reasons.
 * You can still go on holiday outside of your area, but you should only do this with people you live with, or have formed a support bubble with (dependant on any local restrictions in the area you are visiting).
 * People can play a team sport only where this is formally organised by a sports club or similar organisation, and sports-governing body guidance has been issued.
 * People should not attend amateur or professional sporting events as a spectators.
 * Wedding receptions and celebrations can continue for up to 15 people in the form of a sit-down meal and in a Covid-secure setting, not in a private dwelling.
 * Up to 30 people can attend a funeral, and 15 for a wake in a Covid-secure setting, not in a private dwelling.

The provisional rate of new Covid cases per 100,000 of population for the period 7.10.20 to 13.10.20 in York is 239.3. (Using data published on Gov.uk on 15.10.20).

The latest local “validated” 7 day rate for York for the period 3.10.20 to 9.10.20 was 260.2. The national and regional averages at this date were 159.6 and 263.0 respectively ( PHE Centre Daily COVID-19 Report 15.10.20).

To learn more about the new measures and what support is available, please visit www.york.gov.uk/Coronavirus.

Posted on 16 October 2020 at 06:01pm in News stories
