```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-27T19:44:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-24T12:20:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The crash happened just before 7am on Tuesday 22 May 2018 on the A1 northbound between junctions 50 and 51 (Baldersby/Ripon and Leeming Bar/Bedale) when a lorry collided with a stationery car transporter that had broken down in the inside lane. Sadly, the driver of the lorry, a 55-year-old man from Suffolk died at the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Key witness sought to fatal collision on the A1 near Baldersby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/key-witness-sought-to-fatal-collision-on-the-a1-near-baldersby/
title: Key witness sought to fatal collision on the A1 near Baldersby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/key-witness-sought-to-fatal-collision-on-the-a1-near-baldersby/
```

Last modified: 27 June 2018 at 08:44pm

Police investigating a fatal collision involving a car transporter and a lorry are appealing to the driver of another HGV to come forward.

The crash happened just before 7am on Tuesday 22 May 2018 on the A1 northbound between junctions 50 and 51 (Baldersby/Ripon and Leeming Bar/Bedale) when a lorry collided with a stationery car transporter that had broken down in the inside lane. Sadly, the driver of the lorry, a 55-year-old man from Suffolk died at the scene of the collision.

It is believed that another HGV was travelling north shortly before the collision happened and the driver took evasive action to avoid the car transporter by driving along the hard shoulder.

Officers are appealing to the driver to come forward. It is possible that this unknown vehicle entered the motorway from junction 49 or 50.

They are also appealing to anyone who may have dash-cam footage taken before the crash happened or of the collision itself.

If you believe you are the driver, or have any dash-cam footage, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team. Or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12180089977 when calling.

The road was closed while all three emergency services responded to the collision, to allow investigators to examine the scene, and to allow recovery of the damaged vehicles. It reopened at around 8pm.

The driver of the car transporter was uninjured.

************************************************

UPDATED: We can confirm the deceased was Steven Garstang, 55, from Haverhill, Suffolk. An inquest was opened and adjourned into his death on 24 June 2018.

Posted on 24 May 2018 at 01:20pm in News stories
