```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-04T14:47:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident occurred on Sunday 29 September 2019 between 1am and 1.30am when a man and woman were headed to Bootham after being picked up on Rainsborough Way. Punches were thrown by the male passenger from the rear seat close to the Churchill Hotel in Bootham. The taxi driver was left with swelling to his [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault on taxi driver in the Bootham area of York. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-taxi-driver-in-the-bootham-area-of-york/
title: Appeal following assault on taxi driver in the Bootham area of York.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-taxi-driver-in-the-bootham-area-of-york/
```

Last modified: 4 October 2019 at 03:47pm

Police in York are investigating an assault on a taxi driver.

The incident occurred on Sunday 29 September 2019 between 1am and 1.30am when a man and woman were headed to Bootham after being picked up on Rainsborough Way.

Punches were thrown by the male passenger from the rear seat close to the Churchill Hotel in Bootham.

The taxi driver was left with swelling to his face and the unknown offender also took the victim's mobile phone from his taxi and damaged it beyond repair by throwing it on to the pavement.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from any passers-by and anyone who may have been residing at the Churchill Hotel at the time.

The suspect is described as a white, 5ft 8in to 5ft 9in tall, stocky build and he was wearing blue jeans and a grey hooded sweatshirt which was a pullover hooded top. He was in company with a woman who is described as a white and she was wearing a black top.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Abid Tarvaz. You can also email abid.tarvaz@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190180667.

Contact details:
 Abid Tarvaz \- #0833
abid.tarvaz@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190180667
Posted on 4 October 2019 at 03:47pm in Local appeals
