```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-21T14:17:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened around 8.15pm on Monday 19 August 2019 when a white Peugeot Bippa van was stolen from a parking space outside the New Kam San Chinese takeaway on Murray Street. It is believed the victim may have accidentally dropped the keys to his vehicle outside of the takeaway, which were then used to steal [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of motor vehicle in Filey - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-motor-vehicle-in-filey/
title: Appeal following theft of motor vehicle in Filey
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-motor-vehicle-in-filey/
```

Last modified: 21 August 2019 at 03:17pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses in relation to the theft of a motor vehicle from Filey.

It happened around 8.15pm on Monday 19 August 2019 when a white Peugeot Bippa van was stolen from a parking space outside the New Kam San Chinese takeaway on Murray Street.

It is believed the victim may have accidentally dropped the keys to his vehicle outside of the takeaway, which were then used to steal the vehicle. The van itself was later found abandoned a short distance away on Providence Place.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to establish who may be responsible for this offence. In particular, we are appealing for anyone who may have seen someone getting into the van and driving off around the time question.

Investigating officer, PC Liam Cromack said, "Although we have managed to recover vehicle in this instance, a number of personal belongings were stolen from within. I am appealing for anyone who may recall seeing someone acting suspiciously outside of the takeaway to come forward, as you may hold some important information. In addition, I would request that anyone with a dashcam fitted to their vehicle, who thinks they may have driven by the takeaway around that time, to please check their footage.

"I would also like to remind people to be vigilant with their keys and other property. As demonstrated in this incident, it only takes a few seconds for someone to take advantage of the situation."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190152990.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Date: 21/08/2019

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, option 2, "456" | 07741802571
Incident reference:
 12190152990
Posted on 21 August 2019 at 03:17pm in Local appeals
