```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:16:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-15T11:15:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are hunting criminals who stole a 4x4 vehicle before using it to drag a cash machine out of a service station in the Filey area.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Primrose Valley Garage targeted in cash machine raid - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/primrose-valley-garage-targeted-cash-machine-raid/
title: Primrose Valley Garage targeted in cash machine raid
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/primrose-valley-garage-targeted-cash-machine-raid/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:16am

Detectives are hunting criminals who stole a 4x4 vehicle before using it to drag a cash machine out of a service station in the Filey area.

North Yorkshire Police were alerted to the commercial burglary at Primrose Valley Garage, on Primrose Valley Road, Primrose Valley, at 2.49am last Thursday( 7 May 2015) after the burglar alarm went off.

Enquiries confirmed that two men pulled up outside the garage in a red Nissan X-Trail vehicle.

One of the men smashed the glass door of the garage with a large stone to gain entry into the building. He tied a rope to the cash machine inside which was then pulled out through the glass door onto the forecourt by the man driving the Nissan X-Trail.

They lifted the cash machine into the boot of the vehicle and drove off towards Hunmanby village.

The Nissan X-Trail was found abandoned at 4.52am by Humberside Police on Argam Lane, Melton, in the East Riding of Yorkshire. It appears they carried on their get-away in another vehicle towards Burton Fleming Road.

It was confirmed that the Nissan X-Trail had been stolen from outside a house in Staxton prior to the cash machine raid.

Police enquiries remain ongoing to track down the suspects.

The man who entered the garage had his face covered with a balaclava and he was wearing grey jogging bottoms and a black top.

The driver of the stolen X-Trail appears to have a shaven or bald head.

A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said: "Extensive enquiries are ongoing to locate the men involved in this incident with support from police in Humberside and South Yorkshire. Even the smallest level of detail could prove vital to the investigating officers, so please do not hesitate to get in touch."

Witnesses or anyone with information that could assist the investigation are urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on **101** , select **option 2** , and ask for the **Scarborough Serious Crime Team**.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity **Crimestoppers** anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at **www.crimestoppers-uk.org**. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court. Please quote reference number **12150074865** when providing details about this incident.

**15 May 2015**

Posted on 15 May 2015 at 11:15am in News stories
