```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-17T16:28:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-17T16:14:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Robin Eric Davidson was jailed for two years at York Crown Court on 17 October 2017 after previously pleading guilty to four charges of indecent assault on two boys under 14. He was also put on the sex offenders register for 10 years. \_The offences took place while Davidson was a teacher at the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Former Ripon teacher jailed for non-recent sexual abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-ripon-teacher-jailed-non-recent-sexual-abuse/
title: Former Ripon teacher jailed for non-recent sexual abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-ripon-teacher-jailed-non-recent-sexual-abuse/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2017 at 05:28pm

An 81-year-old man from Worcester has been jailed for non-recent child sex abuse dating back to the 1970s.

Robin Eric Davidson was jailed for two years at York Crown Court on 17 October 2017 after previously pleading guilty to four charges of indecent assault on two boys under 14. He was also put on the sex offenders register for 10 years.

The offences took place while Davidson was a teacher at the former Ripon Cathedral Choir School.

Detective Constable Kirsty Graham of North Yorkshire Police’s Non-recent Abuse Investigation Team, said: “Davidson was employed in a position of trust and had custody of young boys who were away from the security of their home. Instead of making what was a daunting time for children easier, Davidson used his position to abuse the children for his own sexual gratification.

“Thankfully he spared the victims the ordeal of giving evidence in court by pleading guilty to the charges, reliving their experiences again would only add to their distress. My thanks go to the victims who showed great courage in coming forward. Nothing can change what happened to them, but I hope they can now put the dreadful memories of the past behind them, knowing that justice has been done.

“Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse, no matter how long ago it happened should feel confident to come forward and report it. We will listen and we will investigate.”

If you are a victim of sexual abuse, please call the police on 101, or if you prefer, you can contact North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 01904 699339.

If you are in immediate danger, please call 999.

Posted on 17 October 2017 at 05:14pm in News stories
