```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:30:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-19T20:28:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Pickering.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses and video footage after Pickering Festival assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-video-footage-pickering-festival-assault/
title: Appeal for witnesses and video footage after Pickering Festival assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-video-footage-pickering-festival-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:30pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Pickering.

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an alleged assault on a members of the security staff that occurred during the Pickering Festival at the Recreation Ground, Mill Lane, Pickering.

It happened at the event on Saturday 18 July 2015 involving members of the security team and several members of the public at the front of the stage who were involved in an altercation after they were seen pulling on the safety barriers.

Two men have been arrested in connection to this incident and have currently been bailed pending further enquiries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident. I am particularly interested in any members of the public who have captured any part of the incident on mobile phone footage.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gary Evans.

You can also email Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150123228.

**19 July 2015**

Posted on 19 July 2015 at 08:28pm in News stories
