```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:17:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-13T10:16:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Richmond are appealing for information after a 70-year-old man had a large amount of cash stolen from his home by a sneak-in burglar.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after cash stolen from 70-year-old man in Richmond - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cash-stolen-70-year-old-man-richmond/
title: Appeal after cash stolen from 70-year-old man in Richmond
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cash-stolen-70-year-old-man-richmond/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:17am

Police in Richmond are appealing for information after a 70-year-old man had a large amount of cash stolen from his home by a sneak-in burglar.

It happened in Parkinson's Yard, Richmond between 1pm and 5pm on the afternoon of Monday 4 April 2016.

The suspect(s) entered the man's property through an unlocked front door and stole the cash from inside his home.

Police are appealing to anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area or has any other information about the incident to contact them.

PC David Bowley of Richmond police said: "This was a callous crime targeted at a pensioner who was trusting enough to leave their front door unlocked, pending the arrival of an expected caller. I am appealing to anyone with any information about the burglary or knows who is responsible to contact us. It is also a timely reminder of the importance of keeping your doors locked at all times - even when you are at home - particularly now the lighter nights are with us, and people are more likely to be outside."

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC David Bowley, or emaildavid.bowley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160058837 when passing on information.

13 April 2016

Posted on 13 April 2016 at 10:16am in News stories
