```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-29T09:43:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-29T09:29:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 6.10pm on Friday 28 December 2018, four men forced their way in to a property on Dickens Road in Malton, threatened the home owner and stole a substantial quantity of cash. They were then seen to make off in an Audi A5. The four men are described as white, all aged between 24 and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary at property in Malton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-at-property-in-malton/
title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary at property in Malton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-at-property-in-malton/
```

Last modified: 29 December 2018 at 09:43am

Police are appealing for witnesses or information following what they believe to be a targeted burglary at a property in Malton.

At 6.10pm on Friday 28 December 2018, four men forced their way in to a property on Dickens Road in Malton, threatened the home owner and stole a substantial quantity of cash. They were then seen to make off in an Audi A5.

The four men are described as white, all aged between 24 and 28-years old, and all were wearing grey jogging bottoms and black jackets, apart from one who was wearing a grey jacket. It is thought the men spoke in an Eastern European language

Appealing for information Detective Sergeant Michael Moorhouse said “This was a particularly distressing and upsetting experience for the home owner, who was left shaken but luckily unhurt. Burglaries of this nature are very rare thankfully, which is why we believe this is a targeted attack on this property.

“We are appealing for anyone who lives or works in the areas of Dickens Road, Rainbow Lane or Cherry Avenue who has CCTV covering the outside of their properties which may have captured footage of this incident, to contact us.

“Or if you were driving in the area and may have captured dash cam footage, or saw people or vehicles acting suspiciously, please dial 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to Michael Moorhouse. You can also email Michael.Moorhouse@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk – please quote reference 12180240712.

“If you have information, but want to remain anonymous you can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Posted on 29 December 2018 at 09:29am in News stories
