```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-31T10:31:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-31T08:53:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 23 year old Angus Mackenzie Law (12/10/1996) of Main Street, East Ayton, was disqualified from driving for two years and given 150 hours community service at Scarborough Magistrates Court on Monday 27 January 2020 after he was found guilty of four driving offences. Law failed to stop for police when he was spotted driving at [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/Angus-Mackenzie-Law-121096-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: East Ayton man sentenced for multiple driving offences - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/east-ayton-man-sentenced-for-multiple-driving-offences/
title: East Ayton man sentenced for multiple driving offences
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/east-ayton-man-sentenced-for-multiple-driving-offences/
```

Last modified: 31 January 2020 at 10:31am

23 year old Angus Law charged with four offences

Angus Mackenzie Law

23 year old Angus Mackenzie Law (12/10/1996) of Main Street, East Ayton, was disqualified from driving for two years and given 150 hours community service at Scarborough Magistrates Court on Monday 27 January 2020 after he was found guilty of four driving offences.

Law failed to stop for police when he was spotted driving at speed on Marine Drive in Scarborough shortly after 11.30pm on 27 September 2019 and made off before officers later located his car parked a few streets away. The vehicle’s keys were in the ignition and a passenger was laid in the back of the car which had no seats and no restraints. Law returned to the vehicle after a few moments and claimed he had lent his car to a friend but upon further questioning could not remember the name of the friend. A roadside drugs test found Law under the influence of cocaine and he was subsequently arrested.

Law’s vehicle was seized and when examined by the Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA) was found to have numerous dangerous defects resulting in an immediate notice being issued, prohibiting its use on the road. Law also failed to disclose the vehicle’s modifications to his insurance company.
A week after this incident, Law was charged with drink driving and had his licence revoked for nine months.

Law appeared at Scarborough Magistrates Court on 27 January 2020 and pleaded guilty to four charges of drug driving, dangerous driving, failing to stop for the police and making a false statement to his insurance company.

Law was disqualified from driving for a further two years with a requirement to undertake an extended driving test at the end of this period, ordered to complete six months drug rehabilitation and 150 hours community service.

PC Liam Cromack commented on Law’s sentencing. He said:

“Law is a passionate car enthusiast but the modifications he had made to his vehicle resulted in it being a danger to drive on the roads. He showed a complete disregard for the safety of himself, his passenger and other road users by not only driving in a highly dangerous manner but also failing to stop for the police and driving under the influence of drugs.

“Law’s sentencing demonstrates the severity of his offences and shows that dangerous offenders will be dealt with accordingly. The majority of car enthusiasts operate their vehicles safely and within the law but the few individuals like Law give the rest an undeservedly negative reputation.”

Posted on 31 January 2020 at 08:53am in News stories
