```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-03T08:22:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is today (Thursday, 3 December 2015) continuing enquiries two weeks after Rory Johnson-Hatfield disappeared during a night out in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police enquiries continue for missing Rory - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-enquiries-continue-missing-rory/
title: Police enquiries continue for missing Rory
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-enquiries-continue-missing-rory/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police is today (Thursday, 3 December 2015) continuing enquiries two weeks after Rory Johnson-Hatfield disappeared during a night out in York.

The 29-year-old was last seen by a friend at 12.15am on Friday, 20 November 2015 when he left the York Central Travel Lodge on Piccadilly where he was staying.

It has been established that Rory went to a nearby pub with a fellow hotel guest, having earlier met him and his father in The Postern Gate Wetherspoon pub at around 11.30pm on Thursday.

Enquiries have shown that Rory left the pub at about 12.30am. However, he never returned to the hotel and he failed to turn up for work in Skipton on Friday evening.

One line of enquiry is that Rory may have got into difficulty while walking near the River Ouse in the City Mills and Skeldergate Bridge area after midnight. His family has identified him on CCTV footage taken in the area shortly afterwards.

Over the past fortnight, police and other rescue services have carried out extensive searches around York, including underwater searches.

Rory's family has arranged to conduct additional searches of the River Ouse with York Rescue Boat and International Rescue. North Yorkshire Police is not directly involved in the searches but is liaising with the family and will provide assistance if necessary.

Superintendent Adam Thomson, of York police, said: "It's been almost two weeks since Rory was reported missing and our enquiries remain ongoing to establish the full circumstances. We urge anyone who has not yet come forward with information to get in touch immediately.

"We are continuing to support Rory's family at this very difficult time."

Rory is white, aged 29, 5ft 11in tall, slim build, with has short blond hair. He was wearing a round-neck black top, blue jeans and white and navy trainers.

Anyone who may have seen Rory or has any other information about his disappearance is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 12150207141.

Posted on 3 December 2015 at 08:22am in News stories
