```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-01T11:11:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on St George&#8217;s Road before 1pm on Wednesday 31 May whilst the owners were out.The suspects gained entry through a second story window before leaving with a number of items including a black 57-reg Ford Fiesta, a number of\_pieces of jewelry and electronic items. The stolen items, included: All of the victim&#8217;s wedding [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sentimental wedding day note stolen in Harrogate burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sentimental-wedding-day-note-stolen-harrogate-burglary/
title: Sentimental wedding day note stolen in Harrogate burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sentimental-wedding-day-note-stolen-harrogate-burglary/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a daytime burglary that occurred in Harrogate.

It happened on St George's Road before 1pm on Wednesday 31 May whilst the owners were out.The suspects gained entry through a second story window before leaving with a number of items including a black 57-reg Ford Fiesta, a number of pieces of jewelry and electronic items.

The stolen items, included:

 * All of the victim's wedding day jewelry
 * A blue velvet box containing a fine white gold necklace with diamonds and a letter from the victim’s husband on her wedding day.
 * A Silver Armani watch with a rectangular face and black inlay
 * A thin gold bangle with three diamonds
 * A locket
 * A ring
 * A crystal effect jewellery box
 * A diamond necklace in a green box
 * A Prada handbag
 * An iPad
 * Two Samsung tablets
 * A 40“ Panasonic smart tv
 * An X box and games
 * A Car seat
 * A black Ford Fiesta, registration number YK57 NAK

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information which could help us to identify who carried out the burglary or help locate the stolen items. We would also like to speak to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area at this time.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Quita Passmore. You can also email Quita.Passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170094215

Posted on 1 June 2017 at 11:11am in News stories
