```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:42:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-12T14:35:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: During the incident the victim was repeatedly punched causing facial injuries following his attempts to intervene with a domestic related incident moments earlier. During the assault the victim was forced to the ground and repeatedly kicked, causing the victim to require hospital treatment for his injuries. This incident happened on Westwood, Scarborough, between 2am and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following violent assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-violent-assault/
title: Appeal for information following violent assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-violent-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:42am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for information in relation to a violent incident on Westwood, Scarborough.

During the incident the victim was repeatedly punched causing facial injuries following his attempts to intervene with a domestic related incident moments earlier. During the assault the victim was forced to the ground and repeatedly kicked, causing the victim to require hospital treatment for his injuries.

This incident happened on Westwood, Scarborough, between 2am and 3am on Sunday 4 June 2017 and involved three males and one female.

The victim sustained both facial and torso injuries and was taken to hospital by ambulance, where he required treatment for a broken collar bone.

We are conducting enquiries and are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed a verbal altercation between a male and female on Pavilion Terrace, Scarborough or witnessed the assault that followed.

The suspect is described as a white male, aged early/mid 20s, medium build with broad shoulders and around 5ft10ins in height.

He is described as having short dark hair, shaven on the sides and longer on the top.
The suspect was described as wearing a dark coloured T-shirt in a V-neck style with long sleeves and grey cotton tracksuit bottoms.

Following the assault, the suspect made off on foot across the car-park at the rear of Poundstretcher on Westwood.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Matt Smout. You can also email Matthew.Smout@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP04062017-0092

Contact details:
 Matt Smout \- #1581
Matthew.Smout@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31581
Incident reference:
 NYP04062017-0092
Posted on 12 June 2017 at 02:35pm in Local appeals
