```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-25T15:37:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-25T14:58:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers were called to The Falls, Riverside Road, Richmond after reports that a man hit his head while jumping into the River Swale. The 28-year-old, from County Durham, has been taken to hospital with serious injuries which are not believed to be life-threatening. Volunteers from Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team, ambulance staff and firefighters also attended [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Hot weather warning: Man taken to hospital after river rescue - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/river-rescue/
title: 'Hot weather warning: Man taken to hospital after river rescue'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/river-rescue/
```

Last modified: 25 July 2019 at 04:37pm

Police have issued a warning after a man suffered serious injuries in a North Yorkshire river today.

Officers were called to The Falls, Riverside Road, Richmond after reports that a man hit his head while jumping into the River Swale.

The 28-year-old, from County Durham, has been taken to hospital with serious injuries which are not believed to be life-threatening.

Volunteers from Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team, ambulance staff and firefighters also attended the scene and assisted with the rescue from around 1.20pm today.

Richmondshire Inspector Mark Gee said the river was fast-flowing due to water from a recent storm running down the valley.

He said: “I would urge people to be sensible in the sun and water during the current hot weather.

“There is still a lot of water in the River Swale following the recent downpours and the river can be a dangerous place.”

Insp Gee thanked members of the public who provided refreshments to police and other emergency service workers at the scene today.

He added: “I also want to thank volunteer members of the Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team who assisted with the rescue.

“We train for incidents such as this in the River Swale and this was another successful multi-agency operation.”

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "Open water can look appealing in this hot weather, but can be full of hidden dangers including vegetation or debris that people can get caught up in.

"The water is also likely to be much colder than you might think and this can make it difficult for even strong swimmers. We would ask people to be water aware and if they see someone in trouble in the water to call 999 and ask for the fire service or the coast guard at the coast."

Posted on 25 July 2019 at 03:58pm in News stories
