```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-08T14:37:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York police are investigating a violent attack on a Spanish couple.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Investigation launched after suspected racially aggravated assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-launched-after-suspected-racially-aggravated-assault-in-york/
title: Investigation launched after suspected racially aggravated assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-launched-after-suspected-racially-aggravated-assault-in-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

York police are investigating a violent attack on a Spanish couple.

The incident, which occurred in the New Street, Coney Street and St Helen's Square area between 3.40am and 3.50am on Sunday (5 April 2015), involved five men who seemingly targeted the man and woman because they are from another country.

The couple had been enjoying a night out and had left the Blue Fly Café Bar on New Street shortly before the attack.

It is alleged the suspects repeatedly punched and kicked the man, who is aged 24, over a period of 10 minutes along the city centre route.

The victim suffered serious injuries including a broken jaw, chipped teeth and bruising. He received emergency treatment at York District Hospital.

His girlfriend, aged 29, was repeatedly pushed to the ground while he was being attacked.

It is believed the only reason the suspects stopped the violence was because a passing taxi driver came to the couple's assistance.

The suspects were described as white, aged between 20 and 25, short or shaved hair and spoke with English accents.

One of the men was about 5ft 7in tall, had short or shaved brown hair, and was wearing a short-sleeved, light-coloured t-shirt with trousers.

PC Sophie Wilson, of the York Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This is a very disturbing incident which will quite rightly shock the local community in York and those who regard the city as a friendly and safe place to visit.

"We are doing everything we can investigate this case and bring those responsible to justice. We are also providing support to the young couple from Spain who have had their stay tarnished in the most sickening and vicious way."

As well as a general appeal for witnesses and information about the attack, PC Wilson is also making a specific appeal to trace the taxi driver who came to the aid of the couple.

She said: "The victims are extremely grateful to the taxi driver for having the decency to stop and help when they were in a very frightening situation. I am appealing for the taxi driver to get in touch as soon as possible as he may have vital information about the suspects and the circumstances surrounding the incident."

If you can help the investigation in any way, please contact North Yorkshire Police on **101** , select **option 2** , and ask for **Sophie Wilson**. Or email **sophie.wilson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk **

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at **www.crimestoppers-uk.org**. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote reference number **12150055474** when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 8 April 2015 at 02:37pm in News stories
