```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-13T17:51:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-13T17:44:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at around 7.50pm on Monday 10 February after a car was aggressively being followed by another car from Clifton to Bootham in York City Centre on Bootham. Both vehicles are believed to have mounted the pavement narrowly missing pedestrians. The cars then came to a halt on St Leonard&#8217;s Place where an occupant [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following aggressive car chase in Clifton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggressive-car-chase-in-clifton/
title: Appeal following aggressive car chase in Clifton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggressive-car-chase-in-clifton/
```

Last modified: 13 February 2020 at 05:51pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent incident that occurred in York.

It happened at around 7.50pm on Monday 10 February after a car was aggressively being followed by another car from Clifton to Bootham in York City Centre on Bootham. Both vehicles are believed to have mounted the pavement narrowly missing pedestrians.

The cars then came to a halt on St Leonard's Place where an occupant from the rear vehicle approached the occupants of the first vehicle and began violently banging on the windows.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any persons who may have witnessed erratic driving on Bootham travelling into York or the vehicles coming to a halt on St Leonard's Place in York.

Officers would also like to hear from the two pedestrians who were narrowly missed by the two vehicles.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ashley Hardwick. You can also email Ashley.hardwick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200024031

Contact details:
 Ashley Hardwick \- #783
ashley.hardwick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext.30783
Incident reference:
 12200024031
Posted on 13 February 2020 at 05:44pm in Local appeals
