```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-02T15:30:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-26T17:06:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '27 October 2020 UPDATE: A 54-year-old has been charged with three counts of assaulting an emergency worker, making threats to kill, three counts of criminal damage to vehicles, possession of an offensive weapon (long claw hammer) and possession of cannabis. He was remanded in custody and was due to appear at York Magistrates&#8217; Court on [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Settle: Brave police officers arrest violent man armed with hammer - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/settle-brave-police-officers-arrest-violent-man-armed-with-hammer/
title: 'Settle: Brave police officers arrest violent man armed with hammer'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/settle-brave-police-officers-arrest-violent-man-armed-with-hammer/
```

Last modified: 2 November 2020 at 03:30pm

UPDATE 2 November 2020: Kevan Michael McGrail, aged 54, of Delaney Court, Settle, pleaded guilty to all charges at York Magistrates' Court on 27 October 2020. He was remanded in custody and is due to be sentenced at Bradford Crown Court on 17 November 2020, 9.30am.

**27 October 2020**

UPDATE: A 54-year-old has been charged with three counts of assaulting an emergency worker, making threats to kill, three counts of criminal damage to vehicles, possession of an offensive weapon (long claw hammer) and possession of cannabis. He was remanded in custody and was due to appear at York Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (27 Oct) morning.

**26 October 2020**

**Settle: Brave police officers arrest violent man armed with hammer**

An investigation is underway in Settle following a violent incident in which a man armed with a hammer allegedly assaulted police officers and a member of the public.

It occurred at Delaney Court at around 8.30pm on Sunday (25 October 2020).

Officers were called to a disturbance at the property and they were met by the 54-year-old man who reportedly assaulted them.

PAVA spray and taser were used to control the suspect, but it is alleged that he continued to make threats and forced the officers away before following them out onto the street while carrying a hammer.

Two police vehicles and a parked car were damaged in the incident.

After discarding the hammer, it is also alleged the man assaulted the driver of another car after entering the vehicle on Duke Street.

At this point, the police officers bravely restrained the suspect and placed him under arrest.

He was initially taken to hospital for assessment before being transferred into police custody for questioning, where he allegedly assaulted another officer.

No injuries have been reported by the four officers and the member of the public involved.

Witnesses or anyone with information about this incident are asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12200187789 when providing details.

**NOTE** : All updates will be added to this page - http://northyorkshire.police.uk/12200187789

Posted on 26 October 2020 at 05:06pm in News stories
