```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-16T10:16:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-16T09:56:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Do you have the skills and passion required to provide an excellent customer service every day and a true sense of purpose to keep people safe and make them feel safe? If the answer is YES, then read on\u2026\u2026\u2026. North Yorkshire Police has today announced that its latest recruitment drive for new Police Officers to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/10/PC-Dan-Stubbs-1-1024x856.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New Police Officer recruitment campaign launches in North Yorkshire next month - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-police-officer-recruitment-campaign-launches-north-yorkshire-next-month/
title: New Police Officer recruitment campaign launches in North Yorkshire next month
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-police-officer-recruitment-campaign-launches-north-yorkshire-next-month/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2017 at 11:16am

North Yorkshire Police is looking for people who want to deliver an exemplary service to the community, partners and colleagues in their recruitment campaign for Police Officers.

Do you have the skills and passion required to provide an excellent customer service every day and a true sense of purpose to keep people safe and make them feel safe? If the answer is YES, then read on……….

North Yorkshire Police has today announced that its latest recruitment drive for new Police Officers to join the force will launch next month.

From Wednesday 1 November, aspiring Police Officers will have the opportunity to submit their applications before the recruitment window closes on Thursday 30 November.

With its diverse geography, and breadth of policing challenges, this is the first time that members of the public have had the opportunity to apply for the role of Police Officer in North Yorkshire since April 2016.

The force welcomes applications from individuals from all backgrounds who can demonstrate how they inspire and influence those around them; are courageous and show compassion to others, who respect race and diversity and treat people with dignity and respect at all times.

Women, black and minority ethnic candidates and candidates from the LGBT community are particularly encouraged to apply, as members of these groups are currently under-represented in this role compared to local demographics. All appointments are made on merit.

As a North Yorkshire Police Officer, the successful candidate’s job will be to protect the public and keep them safe, provide a reassuring presence in the community, support victims of crime and investigate complex cases.

In return for their hard work they will have a rewarding job where no two days are ever the same; be constantly challenged and always learning and have continual opportunities for advancement throughout their career.

Starting with an attractive salary of £19,773 in addition to extra for shift allowance, officers can expect their salary to rise up to £38,000 over the course of their career if they spend it as a Police Officer.

Others may opt to transfer into more specialist areas of work once they’ve passed their probation including roles within Roads Policing, Dogs section, Firearms Unit, Fraud Investigation, Serious Crime Team or Counter Terrorism units or consider promotion into management positions.

Commenting on the recent recruitment drive announcement, Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“This is an exciting opportunity for anyone considering a career in policing to join our team.

“We’re hoping that we will attract some brilliant new talent from a range of backgrounds to bring new skills and experiences to our force and help in our ambitions to further represent the diverse communities that we serve.”

“Whether you are just starting out in your career or are a more experienced and mature individual looking for your next challenge we want to hear from you.

“We particularly encourage anyone from diverse communities who have considered a career in policing to submit an application form or speak to one of our Positive Action Coordinators.

“We will be holding a free recruitment event on Wednesday 1 November at our new HQ giving aspiring candidates the opportunity to find out more about the role and the application process. More details about how to book tickets for the event will be released soon."

Detective Constable Mo Mohammed, North Yorkshire Police’s Positive Action Coordinator said:

“Having worked for North Yorkshire Police for almost thirty years I would say to anyone thinking of considering a career in policing to go for it.

“The role of the Police Officer is one of the most important parts of the policing family. It is a challenging but extremely rewarding role which offers long-term career opportunities.

“I would also encourage anyone who is considering applying to attend our free recruitment event on Wednesday 1 November at our new HQ to find out more.

“Representatives from our six support networks covering disability, race, religion, gender, LGBT and Neurodiversity, will be there to offer support and guidance for anyone wishing to apply.

“Our Recruitment team will also be there to answer any questions or concerns you may have about your application."

For more information about joining North Yorkshire Police as a Police Officer visit northyorkshire.police.uk/policeofficer

Posted on 16 October 2017 at 10:56am in News stories
