```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-11T18:53:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at Duncombe Place taxi rank, York at approximately 20 minutes past midnight and involved a blonde woman in a red dress who assaulted a man who was waiting for a taxi. It is believe that the woman&#8217;s boyfriend also assaulted the same man. The victim received minor injuries and did not require hospital [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses to an assault on Duncombe Place, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-to-an-assault-on-duncombe-place-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses to an assault on Duncombe Place, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-to-an-assault-on-duncombe-place-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses who may have witnessed an assault on Duncombe Place, York on Sunday 11th December 2016.

It happened at Duncombe Place taxi rank, York at approximately 20 minutes past midnight and involved a blonde woman in a red dress who assaulted a man who was waiting for a taxi. It is believe that the woman's boyfriend also assaulted the same man.

The victim received minor injuries and did not require hospital treatment.

It is believed that this attack was motivated by race hate, as the woman had made comments about the victims nationality before the attack happened.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about who the offenders are. We believe they are local to York and may have been on a night out at that time.
The female is white, early 30s, slim with shoulder length blonde hair. She was in a red shoulder-less dress.
Her male accomplice is white early 30s, stocky build with short cropped dark hair. He was wearing a dark top and dark trousers.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for John Armstrong. You can also email john.armstrong291@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160223012.

Date 10th January 2016

Contact details:
 John Armstrong \- #0291
John.Armstrong291@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30291
Incident reference:
 12160223012
Posted on 11 January 2017 at 06:53pm in Local appeals
