```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-07T12:33:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-07T12:15:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened just south of the village of Hawsker at around 7.15am on Sunday 7 July 2019. It involved a red Volkswagen Transporter van and a red Ducati 1299 motorbike. The Ducati motorbike was travelling in the direction of Whitby in the company of two other motorbikes. As a result of the collision the rider [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in A171 collision near Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-a171-nearby-hawsker-village-whitby/
title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in A171 collision near Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-a171-nearby-hawsker-village-whitby/
```

Last modified: 7 July 2019 at 01:33pm

A motorcyclist has died following a collision near on the A171 near Whitby.

It happened just south of the village of Hawsker at around 7.15am on Sunday 7 July 2019.

It involved a red Volkswagen Transporter van and a red Ducati 1299 motorbike. The Ducati motorbike was travelling in the direction of Whitby in the company of two other motorbikes.

As a result of the collision the rider of the motorbike, a man aged in his 60s from the Driffield area suffered fatal injuries and died at the scene of the crash.

Police are appealing to anyone who saw either of the vehicles prior to the incident or who witnessed the collision, to please contact them.

Anyone with any information, including any dash-cam footage taken in the area prior to, or after the collision, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12190122590 when providing any information.

The driver of the Volkswagen Transporter, a 38 year-old man from the Midlands area was arrested at the scene of the collision and remains in custody for questioning.

The road was closed for sometime to allow emergency services to respond. It reopened around 1.25pm.

* * *

**Original release: Serious collision – A171 nearby Hawsker village, Whitby**

Posted on 7 July 2019 at 09:47am in News stories

Police are at the scene of a serious collision on the A171 nearby Hawsker village, Whitby.

The two vehicle collision, involving a motorcycle and van, occurred close to the village of Hawsker.

It was reported at 7.18am on Sunday 7 July 2019.

The road is currently blocked and has been closed at the Robin Hood’s Bay junction on the Whitby side and Stainsacre to allow emergency services to attend the scene.

Motorists are advised to avoid the area and find alternative routes.

Please call 101 if you witnessed the collision or believe you have any information that could help quoting reference number NYP-07072019-0179.

Updates to follow.

NB: Please note: the collision was not near the Sainsbury's store as originally posted.

Posted on 7 July 2019 at 01:15pm in News stories
