```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-13T13:18:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-13T13:16:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Bekir Cetinkaya of Tostig Avenue, York, pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned by York Magistrates\u2019 Court on Monday 12 June 2017. On Saturday 3 June 2017, police were contacted by a concerned member of the public, to a report of a suspected drink driver. Police located the car, but within minutes had received [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Drink driver banned only weeks after getting his licence back - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-driver-banned-weeks-getting-licence-back/
title: Drink driver banned only weeks after getting his licence back
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-driver-banned-weeks-getting-licence-back/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2017 at 01:18pm

A 53-year-old York man has been banned from driving for 44 months, just weeks after getting his licence back following a previous ban.

Bekir Cetinkaya of Tostig Avenue, York, pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned by York Magistrates’ Court on Monday 12 June 2017.

On Saturday 3 June 2017, police were contacted by a concerned member of the public, to a report of a suspected drink driver.

Police located the car, but within minutes had received a call from a driver, who was reporting that a Volkswagen Golf had driven into the back of his vehicle when he was stationary at the traffic lights on Lendal Bridge in York.

On attending the scene, police conducted a roadside breath test on Mr Cetinkaya and he provided a reading of 101ug per 100ml of breath – nearly three times the legal limit. (35ug per 100ml of breath)

Mr Cetinkaya, who had been previously charged with drink driving in July last year, had recently been given back his licence after serving a 12-month ban, which had been reduced by 12 weeks due to the completion of a drink driving course.

However, within a few weeks of being able to drive again, Cetinkaya chose to drink and drive.

The Magistrates also ordered him to complete 100 hours of community work and complete a 10-day rehabilitation course. He was also ordered to pay £170 in associated costs.

Speaking about the result, Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton of North Yorkshire Police’s Roads Policing Group, said: “It’s disappointing to see that some drivers do not learn their lesson and fail to comprehend the real danger that they place other road users and themselves in, when they choose to drink and drive.

“Thanks to a member of the public who contacted us and reported their concern, police were already attempting to locate and stop this this driver when he collided with another vehicle, which did unfortunately result in one of the occupants of the car receiving a minor injury.

“North Yorkshire Police remain committed to locating drivers over the limit and getting them off the road and we appreciate the support of the public with our campaign. Anyone with any information regarding a drink or drug driver should contact Police on 101, or if it’s happening at the time call 999.”

Posted on 13 June 2017 at 01:16pm in News stories
