```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-07T23:41:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-01T23:39:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "111 arrests have been made as part of this summer&#8217;s campaign which has been running between 1st and 30th June.\_ 40% of people arrested have been at least twice the legal drink drive limit and 12% have been three times the legal limit. In the same campaign last year only 6% were found to be [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police say the fight against drink and drug driving continues - police make 111 arrested in 30 days - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-say-fight-drink-drug-driving-continues-police-make-111-arrested-30-days/
title: North Yorkshire Police say the fight against drink and drug driving continues - police make 111 arrested in 30 days
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-say-fight-drink-drug-driving-continues-police-make-111-arrested-30-days/
```

Last modified: 7 June 2016 at 11:41pm

As the summer drink and drug drive campaign comes to an end North Yorkshire Police want to remind drivers that the fight against drink and drug driving is far from over.

111 arrests have been made as part of this summer's campaign which has been running between 1st and 30th June. 40% of people arrested have been at least twice the legal drink drive limit and 12% have been three times the legal limit. In the same campaign last year only 6% were found to be over 3 times the limit, which is an alarming increase.

Over 14% of those arrested were found to be under the influence of drugs with 10 people providing positive samples on new drug testing devices. In total Police have carried out over 850 breath tests during the campaign.

70 people have already been charged to appear in court.

Of those cases, Magistrates have been handing out some hefty fines and lengthy bans:

A 35-year-old man was arrested on the A1(M) near Sinderby with a reading of 78ug per 100ml of breath. He was given a £550 fine and ordered to pay £240 court costs along with a 46 month ban.

An 18-year-old man, arrested in Selby with a reading of 59ug per 100ml, received a £581 fine and was ordered to pay £285 court costs. He also received a 16 month driving ban.

Sgt Andy Morton of North Yorkshire Police Roads Policing Group said; "Whilst we are pleased we have taken these dangerous drink and drug drivers off the road, it's very disappointing that people still continue to ignore the warnings and drink or take drugs and get behind the wheel. Not only are they a danger to themselves, they put everyone else on the road at risk.

"Drivers should be assured that drink and drug driving will continue to be a priority for us for the rest of the year. Whilst the national summer campaign may be over, the fight against drink and drug driving in North Yorkshire is not."

He continued "We are out on the roads looking for people breaking the law. No matter what time of year it is, if you choose to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, we are out there and we will catch you. You will face a court appearance, a hefty fine, a driving ban and the possibility of a prison sentence.

"I'd like to thank the members of the public who contacted us about suspected drink and drug drivers. This has assisted us throughout this campaign, enabling us to take these people off the roads. Two drivers of heavy goods vehicles, one a tanker and one carrying steel, were amongst those stopped as a direct result of information from the public.

"I appeal to members of the public that if they have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room.

"For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. You could save someone's life."

Posted on 1 July 2015 at 11:39pm in News stories
