```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:51:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-18T16:34:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At around 5pm on Friday 12 July 2019, John Thomas Marshall, 31, and Sam James Cosgrove, 21, were captured on CCTV cameras walking around a flour mill in Eggborough near Selby. Footage captured the men causing \xA32,500 worth of damage to the CCTV cameras, the CCTV\u2019s server and cutting wires on the roof and inside [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/John-Thomas-Stephan-Marshall-28-07-88.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Burglar jailed after officers recognise him and accomplice in \u2018quality\u2019 CCTV footage - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglar-jailed-after-officers-recognise-him-and-accomplice-in-quality-cctv-footage/
title: "Burglar jailed after officers recognise him and accomplice in \u2018quality\u2019 CCTV footage"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglar-jailed-after-officers-recognise-him-and-accomplice-in-quality-cctv-footage/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:51pm

A burglar has been jailed and another has been handed a community order after North Yorkshire Police officers immediately recognised them on CCTV.

34 months in prison for John Marshall of Doncaster Road, Selby after being recognised on CCTV by officers

At around 5pm on Friday 12 July 2019, John Thomas Marshall, 31, and Sam James Cosgrove, 21, were captured on CCTV cameras walking around a flour mill in Eggborough near Selby.

Footage captured the men causing £2,500 worth of damage to the CCTV cameras, the CCTV’s server and cutting wires on the roof and inside the main building.

The CCTV cameras, which also record audio, also captures one of the burglars using the name “Jonathan” to catch the others attention in addition to the sound of a rock being thrown against a reinforced window to gain entry to the building.

Officers investigating the crime, immediately recognised Marshall and Cosgrove after reviewing the CCTV footage and Marshall was arrested shortly after on suspicion of burglary.

He provided 'no comment' answers in questioning and was remanded in police custody.

A wanted appeal was circulated by the force to appeal for information to help locate Cosgrave and a week later, following calls from members of the public, he handed himself in to police where he was arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Marshall pleaded guilty at York Crown Court

He replied ‘no comment’ throughout his interview and was released whilst the investigation continued before later being charged with burglary.

After pleading guilty in court, Marshall of Doncaster Road, Selby was sentenced to 34 months in prison at York Crown Court on Friday 15 November 2019, two months of which are for violent behaviour at a police station.

Cosgrove, of Driver Street, Leeds had earlier pleaded guilty at York Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 14 November and was and was handed a community order not to enter Selby for 12 months, not to associate with John Marshall, and ordered to pay £250 compensation.

Community order for 21 year-old Sam Cosgrove, of Driver Street, Leeds

Investigator Katie Swift of North Yorkshire Police’s Investigation Hub said:

“This was a fast-moving investigation which was assisted greatly thanks to the quality CCTV footage and local knowledge of our officers which pinned both Cosgrave and Marshall to the crime.

“I’m pleased that Marshall is now behind bars where he can’t cause any further damage to our communities and hope the sentence handed down to both demonstrates our commitment to tackling burglary in North Yorkshire and protecting our residents and businesses from harm.

“We’d like to give a special thanks of members of public who called in with information to assist the investigation.”

Posted on 18 November 2019 at 04:34pm in Burglary, News stories
