```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-14T07:11:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-14T07:09:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A team of North Yorkshire youngsters will be recognised for their hard work and community spirit at a national awards ceremony.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/5Z7A0745-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Award-winning North Yorkshire youngsters get national recognition - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/award-winning-north-yorkshire-youngsters-get-national-recognition/
title: Award-winning North Yorkshire youngsters get national recognition
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/award-winning-north-yorkshire-youngsters-get-national-recognition/
```

Last modified: 14 February 2017 at 07:11am

A team of North Yorkshire youngsters will be recognised for their hard work and community spirit at a national awards ceremony.

Fresh from their success at the North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle 2016 Awards, the Ice Warriors Return team have been shortlisted as finalists in the National Crimebeat Awards.

National Crimebeat is the youth crime prevention charity of the High Sheriffs’ Association in England and Wales. The awards recognise innovative and successful crime prevention projects carried out by young people, which have had a beneficial effect on the community, and are aimed at reducing or preventing crime. The awards ceremony will take place in London on 15 March.

Over the summer holidays last year, Ice Warriors Return – made up of Andrew, Jordon, Luke, Josh and Dean from Selby – decided they were going to clear up, improve and maintain the local memorial garden.

A community-focused project, they engaged with businesses asking for donations of plants, which they received. They tidied and improved the look of the memorial garden, which is no longer a dumping ground. This improved relations between different generations in the town, and the team learned about the importance of maintaining green spaces in a town by planting and looking after flowers. At the North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Awards ceremony, the team received the Shepherd Group Conservation Award.

Sgt Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The Ice Warriors Return are worthy finalists in the National Crimebeat competition. Their inspiring work in the Lifestyle Challenge has made a real and ongoing difference in their community, and they should be very proud of themselves.”

The High Sheriff of North Yorkshire John Furness said: "This is a fantastic project which has not only improved the appearance of their area but has helped to improve relationships between the different generations and has helped to build good relationships with the local police. This showed great initiative on the part of this group of young people, who worked hard to improve this green space for the benefit of the wider community now and in the future. Their actions and resourcefulness is to be applauded."

Posted on 14 February 2017 at 07:09am in News stories
