```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-29T11:37:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "He was 29-year-old James Oliver Thomas Moore-Carnell (pictured) of Stockton Lane, York. Speaking about James, also known as Moorey, his family said; \u201CJames was a kind, honest and genuine person with a heart of gold. He was a very hard working young man who was respected and loved by all who met and knew him. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/7C5166D5-2C6B-4900-8A6E-0EC23BF4FD96.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Family release tribute to cyclist who died in York collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-release-tribute-to-cyclist-who-died-in-york-collision/
title: Family release tribute to cyclist who died in York collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-release-tribute-to-cyclist-who-died-in-york-collision/
```

Last modified: 29 July 2019 at 12:37pm

Police are now in a position to name the cyclist who died in York earlier this month following a collision involving a cyclist and a car.

He was 29-year-old James Oliver Thomas Moore-Carnell (pictured) of Stockton Lane, York.

Speaking about James, also known as Moorey, his family said;

“James was a kind, honest and genuine person with a heart of gold. He was a very hard working young man who was respected and loved by all who met and knew him.

“He lived life to the full and will always be remembered as a much loved son, brother, uncle, brother-in-law and friend.”

The collision occurred just before 1am on Sunday 14 July 2019 on Stockton Lane, heading away from the city, involving a black Toyota Auris and a black and gold trim bicycle.

The driver of the Auris, a 37year-old man, was arrested in relation to causing death by driving without due care and attention and has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Officers have renewed their appeal for witnesses or anyone with CCTV or dash-cam footage to contact them, so they can establish the full circumstances around the incident.

They would particularly like to hear from anyone who had been dropped off by a taxi in the area at the time.

Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Kirsten Aldridge. You can also email Kirsten.Aldridge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote incident 12190127207 when sharing information.

The family respectfully request their privacy during this very unexpected and difficult situation.

Posted on 29 July 2019 at 12:37pm in News stories
