```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-12T09:42:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A competition to help kind-hearted youngsters give something back to their communities has launched for its fifth year.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Lifestyle Challenge 2017 launched across North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-challenge-2017-launched-across-north-yorkshire/
title: Lifestyle Challenge 2017 launched across North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-challenge-2017-launched-across-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 12 June 2017 at 09:42am

A competition to help kind-hearted youngsters give something back to their communities has launched for its fifth year.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 - 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community.

The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the summer holidays that is of benefit to someone or something in North Yorkshire. They then have until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they do in a log book provided by the police.

The log books are then submitted for judging, with the winners attending a glittering awards ceremony in November to receive their prizes.

Projects carried out in last year’s challenge included tidying up a wood in East Cowton; clearing a church yard in Bubwith; hosting a community dog show in York; visiting care homes in York; clearing up a memorial garden in Sherburn-in-Elmet; filling Christmas shoeboxes with gifts for those in need; baking cakes for the community in Filey.

A number of sponsored challenges will help give teams ideas for projects:

 * Community Safety Challenge - Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire
 * Conservation Challenge - The Shepherd Group
 * Safety and Security Challenge - Eboracum
 * Sports Challenge - Energi
 * Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge - PGL

The main award, the Dream Come True Challenge, will be in remembrance of and a tribute to PC Suzanne Asquith.

Neighbourhood Policing Teams will be visiting schools in the coming weeks to promote the challenge, and teams wanting to take part can register online at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle. They will be sent a registration pack, including a log book to record all their work, a handbook with lots of help and advice, and a list of challenges. These are sponsored by local businesses and organisations and are full of inspiring ideas for projects. Work can begin on 17 July 2017.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The Lifestyle Challenge is a fun and productive way to spend the long summer holiday and, as we have seen in previous years, can bring some truly inspirational results.

“These projects benefit not only young people, by giving them an activity to get stuck into over the summer holidays, but also our communities as well. I’m looking forward to seeing what projects North Yorkshire’s young people come up with this year.”

To find out more about the Lifestyle Challenge, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle, or follow North Yorkshire Police’s Youth Team on Twitter at @YouthTeamNYP.

Posted on 12 June 2017 at 09:42am in News stories
