```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:15:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-20T14:14:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a dog attack that occurred near Kingsley Road in Harrogate on 19 September 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man suffers serious injuries after dog bite - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-suffers-serious-injuries-dog-bite/
title: Man suffers serious injuries after dog bite
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-suffers-serious-injuries-dog-bite/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:15pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a dog attack that occurred near Kingsley Road in Harrogate on 19 September 2015.

It happened on the fields adjacent to Kingsley Road and Kingsley Drive near to Harrogate High School at 4pm on 19 Septemebr 2015 and involved a large white dog which was dangerously out of control. The dog attacked a local man who was walking home across the fields. The dog bit the male on his face which resulted in the male suffering serious injuries requiring hospital treatment.

The male suffered puncture wounds below his left eye, nose and lip. He was discharged from hospital after receiving stitches to his injuries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information of any person's who had seen a large white dog out of control in the area at the given date and time, and also ask that if you are the owner of this dog to please make contact with police.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 46 Brendon Frith. You can also email Brendon.Frith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150166501

**20 September 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150166501

Posted on 20 September 2015 at 02:14pm in News stories
