```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-07T14:53:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Jonathon Mark Turner-Miller of Canal Bank, Lymm, Cheshire was sentenced to 3 years and 9 months in prison and banned for being a director of a business for ten years, following a series of frauds between 2011 and 2014. At that time, Turner-Miller was the director of a property development business and claimed to have [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/TURNER-MILLER-Jonathon-Mark-010555.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Property scam fraudster jailed for 3 years 9 months - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-scam-fraudster-jailed-for-3-years-9-months/
title: Property scam fraudster jailed for 3 years 9 months
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-scam-fraudster-jailed-for-3-years-9-months/
```

Last modified: 7 November 2018 at 02:53pm

A 63-year-old man appeared at Teesside Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 6 November 2018) and pleaded guilty to fraud.

Jonathon Mark Turner-Miller of Canal Bank, Lymm, Cheshire was sentenced to 3 years and 9 months in prison and banned for being a director of a business for ten years, following a series of frauds between 2011 and 2014.

At that time, Turner-Miller was the director of a property development business and claimed to have extensive experience in the estate agency business and property market.

The court heard how Turner-Miller set up a rent-to-buy scheme, targeting vulnerable victims and promising them that through the scheme, he would successfully obtain a mortgage for them, allowing them to purchase the property of their dreams.

To participate in the scheme, which Turner-Miller advertised as government backed, victims were advised to provide a 5% deposit on a property. Turner-Miller claimed the money would be held within a secure deposit account and upon completion of the scheme, would be returned to them.

However, following a report from a victim to North Yorkshire Police, officers started to investigate the scheme. They found that Turner-Miller was in fact depositing his customers 5% into his own personal bank account and was spending their money to fund his lifestyle and service his debt.

A detailed and complex police investigation followed and North Yorkshire Police, working alongside Action Fraud, located a total of 11 victims of Turner-Miller, all of which had lost a significant amount of money to the fraudster.

At sentencing, Judge Ashurst stated that the level of harm this fraud had caused was extremely great and had adversely affected the financial and emotional state of each victim, who are still suffering the effects of their financial loss and will feel the effects for years to come.

Investigating officer for North Yorkshire Police, DC Gary SmithOwen, who returned from retirement to bring the investigation to its conclusion said:

“This has been a lengthy and meticulous investigation which started back in 2014, so we are pleased with the sentence that was returned by the court.

“I hope this sends out a strong message to those who think they can con people out of their hard earned savings and take advantage of people’s aspirations, if you are suspected of committing fraud, police will turn over every stone and analyse every detail of your business, in order to protect the vulnerable.

“To those who think they have been a victim of fraud my message is to please contact Action Fraud at the earliest convenience and report the crime. Contact them on on 0300 123 2040, where their specialist advisors are waiting to take your call."

Posted on 7 November 2018 at 02:53pm in News stories
