```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-29T14:46:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Following the burglary, North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Rural Taskforce is urging horse owners and riders to join the Horsewatch scheme\_ for crime prevention advice, including details of security marking services available for tack. PC Hannah McPeake, of the force\u2019s Rural Taskforce, said: \u201CSadly, a number of these crimes have been reported this year, with stables and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police promote crime prevention advice after theft of horse tack near Wetherby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-promote-crime-prevention-advice-after-theft-of-horse-tack-near-wetherby/
title: Police promote crime prevention advice after theft of horse tack near Wetherby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-promote-crime-prevention-advice-after-theft-of-horse-tack-near-wetherby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police are urging horse owners to ensure their property is kept secure - after thieves fled with a large amount of horse tack from a dairy farm in Sicklinghall, near Wetherby, last week.

Following the burglary, North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce is urging horse owners and riders to join the Horsewatch scheme for crime prevention advice, including details of security marking services available for tack.

PC Hannah McPeake, of the force’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Sadly, a number of these crimes have been reported this year, with stables and tack rooms being targeted and large quantities of expensive horse tack being stolen. It is important that horse owners take preventative measures to ensure their property is kept secured.

“North Yorkshire Police offers a free tack marking service which involves marking items with a unique number using ‘dot peen’ property marking technology, this not only deters would-be thieves but it also makes identification easier if stolen.”

The next tack marking day will take place on Saturday 29 September 2018, at R&R Country, Hemingbrough, Selby, from 10am until 2pm.

PC McPeake added: “If the worst should happen and you do become a victim of crime, it’s important that you have details, identifying features and photographs of your horses and equipment to hand. Providing that information to the police promptly could help us return your equipment to you, and even secure convictions at court.”

Following the Sicklinghall burglary, police are appealing to the public to get in touch if anyone has any information or if they are offered the stolen items for sale.

The following items were stolen:

• Amerigo Dressage Saddle 17.5 inches wide with the black serial number 2843105
• An Equipe Jump Saddle 17.5 inches wide brown
• Passier Dressage Saddle 18 inches
• Black Bates Cair Jump Saddle 18 inches black
• Stubben full size brown bridle
• Shires full size black bridle
• Shires in hand black bridle and lead
• Black exercise bridle
• 6 inch Neue Schule universal bit
• 5.5 inch Neue Schule fulmer with lozenge
• 4.5 inch pony snaffle
• 5 inch Happy Mouth with Lozenge
• 2 Wintec jump girths
• 2 dressage girths one is Amerigo
• Liveryman heavy duty clippers no blades, but fits an A2 blade.

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101, quoting ref 12180110478. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Posted on 29 June 2018 at 03:46pm in News stories
