```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T09:43:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-11T09:42:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a sexual assault that occurred in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sexual assault on Coney Street, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sexual-assault-coney-street-york/
title: Sexual assault on Coney Street, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sexual-assault-coney-street-york/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 09:43am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a sexual assault that occurred in York.

It happened at approximately 3:40pm on Saturday 7 May 2016 near WH Smiths. A woman in her twenties was the victim of a sexual assault as she walked along a busy shopping street. She confronted a man and a woman who she believed to be responsible. They walked away laughing.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the couple seen by the victim. The man was white, around 5ft 8″ in height, of medium build with short dark hair. He was wearing a dark polo shirt, with tattoos on one or both of his arms. The woman was white, slightly taller than the man, medium build, with long straight fair hair.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 292 Alastair Foy. You can also email alastair.foy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160079364.

Date 11/05/2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160079364

Posted on 11 May 2016 at 09:42am in News stories
