```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-13T13:29:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Six &quot;carers&quot; have today (13 February 2015) been sentenced for their part in defrauding a 91-year-old disabled woman from Skipton out of half a million pounds.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/02/Amanda_Carroll.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "&quot;Carers&quot; sentenced for fleecing 91-year-old woman of \xA3500,000 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/carers-sentenced-for-fleecing-91-year-old-woman-of-500000/
title: "\"Carers\" sentenced for fleecing 91-year-old woman of \xA3500,000"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/carers-sentenced-for-fleecing-91-year-old-woman-of-500000/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Six "carers" have today (13 February 2015) been sentenced for their part in defrauding a 91-year-old disabled woman from Skipton out of half a million pounds.

View image

Wendy Denise Bell, 57 and her daughter, Lisa Denise Bell, 30, both of Cullingworth, Bradford, were found guilty by jury at Bradford Crown Court in January 2015 of conspiracy to defraud. Wendy Bell was also found guilty of fraud by false representation.

Amanda Jane Carroll, 44, from Shipley, Caron Tracey Gilbert, 33, Alice Barker, 57, and Linda Mynott, 60, all from Keighley, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to de-fraud at an earlier hearing. Amanda Carroll also pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud by false representation.

 * Wendy Bell was sentenced to three years and six months' imprisonment.
 * Amanda Carroll was sentenced to three years and five months' imprisonment.
 * Lisa Bell was sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment suspended for two years. She was also given a 300-hour community order and a four-month electronic tag curfew between the hours of 9pm and 7am.
 * Alice Barker was given a nine-month suspended sentence and given an 80-hour community order.
 * Linda Mynott was given a seven-month suspended sentence and placed on an electronic tag curfew for four months between the hours of 8pm and 8am.
 * Caron Gilbert was given a 30-day community order.
 * When her regular carer fell ill, the victim, who suffered from Parkinson's disease, employed Wendy Bell via an agency to provide her care. Bell then took a lead role in arranging 24-hour cover, bypassing the agency to pay the wages of the "staff" recruited by herself and Carroll, directly.The group of carers, made up of the family and friends of Bell and Carroll, went on to charge the victim grossly inflated amounts for her care over a two-year period, charging up to £40,000 a month.

None of the women had any qualifications for looking after a person with Parkinson's disease, they did not receive any training, none had had any legal checks and none paid tax or National Insurance on their earnings.

The group's criminal activity was eventually uncovered when the community matron raised concerns when she discovered the amount of money the victim was paying for her care.

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Shane Martin of Skipton CID, said: "This was one of the worst cases of financial abuse I have ever seen. These so-called carers abused their position of trust and responsibility, provided a poor standard of care and plundered the unsuspecting victim's bank account, believing they would never be found out.

"Their victim was a frail and elderly lady who trusted the women to look after her in her in her own home, a situation which has to come with a high degree of trust. These women abused that trust with impunity.

"Today's outcome should send a very clear message to those who seek to take advantage of the elderly and vulnerable. Justice will be done and you will be made to face the consequences of your actions."

**Spot the signs of financial abuse:**

 * Unexplained loss of money
 * Inability to pay bills, overdue rent
 * Person unable to access their own money or check their own accounts
 * Deterioration in standard of living, for example an inability to purchase items that they could normally afford
 * Unusual activity in bank accounts
 * Cheques being signed or cashed by other people without someone's consent
 * Inappropriate granting and/or use of a Power of Attorney
 * Sudden change or creation of a will to benefit an individual significantly
 * Missing personal belongings such as art, jewellery and silverware.

If you suspect someone is committing fraud, please call your local police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 13 February 2015 at 01:29pm in News stories
