```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-12T13:47:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-12T12:18:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "To assist their enquiries, officers have released\_have released three images of two men, which were captured by the store&#8217;s CCTV cameras. At around 8.25pm the two men gained access to the store via the roof of a neighbouring property. Once inside the adjacent property, they went on to put a hole in the wall between [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/FH3-215x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police release images of burglars who broke into Fraser Hart jewellers via adjacent property - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-release-images-burglars-broke-fraser-hart-jewellers-via-adjacent-property/
title: Police release images of burglars who broke into Fraser Hart jewellers via adjacent property
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-release-images-burglars-broke-fraser-hart-jewellers-via-adjacent-property/
```

Last modified: 12 April 2018 at 02:47pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and information regarding the attempted burglary of Fraser Hart jewellers on Coney Street, York on the evening of Sunday 1 April 2018.

To assist their enquiries, officers have released have released three images of two men, which were captured by the store's CCTV cameras.

At around 8.25pm the two men gained access to the store via the roof of a neighbouring property. Once inside the adjacent property, they went on to put a hole in the wall between the first and second floor, and entered the Fraser Hart store.

Startled by the alarm, they left the store empty handed. However, they have caused a substantial amount of damage to the neighbouring store - a Cancer Research charity shop.

Speaking about the burglary, Investigator David Pegg said;

"These two men paid no regard to the damage they caused to two buildings and the distress they have caused to the staff of both stores. They were only concerned with their own selfish gain.

"Whilse we realise that the CCTV images do not offer views of either men's faces, it's hoped that their distinctive clothing may be recognisable and enable someone to offer information which would assist our investigation.

"This break-in took place at around 8.25pm that Sunday evening, when Coney Street is open to traffic. If you were driving down Coney Street, or were in York city centre at this time and saw anything which aroused your suspicion, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to David Pegg. You can also email me at David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk - please quote reference 12180055370.

"If you do not want to talk directly to the police, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800555111."

Posted on 12 April 2018 at 01:18pm in News stories
