```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-10T14:18:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It\_happened at Riggs Head, Irton Moor Lane,\_and was reported on 9 August, but is believed to have taken place on 26 July 2018. The\_the gate to\_the lamb&#8217;s\_field was left open by the suspects and the\_lambs were allowed free, and it is believed 25 of them were subsequently stolen. The lambs had recently been dipped and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after 25 lambs stolen from Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-25-lambs-stolen-from-scarborough/
title: Appeal after 25 lambs stolen from Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-25-lambs-stolen-from-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 10 August 2018 at 03:18pm

Police are appealing for information after 25 lambs were stolen from a field near Scarborough.

It happened at Riggs Head, Irton Moor Lane, and was reported on 9 August, but is believed to have taken place on 26 July 2018.
The the gate to the lamb's field was left open by the suspects and the lambs were allowed free, and it is believed 25 of them were subsequently stolen.

The lambs had recently been dipped and it is possible that their meat could cause illness if consumed. Officers are currently awaiting the results of tests to determine the level of risk. In the meantime they are advising members of the public to be cautious of any lamb offered for sale under dubious circumstances and to contact the police if they have been offered any cheap lamb meat for sale.

They are also appealing to anyone who has any information about suspicious people or vehicles seen in the area at the time or, if they are aware of anyone has tried to sell cheap lamb meat in the Scarborough area since the theft.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1279 Paul Gibson-Hodges. You can also email paul.gibson-hodges@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180147407

Posted on 10 August 2018 at 03:18pm in News stories
