```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-22T16:00:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The NSPCC recently re-launched its PANTS rules, which includes a catchy Pantosaurus song, video and activity pack, to help adults find the right words to have a conversation with their youngsters about identifying and avoiding such dangers. Parents and children can sing along with Pantosaurus\_ where the cartoon character explains each letter of the acronym [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/Talk-PANTS-pic.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire Police supports NSPCC\u2019s \u201CTalk PANTS\u201D campaign - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-supports-nspccs-talk-pants-campaign/
title: "North Yorkshire Police supports NSPCC\u2019s \u201CTalk PANTS\u201D campaign"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-supports-nspccs-talk-pants-campaign/
```

Last modified: 22 October 2019 at 05:00pm

North Yorkshire Police is urging parents and guardians to “Talk PANTS” to help keep children safe from sexual abuse.

The NSPCC recently re-launched its PANTS rules, which includes a catchy Pantosaurus song, video and activity pack, to help adults find the right words to have a conversation with their youngsters about identifying and avoiding such dangers.

Parents and children can sing along with **Pantosaurus** where the cartoon character explains each letter of the acronym **PANTS** :

 * **P** rivates are private
 * **A** lways remember your body belongs to you
 * **N** o means no
 * **T** alk about secrets that upset you
 * **S** peak up, someone can help

This simple-but-valuable rule is aimed at children aged eight and under, emphasising in an age appropriate way that their body belongs to them, they have a right to say “no” and that they should tell an adult they trust if they’re worried or upset.

**Guides to download**

Specific, simple **guides have been created **to help children learn the PANTS rules through fun, interactive questions.

Two additional guides have been created for children with learning disabilities, as well as for autistic children. These simple guides can be downloaded free of charge.

A **PANTS activity pack** is also available for free or a suggested £5 donation, which includes stickers, a bookmark, parents’ guide and activities.

**Common questions and answers**

Parents and guardians who are nervous or unsure how to answer questions that may arise from the campaign can also check out the NSPCC ‘how to answer questions’ guide online, which offers **tips and advice** on questions commonly asked by children.

**Reporting child abuse**

**NSPCC Helplines:**

 * ****Help for adults concerned about a child – call 0808 800 5000****
 * **Help for children and young people – call Childline on 0800 1111**

 * **For more information go to** **www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/**

**Call North Yorkshire Police on 101 or dial 999 if an emergency response is required.**

****

Posted on 22 October 2019 at 05:00pm in News stories
