```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-06T12:43:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-06T11:37:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Gerrard Burrell-Hodgson, 53, from Deighton, near Northallerton, has been missing since the morning of Monday 1 March 2021. Following an extensive search, a man\u2019s body was found in a rural area north of Helmsley this morning. While a formal identification has yet to take place, Mr Burrell-Hodgson\u2019s family has been informed. Inspector Sarah Sanderson thanked [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police in missing person search locate man&#039;s body - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/urgent-appeal-to-find-missing-deighton-man/
title: Police in missing person search locate man's body
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/urgent-appeal-to-find-missing-deighton-man/
```

Last modified: 6 March 2021 at 12:43pm

Update: Police searching for a missing person in rural North Yorkshire have found a man’s body.

Gerrard Burrell-Hodgson, 53, from Deighton, near Northallerton, has been missing since the morning of Monday 1 March 2021.

Following an extensive search, a man’s body was found in a rural area north of Helmsley this morning.

While a formal identification has yet to take place, Mr Burrell-Hodgson’s family has been informed.

Inspector Sarah Sanderson thanked all the members of the public who have helped and supported the family and police as they tried to locate Mr Burrell-Hodgson.

His family is now being supported by specially-trained officers.

**Original appeal 02.03.21:**

The family of a missing man have thanked people for their “incredible support”, as the search to find him continues

Gerrard Burrell-Hodgson, 53, from Deighton, near Northallerton, has been missing since the morning of Monday 1 March 2021.

Police are extremely concerned for his welfare, and are urging members of the public to report any possible sightings. He may be driving a grey/silver Land Rover Defender 90, registration PK62 ORA.

Searches have been carried out in the North York Moors and Howardian Hills areas, east of Northallerton. The NPAS police helicopter has also been assisting the search.

In a statement, Gerrard’s family said: “We would like to thank everyone who has helped so far for their incredible support and help in finding him as soon as possible.

“We are helping to coordinate searches with Gerrard’s friends from the local area, and it would be fantastic to have any more information that would help us try to target our search areas.

“If anyone has any information, or has seen Gerrard or his vehicle, please contact the police immediately. Also, please help by sharing our appeal with the local community, as well as walking and cycling groups, and encourage people to keep an eye out while they are active in the area.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police immediately, quoting reference number 12210069596. Call police on 101, or 999 if it is urgent.

Posted on 6 March 2021 at 11:37am in Missing people, News stories
