```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-31T15:26:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-31T13:52:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Working with the military is part and parcel of our every day life in the Catterick Garrison area. We share premises with them and a lot of our operational activity is carried out jointly with the military. Inspector Mark Gee who oversees the Richmondshire area including Catterick Garrison, said: \u201CThe military are a key partner [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Why you&#039;ve might have seen us working with military colleagues - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/why-youve-might-have-seen-us-working-with-military-colleagues/
title: Why you've might have seen us working with military colleagues
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/why-youve-might-have-seen-us-working-with-military-colleagues/
```

Last modified: 31 March 2020 at 04:26pm

There has been a lot of discussion about our work with military colleagues in the Richmondshire area as we continue our response to the Coronavirus outbreak.

Working with the military is part and parcel of our every day life in the Catterick Garrison area. We share premises with them and a lot of our operational activity is carried out jointly with the military.

Inspector Mark Gee who oversees the Richmondshire area including Catterick Garrison, said: “The military are a key partner of North Yorkshire Police and it is normal practice for us to work very closely with them in and around Catterick Garrison. It is the largest Army base in the country, we share a police station and a front counter, and it is nothing out of the ordinary to see us working alongside them - whether it’s a proactive policing operation such as Project Servator or routine patrols.

“Our interaction with members of the public and Garrison residents was welcomed by the people we spoke to and by having our military colleagues on hand, they were able to engage with Garrison personnel and be a familiar face. From the feedback we received, our policing style was appreciated, supported and welcomed by the local community - both soldiers, their families, and civilians alike.

“We remain focused on engagement, explanation and encouragement of the social distancing rules and will only use enforcement as a last resort.”

Thank you to everyone who continues to support the national effort to protect the NHS and save lives.

Posted on 31 March 2020 at 02:52pm in News stories
