```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-02-21T15:26:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of two quad bikes in Arncliffe. The vehicles were taken between 12.30am and 1am on Thursday, 21 February. The first was taken from a stone outbuilding on a farm and a second from a driveway of a neighbouring farm. Officers would like to speak with [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following theft of quad bikes in Arncliffe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-theft-of-quad-bikes-in-arncliffe/
title: Appeal for information following theft of quad bikes in Arncliffe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-theft-of-quad-bikes-in-arncliffe/
```

Last modified: 21 February 2019 at 03:26pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of two quad bikes in Arncliffe.

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of two quad bikes in Arncliffe.

The vehicles were taken between 12.30am and 1am on Thursday, 21 February. The first was taken from a stone outbuilding on a farm and a second from a driveway of a neighbouring farm.

Officers would like to speak with anyone who witnessed anything suspicious around the time of the thefts or in the days leading up to them. It is believed the offenders travelled to the scene in at least one vehicle and one of the stolen bikes was captured on CCTV leaving Arncliffe followed by a silver 53 plate VW Golf and officers would like to speak with the owners of this car or anyone who may have seen it.

PC Rich Sutcliffe, said: “There is clear evidence to suggest these two offences are linked and it is highly likely the offenders had been in the area prior to the thefts and may have been spotted acting suspiciously.

“I would urge owners of quad bikes and other agricultural equipment to remain vigilant, report any suspicious activity and also review their security.

“More information about securing vehicles and property can be found on the North Yorkshire Police website.”

The stolen bikes are both red in colour, the first is a Can Am Outlander and the second is a Honda TRX500 with the registration number NK18 FKO.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Rich Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190032129.

>

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31278
Incident reference:
 12190032129
Posted on 21 February 2019 at 03:26pm in Local appeals
