```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:53:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-19T13:52:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating the death of a Middlesbrough cyclist who was found seriously injured on Buttertubs Pass in the Yorkshire Dales are appealing for a number of drivers and the occupants of a small yellow car - possibly a Toyota or Suzuki to come forward.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATED: MG drivers, run for Joe Allen drivers and occupants of small yellow car sought in Buttertubs cyclist death appeal - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-mg-drivers-run-joe-allen-drivers-occupants-small-yellow-car-sought-buttertubs-cyclist-death-appeal/
title: 'UPDATED: MG drivers, run for Joe Allen drivers and occupants of small yellow car sought in Buttertubs cyclist death appeal'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-mg-drivers-run-joe-allen-drivers-occupants-small-yellow-car-sought-buttertubs-cyclist-death-appeal/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:53pm

Police investigating the death of a Middlesbrough cyclist who was found seriously injured on Buttertubs Pass in the Yorkshire Dales are appealing for a number of drivers and the occupants of a small yellow car - possibly a Toyota or Suzuki to come forward.

UPDATED: 19 October 2015

Police have widened their appeal to any drivers who took part in the Run for Joe Allen organised by the Buttertubs Run on Sunday 4 October 2015 to contact them if they saw a lone cyclist riding to the summit of Butertubs Pass.

Appeal issued 16 October 2015

Police investigating the death of a Middlesbrough cyclist who was found seriously injured on Buttertubs Pass in the Yorkshire Dales are appealing for a number of MG drivers and the occupants of a small yellow car - possibly a Toyota or Suzuki to come forward.

The vehicles were in the area at the time cyclist, Patrick McDonough, 59, was found on the morning of Sunday 4 October 2015.

It is believed the occupants of the small yellow car were taking photographs of the scenery and were possibly professional photographers.

Officers have stressed that the vehicle occupants they are trying to trace could have valuable information and that there is no suspicion at this time, that they were involved.

If you saw a lone cyclist travelling between Hawes and Muker along Buttertubs Pass on the Sunday morning, please get in touch.

Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit, or emailMCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

To recap, Mr McDonough was found with serious injuries on the pass - the road between Hawes and Muker - at around 11.40am. He was taken to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where he died on the night of Monday 5 October 2015.

He had been travelling from the direction of Hawes towards Muker and was wearing a white helmet, fluorescent yellow t-shirt and dark coloured shorts and was riding a silver Canyon pedal cycle.

The road was closed to attend to the casualty and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 5.40pm.

16 October 2015

Posted on 19 October 2015 at 01:52pm in News stories
