```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:41:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-20T15:53:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a collision that occurred on Falsgrave road outside the Spar shop in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to identify a motorcycle rider involved in Scarborough collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-motorcycle-rider-involved-scarborough-collision/
title: Appeal to identify a motorcycle rider involved in Scarborough collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-motorcycle-rider-involved-scarborough-collision/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:41am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a collision that occurred on Falsgrave road outside the Spar shop in Scarborough.

The incident happened on Thursday 14 December 2017 on Falsgrave Road between 12:00pm and 12:30pm. It involved a blue motorbike, driven by a man, and a pedestrian. The pedestrian, a 25 year old woman, was carrying a small child at the time of the collision.

The rider came off the bike but appeared uninjured. He then left the scene without speaking to the pedestrian or giving his details.

The 25 year old woman went to Scarborough Hospital with bruising to her foot. The child was uninjured.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information which could assist police in identifying the motorbike or the rider.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Paul O'Neill. You can also email Paul.o'neill@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170223521 when passing on information.

Contact details:
 Paul O'Neill \- #562
paul.o'neill@Northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170223521
Posted on 20 December 2017 at 03:53pm in Local appeals
