```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:55:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-27T12:55:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A record-breaking police crime prevention campaign has seen more than 6,000 York homes checked to ensure they are secured against criminals.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 6,000 barrier broken in York&#039;s biggest ever home security campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/6000-barrier-broken-yorks-biggest-ever-home-security-campaign/
title: 6,000 barrier broken in York's biggest ever home security campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/6000-barrier-broken-yorks-biggest-ever-home-security-campaign/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:55pm

A record-breaking police crime prevention campaign has seen more than 6,000 York homes checked to ensure they are secured against criminals.

Dozens of officers, PCSOs, Special Constables, volunteers and Police Cadets have been patrolling the streets of York as part of the city's biggest ever clampdown on burglars.

Since the start of May, more than 6,000 households have been visually and physically checked to ensure their owners have left them secure.

The campaign, Operation Joypad, aims to ensure York remains a no-go area for sneak-in burglars. Although York is a very safe city to live, crimes of opportunity tend to increase in the summer, as homeowners leave windows and doors open, or spend time in back gardens.

When an insecure property is found, officers contact the homeowner and provide suitable home security advice. So far, fewer than 1 in 10 of the 6,000 properties checked have been found insecure - but officers are hoping for that figure to fall further as the campaign continues.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "Sneak-in thieves will take any chance to help themselves to your belongings, so please don't give them that opportunity. It takes just a few seconds to lock your doors and windows, and it could save you a great deal of expense and distress.

"Even though the vast majority - 9 out of 10 properties in York - are well-secured against burglars, we need to do more to increase this figure further, and so Operation Joypad will continue throughout the summer.

"I am particularly pleased that Joypad has been superbly supported by our Special Constables, volunteers and cadets, who have given up their own time voluntarily to boost this important campaign."

Officers are hoping to have visited 25,000 properties in York by the end of the summer.

As part of Operation Joypad, police have also used 'dot peen' security marking machines to mark over 200 items of property, including tablets, phones and cycles. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide evidence vital in securing prosecutions.

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, contact your local police team via 101, or follow them on Facebook, or Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest - the service is promoted with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

For more information about home security and property marking, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also install North Yorkshire Police's home security web app, BurglarProof, at burglarproof.nyp.mobi. And you can download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad - just search for "Securing your home" on iTunes.

**27 May 2016**

Posted on 27 May 2016 at 12:55pm in News stories
