```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-03T13:34:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The National Crime Agency and North Yorkshire Police, together with a range of partners from across industry and the public sector, are this week carrying out a range of activity to help businesses and members of the public guard against cyber crime
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Law enforcement nationwide helping people and businesses to guard against cyber crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/law-enforcement-nationwide-helping-people-and-businesses-to-guard-against-cyber-crime/
title: Law enforcement nationwide helping people and businesses to guard against cyber crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/law-enforcement-nationwide-helping-people-and-businesses-to-guard-against-cyber-crime/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

The National Crime Agency and North Yorkshire Police, together with a range of partners from across industry and the public sector, are this week carrying out a range of activity to help businesses and members of the public guard against cyber crime

The NCA has developed customised intelligence reports for internet hosting companies and service providers, acting on data provided by CERT-UK (The UK's Computer Emergency Response Team) and the Shadowserver Foundation.

The analysis has so far identified that there are 5,531 compromises on servers within the UK each of which can be used to send out spam email, launch attacks against websites or servers, or install phishing websites to gain access to sensitive information. With phishing representing one of the most common cyber crime threats to the public and businesses, the NCA estimates that organisations acting on this advice could, between them, clean up to half of the phishing attacks that typically originate from the UK each month.

Following a number of high-profile malware threats to the UK, the NCA is conducting this activity to proactively assist network administrators who manage key parts of the UK internet infrastructure.

The reports will be issued by officers from ten police Regional Organised Crime Units (ROCUs), comprised of 43 individual police forces, as well as Police Scotland and Police Service of Northern Ireland. They will notify businesses of cyber crime threats on their systems and will also include information on how they can subscribe to customised live threat data feeds.

This work is part of the NCA and police's wider ongoing programme of engagement with industry partners, including ISPs, banks and security firms to collaboratively tackle crime threats to the UK and help facilitate the clean up of the UK's internet infrastructure.

The Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) has worked with four police forces to hold cyber-security pop-up shops in London, Reading, Derby and Manchester this weekend. Anyone can bring along their digital devices for a free health check and to get advice on online banking, virus protection and protecting themselves online. The pop-up shops enable people to get advice from a range of cyber experts from law enforcement bodies, banks, cyber security firms and information services such as Cyber Streetwise and Get Safe Online.

Malware clean-up tools for businesses and members of the public, as well as information and advice on many aspects of online safety, are available at www.cyberstreetwise.com and www.getsafeonline.org. Online crime can be reported at www.actionfraud.police.uk

Andy Archibald, Deputy Director of the NCA's National Cyber Crime Unit, said: "Behind this week's activity is the message that all of us, as individuals, businesses or law enforcement agencies, have a role to play in making the UK a safe place to enjoy the huge opportunities provided by the internet.

"Awareness of the type of cyber crime dangers which are out there is vital, whoever you are, as is collaboration between organisations across different sectors, regions and countries to develop the most effective ways of combating those threats.

"We will continue to work with partners to pursue and disrupt the major crime groups targeting the UK, but also, crucially, to make the UK as difficult as possible a target for cyber criminals in the first place."

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Walker, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Cybercrime is a genuine threat to our communities and we want to encourage people to be vigilant.

"This week is not just about a compounded effort to tackle this type of crime across the region, it is also an opportunity to tell the public about the security measures they can and should be taking to help prevent them becoming a victim of cybercrime.

"Cybercrime has many guises, the most significant being financial and online sexual abuse and bullying.

"With more and more people owning smart phones and tablets, undertaking online transactions and holding numerous social media accounts, we all need to make sure we are vigilant to criminals who use the internet to commit crime.

"North Yorkshire Police is carrying out a survey to help us to better understand the fear of cybercrime in our local communities. We would like as many people as possible to visit our website and ."

National Policing Lead for Cyber Crime, Deputy Chief Constable Peter Goodman said: "Across the country, specialist cyber investigation teams in our ROCUs have developed the capability to take on cyber criminals and put a stop to their activity.

"The internet is an incredible resource for all of us and we want the public to have confidence in the digital space. We can give them that confidence by relentlessly targeting those who use the internet to commit crime.

"We alone cannot prevent people being targeted by cyber-criminals. Nor can we can mitigate all the effects of an attack. It is important that everyone does what they can to avoid falling victim to cyber criminals. I hope as many people possible make the most of the free

Posted on 3 March 2015 at 01:34pm in News stories
