```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-05T16:56:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-05T16:35:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened near to Vernon House in the Vernon Close area of Bishopthorpe between 3pm and 10pm on Tuesday 4 February. The suspects gained entry by using a garden implement to gain entry through a rear window whilst the 70 year-old homeowner was visiting his wife in hospital, just after she had been admitted after [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Elderly couple burgled as wife was admitted to hospital \u2013 can you help? - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/elderly-couple-burgled-as-wife-was-admitted-to-hospital-can-you-help/
title: "Elderly couple burgled as wife was admitted to hospital \u2013 can you help?"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/elderly-couple-burgled-as-wife-was-admitted-to-hospital-can-you-help/
```

Last modified: 5 February 2020 at 04:56pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in York.

It happened near to Vernon House in the Vernon Close area of Bishopthorpe between 3pm and 10pm on Tuesday 4 February.

The suspects gained entry by using a garden implement to gain entry through a rear window whilst the 70 year-old homeowner was visiting his wife in hospital, just after she had been admitted after suffering a stroke. They stole a £20,000 Rolex watch and a gold chain.

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Investigating Officer David Pegg from North Yorkshire Police said:

“This is a particularly horrific crime committed against an elderly couple, not least because the husband came home after visiting his wife in hospital, to discover they had been burgled. He was understandably distressed at the discovery, especially as his wife had only just been admitted to hospital earlier that day after having a stroke whilst he was in the middle of recovering from a heart attack himself.

“It’s our absolute priority to catch those responsible and we’re appealing to anyone with any information that could help our investigation to get in touch. In particular, we’d like to hear from anyone who noticed anything suspicious or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in the area at the time to contact us.”

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Pegg You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200020324 ****

Posted on 5 February 2020 at 04:35pm in News stories
