```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-18T11:24:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-18T11:14:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 6.45pm on Friday 15 March 2019, a group of three motorcycles were travelling towards York on the A166 from the direction of Stamford Bridge. Near the junction with Murton Lane, one of the motorcycles, a white Triumph, collided with a traffic island. The rider, a 36-year-old man from the Selby area, suffered serious [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious motorcycle collision near York - police witness appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-motorcycle-collision-near-york-police-witness-appeal/
title: Serious motorcycle collision near York - police witness appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-motorcycle-collision-near-york-police-witness-appeal/
```

Last modified: 18 March 2019 at 11:24am

Police have issued an appeal for information, and for an important witness to come forward, after a serious collision at Murton near York.

At about 6.45pm on Friday 15 March 2019, a group of three motorcycles were travelling towards York on the A166 from the direction of Stamford Bridge. Near the junction with Murton Lane, one of the motorcycles, a white Triumph, collided with a traffic island.

The rider, a 36-year-old man from the Selby area, suffered serious injuries, and was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by Air Ambulance.

The road remained closed until about 12.15am the following day for collision investigation.

TC Mark Patterson, of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, said: "We are looking to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken to the police. We also want to hear from anyone who was on the A166 between Stamford Bridge and Grimston Bar on Friday evening and may have seen a group of three motorcycles travelling together, or anyone who has dashcam footage for that time."

In addition, officers are particularly keen to speak to the driver of a white van, possibly with black or grey trim, which was travelling from Grimston Bar towards Stamford Bridge and who may have seen the collision.

Witnesses, or anyone who can help the investigation, should email TC Mark Patterson (Mark.Patterson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk) or TC Andrew Kirby (Andrew.Kirby@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk), or phone 101. Please quote incident reference number 12190047023 when passing information.

Posted on 18 March 2019 at 11:14am in News stories
