```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-01T14:47:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-01T14:46:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened around Chapelfields Road and Ridgeway in Acomb, York, between 9.45pm and 10.15pm on Thursday 25 July 2019. The suspect jumped onto the bonnet of the victim&#8217;s car when it had stopped at the junction. The 22-year-old woman driver got out of the car and the suspect pulled out a knife and threatened her, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to find vital witnesses to attempted car robbery in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-find-vital-witnesses-to-attempted-car-robbery-in-york/
title: Appeal to find vital witnesses to attempted car robbery in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-find-vital-witnesses-to-attempted-car-robbery-in-york/
```

Last modified: 1 August 2019 at 03:47pm

Police in York are appealing for witnesses, including two people who came to the aid of a woman when a man threatened her with a knife and ordered her to give him her car.

It happened around Chapelfields Road and Ridgeway in Acomb, York, between 9.45pm and 10.15pm on Thursday 25 July 2019.

The suspect jumped onto the bonnet of the victim's car when it had stopped at the junction.

The 22-year-old woman driver got out of the car and the suspect pulled out a knife and threatened her, telling her to give him her car or he would tell people she had run him over.

A man driving a silver car came to her assistance and the suspect ran off along Ridgeway towards the direction of St Aiden's Church.

Although not physically injured, the woman was badly shaken by her ordeal.

Officers are appealing to the man who came to victim's aid and his woman passenger to come forward as they may have vital information about the suspect.

They would also like to hear from anyone else who was in the area at the time and saw the incident or saw a man running along Ridgeway around the time of the incident.

They would also like to hear from anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the incident or the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white, around 23-30 years old, 5ft, 7in, of skinny build with a thin face, he was clean shaven, had dark eyebrows and spoke with a local accent. He was wearing a black hooded top and dark coloured trousers.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dave Marsden . You can also email David.Marsden@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190135830.

Contact details:
 Dave Marsden \- #1322
David.Marsden@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643279
Incident reference:
 12190135830
Posted on 1 August 2019 at 03:46pm in Local appeals
