```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-11T11:03:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: CCTV appeal following the fraudulent use of bank card in York Police investigating the fraudulent use of a bank card at a shop in York have issued CCTV images of a man and a woman they would like to speak to. At around 7.50pm on Monday 25 September 2017 a woman left her bank card [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man and woman identified following CCTV appeal - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-following-fraudulent-use-bank-card-york/
title: 'Update: Man and woman identified following CCTV appeal'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-following-fraudulent-use-bank-card-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

The man and woman who officers wanted to speak to in connection with the fraudulent use of a bank card at a shop in York have been identified.

**CCTV appeal following the fraudulent use of bank card in York**

Police investigating the fraudulent use of a bank card at a shop in York have issued CCTV images of a man and a woman they would like to speak to.

At around 7.50pm on Monday 25 September 2017 a woman left her bank card in a self-service till at the Tesco store on Low Ousegate, York.

The next customers on the till, a man and a women, found the card. The man then used the card to purchase their own items to the value of £10.49, falsely representing himself as the card holder.

The man is described a being in his late 20s, of large build, about 6ft tall with long dark hair tied in a top knot and a thick long dark beard. He was wearing a white and black striped shirt over a black t-shirt with white font on it.

The female is of similar age with long bright blue wavy hair and was wearing a black and white coat.

Police have issued CCTV stills of a man and woman they would like to speak to in connection with the incident as they may have important information that could assist the investigation.

If you recognise them or have any information that can assist our investigation please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Kristoffer Griffiths or email Kristoffer.Griffiths@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number **12170172956**

Posted on 11 December 2017 at 11:03am in News stories
