```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-03-16T15:27:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Target ran from 8am to midnight and saw officers from the Roads Policing Group, Road Crime Team, Rural Task Force, Firearms Support Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Teams provide an extra boost to local policing teams to engage with local people, deter and target criminals, gather intelligence and provide a reassuring presence in local communities. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Target arrives in Craven - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-target-arrives-craven/
title: Operation Target arrives in Craven
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-target-arrives-craven/
```

Last modified: 16 March 2017 at 03:27pm

A week-long proactive policing operation that’s sweeping across North Yorkshire arrived in the Craven District yesterday (Wednesday 15 March 2017).

Operation Target ran from 8am to midnight and saw officers from the Roads Policing Group, Road Crime Team, Rural Task Force, Firearms Support Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Teams provide an extra boost to local policing teams to engage with local people, deter and target criminals, gather intelligence and provide a reassuring presence in local communities.

The key theme of the operation is vulnerability with officers specifically targeting and gathering intelligence about those who exploit vulnerable people.

Officers conducted high visibility patrols targeting drug dealing, anti-social behaviour, burglary prevention and those who exploit young people.
They also provided safety advice and guidance to local residents and gathered information and intelligence to inform future activity.

A key part of the operation was to promote and encourage residents to sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging – a system that allows members of the public to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their area. Visit NYCM.co.uk to find out more and sig up.

The operation is targeting a different area of North Yorkshire each day.

Posted on 16 March 2017 at 03:27pm in News stories
