```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-11T16:33:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-08T07:03:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn of North Yorkshire Police has been awarded a Queen&#039;s Medal for Policing in this year&#039;s birthday honours.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Detective who investigates some of the region\u2019s most serious crimes is honoured by the Queen - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/detective-who-investigates-some-of-the-regions-most-serious-crimes-is-honoured-by-the-queen/
title: "Detective who investigates some of the region\u2019s most serious crimes is honoured by the Queen"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/detective-who-investigates-some-of-the-regions-most-serious-crimes-is-honoured-by-the-queen/
```

Last modified: 11 June 2019 at 05:33pm

A senior detective who has investigated some of the region’s most serious crimes has been awarded one of the highest honours in policing.

Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, 51, of North Yorkshire Police, is to receive a Queen’s Policing Medal (QPM) after almost 29 years of service. The QPM is given for gallantry or distinguished service as part of the Queen’s Birthday Honours.

Speaking about the award, North Yorkshire Police Chief Constable Lisa Winward said: “What sets Dai apart from others is his unstinting dedication to deliver justice for victims and protect communities from significant harm.

“He has provided sustained commitment throughout his career, often putting his personal life second to protect the public.”

Chief Constable Winward added: “Over his career he has demonstrated an exceptional ability to investigate, manage and lead. He is passionate about identifying, developing and mentoring the talent of the next generation of detective managers, and he has shown himself to be an inspirational role model.

“Due to the care, passion and ability he has demonstrated throughout his career, he has been selected to deal with the most complex and serious of crimes. These have included sexual exploitation, child neglect, stranger sexual attacks, kidnap, murder and terrorism offences. He is an exceptional Officer and we are proud to have him as part of our Force.”

Det Supt Malyn, who joined the police in 1990, has worked for the Metropolitan and West Yorkshire Police Forces as well as North Yorkshire Police.

His vast experience covers counter-terrorism investigations and high-profile criminal cases, including the manhunt and conviction of Mark Hobson, who was given a life sentence for a quadruple murder in York in 2005, and the ongoing investigation into the disappearance of York chef Claudia Lawrence.

In 2016 he became responsible for the implementation of a new collaborative police unit with Cleveland Police - the Major Investigation Team. The team investigates the most serious crimes committed in North Yorkshire and Cleveland, including murders, rapes, kidnappings and serious robberies.

Speaking about today's Honour, Det Supt Malyn said:

“This has been totally unexpected, and I was completely overwhelmed by the news. I am so pleased to accept the QPM on behalf of all the dignified and courageous families I have met in the most tragic circumstances. Also, the challenging work we do is only possible due to the amazingly talented people I have worked with in many teams and partner agencies throughout my service, and I would like to pay tribute to them."

Posted on 8 June 2019 at 08:03am in News stories
