```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T15:55:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-08T15:54:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage that occurred in Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses to criminal damage of a moped scooter - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-criminal-damage-moped-scooter/
title: Witnesses to criminal damage of a moped scooter
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-criminal-damage-moped-scooter/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 03:55pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of criminal damage that occurred in Selby.

It happened on Volta Street at approximately 1.30pm on 7 October 2015 and involved two males causing damage to a moped scooter by pushing it over. There were three males in total but only two have caused the damage.

Two of the males were dressed all in dark or black clothing while the third male was wearing a purple jumper. They were all riding cycles in the area just prior to this incident.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about a female with brown hair who may attend the local Selby college, she spoke with the complainant at the time and may have information about the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jack Waterton. You can also email Jack.waterton294@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-07102015-0265

**18 October 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: NYP-07102015-0265

Posted on 8 October 2015 at 03:54pm in News stories
