```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:44:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-09T13:43:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Since 2007, there have been several incidents of a man exposing himself to women using the footpaths in the Stray Rein and Tewit Well areas of the Stray.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police are appealing for information about a flasher who has committed numerous offences in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appealing-information-flasher-committed-numerous-offences-harrogate/
title: Police are appealing for information about a flasher who has committed numerous offences in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appealing-information-flasher-committed-numerous-offences-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:44pm

Since 2007, there have been several incidents of a man exposing himself to women using the footpaths in the Stray Rein and Tewit Well areas of the Stray.

These incidents usually happen in the winter months when it is dark, usually between 5pm and 9pm and when the weather is dry and cold.

It is suspected that he uses the two railway footbridges, the railway line and the surrounding undergrowth to get in and out of the area where he offends.

It is possible there is more than one offender as the descriptions vary, however the latest victims describe a white man, 6ft tall, medium build with a pronounced stomach and short dark hair, possibly greying. The offender is partially or fully naked when he exposes himself to victims.

Sergeant Lee Partridge of Harrogate Safer Neighbourhood Team, said:

"I have reason to believe that people have witnessed activity relating to these incidents, or know something about the flasher and have not reported it to the police.

"I am appealing to anyone who has seen anything suspicious in the area or knows something about these crimes, to please get in touch. It could be someone acting furtively on the Stray or just something out of the ordinary.

"I also believe that the two railway footbridges separating Tewit Well and Stray Rein are key to our investigations. The perpetrator is often last seen running towards this area and anyone who has seen suspicious activity on or near the bridges or the railway line is also urged to contact the police."

If anyone has any information please contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, press option 2 and ask for Sergeant Lee Partridge or emaillee.partridge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Tuesday 9 June.

Posted on 9 June 2015 at 01:43pm in News stories
