```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-20T16:15:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-20T15:54:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "His family have issued the following tribute:\_ &#8220;Simon was a much-loved son, brother and uncle. He overcame serious injuries to lead a happy life in Stamford Bridge. He loved his home and spent a lot of time in his garden which he was very proud of. &#8220;He enjoyed having a chat with people from the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Simon-Gill-169x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man named following fatal collision near Stamford Bridge - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-named-following-fatal-collision-near-stamford-bridge/
title: Man named following fatal collision near Stamford Bridge
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-named-following-fatal-collision-near-stamford-bridge/
```

Last modified: 20 October 2020 at 05:15pm

The man who died in a collision on the A166 near Stamford Bridge on Friday has been named as Simon David Gill, 45 of Stamford Bridge.

Simon Gill

**His family have issued the following tribute:**

> "Simon was a much-loved son, brother and uncle. He overcame serious injuries to lead a happy life in Stamford Bridge. He loved his home and spent a lot of time in his garden which he was very proud of.
> "He enjoyed having a chat with people from the village every morning and could often be found in the village cafes having coffee and cake.
> "We will miss him terribly."

Police have repeated their appeal for information and dash-cam footage following the collision.

It was reported at 7.14pm on Friday 16 October when Simon was involved in a collision with a grey Fiat 500.

Sadly Simon sustained fatal injuries in the collision and died at the scene.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw a man walking along the A166 between Stamford Bridge and Gate Helmsley, or saw a small grey car travelling along the A166 either prior to the collision or anyone who witnessed the collision, to come forward. Officers are also appealing to anyone with dash-cam footage.

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team or email julie.brown@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12200181961 when passing on information.

The road was closed are reopened at around 12.30am.

The driver of the car was physically uninjured.

Posted on 20 October 2020 at 04:54pm in News stories
