```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T15:39:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-24T15:36:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have confirmed that river searches for missing man Rory Johnson have been postponed for today (Tuesday 24 November.)
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update - Search for Rory Johnson postponed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-search-rory-johnson-postponed/
title: Update - Search for Rory Johnson postponed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-search-rory-johnson-postponed/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 03:39pm

North Yorkshire Police have confirmed that river searches for missing man Rory Johnson have been postponed for today (Tuesday 24 November.)

The Regional Underwater Search Team based at Humberside Police have made a safety assessment of the river this morning.

Due to adverse weather conditions and the current level of the river, it has been decided that the river is not safe enough for searches to resume today.

An assessment will be made again tomorrow morning by the Underwater Search Team, to determine whether it is safe for searches to go ahead.

Rory's family have been made aware and are being supported by specialist police officers.

The investigation is continuing today with officers following up enquiries and reviewing CCTV footage.

Police are appealing for anyone who recalls seeing Rory or someone matching his description in York on Thursday evening or Friday to contact them.

Rory is white, aged 29, 5ft 11in tall, slim build, with short blond hair. He was wearing a round-neck black top, blue jeans and white and navy trainers.

Anyone who can help is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 12150207141.

Posted on 24 November 2015 at 03:36pm in News stories
