```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-30T15:16:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A high-profile operation to effectively tackle crime and the fear of crime has been declared a success \u2013 with police now looking to bring it to other areas of York."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Success for smart operation in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-smart-operation-york/
title: Success for smart operation in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-smart-operation-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A high-profile operation to effectively tackle crime and the fear of crime has been declared a success – with police now looking to bring it to other areas of York.

Extra patrols and a high-visibility police presence in Clifton this week saw security messages delivered to hundreds of households, reassurance brought to local residents and even prompted helpful information from the community to help police tackle crime issues.

Dubbed Operation Tansu, officers used street-level data available to the public sector which measures fear of crime, to identify specific areas which would benefit from a focused operation. They also looked at annual trends in reported crime to determine the kinds of incidents where security advice would be most effective.

Supported by Police Support Volunteers, officers and PCSOs from the York North Neighbourhood Policing Team were based at the local community centre on Wednesday 28 September and the Mobile Police Office on Clifton Green the following day.

During the two-day operation, crime prevention messages were delivered to more than 700 Clifton households, and 50 items of property marked using dot peen security marking machine. More than 50 local people also signed up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging service.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York police, said: “This operation was very well received by the community in Clifton, and I’m grateful for the fantastic support and feedback from local residents.

“Using our analysis of crime statistics and other data, we were able to engage with the right people, in the right way, offering face-to-face advice and support where it was needed the most. We were also greatly supported by our colleagues from Trading Standards and North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, who were able to share their own expertise with residents.

“We will of course be following up the issues raised by the Clifton community, and we also now plan to roll the operation out to other areas of York, using sophisticated data analysis to identify other communities that would benefit from a similar approach.”

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free system that lets people register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news in their neighbourhoods. People can register or download the app via www.nycm.co.uk.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. Look out for drop-in property marking sessions on Facebook and Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

Posted on 30 September 2016 at 03:16pm in News stories
