```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-12T19:01:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-12T18:26:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information surrounding an attempted robbery in York yesterday, Monday 11 December 2017.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following an attempted robbery in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses following an attempted robbery in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery-york/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2017 at 07:01pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and information surrounding an attempted robbery in York yesterday, Monday 11 December 2017.

The incident happened at around 10.20am on a field next to St Oswald's Primary School on School Lane. The 35 year old male victim was approached by the suspect, who demanded the victim hand over his mobile phone. When the victim refused, the offender cut him on the arm and stomach with what is believed to be a small blade like a Stanley knife. The victim was taken to York District Hospital where he received treatment, but he is not in a serious condition.

The description of the offender is that he is a young boy of school age, 5ft 5in of slim build, wearing a black jacket with hood up, a snood and black tracksuit bottoms with white socks over the ankles.

At this time, police do not believe this incident is linked to the robbery on the cycle path yesterday evening.

Detective Inspector Alan Rowan from the York Serious Crime Team said:

“I want to reassure communities in York that at this moment in time police do not believe the two incidents are linked. We are not looking at a pattern of behaviour that the public need to be concerned about.

“We are conducting a number of enquiries surrounding the investigation into these incidents and as always, the safety of the public remains paramount.

“I encourage anyone who witnessed either of these incidents, or anyone who was in the area at the time, to contact North Yorkshire Police as a matter of priority. You might have vital information that could assist our investigation”.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101. Press option 1 and pass information to the force control room.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170221143 when passing on information about the incident.

Posted on 12 December 2017 at 06:26pm in News stories
