```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-19T12:07:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-19T12:06:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The award, which is decided by public vote, was presented to PC Brad Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the North Yorkshire Police Federation in respect to the support he provided to the family and colleagues of PC Mick \u2018Aky\u2019 Atkinson, following Mick\u2019s death in October 2018. Brad was a close friend of Mick\u2019s and had been [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Public-Choice-Award-winner-PC-Brad-Jackson-1024x730.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Celebrating success at this year&#039;s annual awards - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/celebrating-success-at-this-years-annual-awards/
title: Celebrating success at this year's annual awards
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/celebrating-success-at-this-years-annual-awards/
```

Last modified: 19 November 2019 at 12:07pm

The winner of this year’s North Yorkshire Police Public Choice Award, was announced at a glittering ceremony held at Sandburn Hall in Flaxton on Friday night (15 November 2019.)

https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Awards_2019_external_version_360p.mp4

The award, which is decided by public vote, was presented to PC Brad Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the North Yorkshire Police Federation in respect to the support he provided to the family and colleagues of PC Mick ‘Aky’ Atkinson, following Mick’s death in October 2018.

Brad was a close friend of Mick’s and had been supporting him in the months before his death. Following Mick’s death, colleagues gravitated to Brad for support, and he did not waver under the pressure. Even though Brad was himself grieving the loss of his close friend, he still provided compassionate support to both Mick’s family and colleagues – something recognised and gratefully received by Kellie, Mick’s partner.

Receiving the award from Chief Constable Lisa Winward, Brad said:

“I feel incredibly honoured to be chosen by the public to receive this award and I gratefully accept it in Mick’s honour and memory.

“Mick was a very dear and close friend of mine and the support I provided to his family and my colleagues was nothing more than a friend would do. However, I am very flattered and grateful to those who both nominated and voted for me – thank you.”

“Mental health is on the rise nationally within the police and emergency services. North Yorkshire Police Federation has been working closely with the force to put in place additional support for those who find themselves struggling. Historically, police officers have suffered in silence, not knowing where to turn when they need help. The Federation now provides bespoke help for officers and staff, we continually encourage the use of these services and reinforce the message that it's ok to not be ok.”

Brad wasn’t the only officer recognised for his exceptional service. Several officers and members of police staff were recognised for showing courage, compassion and inspiration in their roles. Two lifetime achievement awards were also presented, as well as the Glenn Goodman Award, which is awarded to an outstanding Special Constable.

The winners and their awards are listed below:

- The gold inspiration award went to Catterick-based PC Heather Campbell for the support and help she provided to the community in Reeth, when the village was hit with flash floods earlier this year

- TS Paul Cording was awarded a silver inspiration award for the valuable work he undertakes promoting road safety, particularly through the use of social media

- Inspector Lorraine Crossman-Smith was awarded a bronze inspiration award in recognition of the leadership and development she provides to her team based in Craven

- Northallerton PC Yvonne Coldbeck was awarded a gold compassion award for the work she undertakes as a family liaison officer, supporting families who are faced with tragedy

- The silver compassion award went to Malton-based PCSO Geoff Wynn for the part he played in saving a woman’s life, when she attempted to jump from a bridge

- PC Brad Jackson was awarded the bronze compassion award, in recognition of the support he provided to the family, friends and colleagues of PC Mick Atkinson

- The gold courage award was given to Scarborough PC Laura Kelly, who single-handedly detained a knife man, while ensuring the surrounding public were kept safe

- The Firearms Support Unit and the Operational Support Unit were awarded the silver courage award for their role in safeguarding a vulnerable young man who had set fire to the room he barricaded himself into

- The bronze courage award went to Harrogate-based Special Constable Tom Murray, who, while off duty, engaged with a woman who was armed with a knife

Win Almond was awarded the Police Staff Lifetime Achievement award in recognition of her 48-year service to the force. Win was a PC in Scarborough for 32 years, before retiring in 2002. She shortly returned as a member of police staff and has been running the front desk in Scarborough since. Her dedication, knowledge of policing and reliability have made her a valued member of the team. Her colleagues described her as ‘always willing to go the extra mile’ and ‘the epitome of public service.’

The Police Officer Lifetime Achievement award went to Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn. Dai is a much admired career detective who works tirelessly to provide justice to victims and protect communities. This award recognises his unstinting dedication, professionalism and incredible drive to succeed and his passion and focus on delivering justice for victims and their families.

The evening also saw the presentation of the Glenn Goodman Award, which recognises the outstanding contribution of a Special Constable. This year's recipient is Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery.

Nadine has been a Special in the Richmondshire area for over 10 years and regularly puts in over 30 hours of voluntary policing each month, as well as being student officer assessor and a police cadet leader. Through her role, she shows her passion for policing, shares her skills for the job and encourages others to get involved. Her colleagues described her as an 'exemplary officer' who 'typifies what it is to be a Special Constable, who makes a difference to so many people on so many levels, every day.'

The evening also gave the force the opportunity to celebrate the success of the officers and staff who were recently awarded with the National Black Police Association Award for Police Force of the Year in recognition of their work around positive action.

Commenting on the evening, Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“This event is one of my favourite nights of the year, as it gives us the opportunity to showcase and celebrate some of the extraordinary work carried out by our officers, staff and volunteers, which support our core values of courage, compassion and inspiration.

“Every day, members of the North Yorkshire Police family do remarkable things and go the extra mile to serve and protect the public. On behalf of the Chief Officer Team and all at North Yorkshire Police, I’d like to congratulate and thank those who have been recognised here tonight for their outstanding contribution and commitment to policing.”

Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner or North Yorkshire, Julia Mulligan said:

“These awards give us the opportunity to celebrate the very best of policing and to say a heartfelt thank you for all the excellent work that goes on within North Yorkshire Police, much of which is unseen by the public.

“I see on a daily basis how much effort officers and staff put into their roles and how deeply they care for the people of North Yorkshire and our communities.

“I’d like to offer my congratulations to all the finalists and winners and extend my thanks to everyone in the North Yorkshire Police family for everything you do.”

Posted on 19 November 2019 at 12:06pm in News stories
