```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-06T10:46:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-06T10:39:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at the Heworth Road/East Parade junction, York, at 7.55pm on Thursday 5 November 2020, and involved an unprovoked assault on a woman. An unknown male approached her and assaulted her after confronting her about her dog barking at fireworks. The female suffered slight injuries after being pushed to the ground and kicked. We [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following unprovoked assault on dog walker in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unprovoked-assault-on-dog-walker-in-york/
title: Appeal following unprovoked assault on dog walker in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unprovoked-assault-on-dog-walker-in-york/
```

Last modified: 6 November 2020 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an unprovoked assault that occurred on East Parade, York.

It happened at the Heworth Road/East Parade junction, York, at 7.55pm on Thursday 5 November 2020, and involved an unprovoked assault on a woman.

An unknown male approached her and assaulted her after confronting her about her dog barking at fireworks.

The female suffered slight injuries after being pushed to the ground and kicked.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the offender.

The suspect is described as male, approximately 30 to 40 years of age, around 5ft 9/10ins tall and of a medium build. The suspect was described as having dark shaggy hear in a bowl cut style. He was wearing a black snood with a distinctive purple skeleton jaw graphic on the front, and a dark leather jacket. He approached from the Melrosegate direction and left in the direction of the Walnut Tree Pub.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Harry Mallett. You can also email harry.mallett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200195117.

Contact details:
 Harry Mallett \- #998
harry.mallett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30998
Incident reference:
 12200195117
Posted on 6 November 2020 at 10:39am in Local appeals
