```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-12T12:41:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after an elderly man died in a road traffic collision near Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal collision near Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-collision-near-thirsk/
title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal collision near Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-collision-near-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police are appealing for witnesses after an elderly man died in a road traffic collision near Thirsk.

The man was pronounced dead at the scene after his blue Peugeot 306 collided with a blue Vauxhall Meriva on the A168 around half-a-mile north of Thornton le Street.

The Peugeot, which was travelling towards Northallerton, overtook a hay lorry before colliding with the Vauxhall which was heading in the opposite direction at around 9.35am on Monday 5 January 2015.

The driver of the Vauxhall, a woman from Northallerton, was airlifted to James Cook Hospital following the collision along with one of her sons, aged six. Her other son aged eight was taken to the same hospital by ambulance.

The extent of their injuries are unknown at this time.

The A168 is currently closed in both directions between Thornton Le Moor and Thirsk and Northallerton Golf Club.

Officers spoke to a number of witnesses at the scene of the collision, however anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken to the police is urged to come forward.

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Traffic Sergeant Clare Sawyer or Thirsk Roads Policing Group.

Please quote reference number NYP-05012015-0074 when passing information about this incident.

* * *

**Update 3pm Monday 5 January 2015:** The A168 was reopened at around 2pm following the fatal road traffic collision earlier today.

The two boys, aged six and eight, who were travelling in the Vauxhall Meriva suffered minor cuts and bruises in the collision. Their mother, aged 29, has sustained a suspected broken sternum. They are all due to stay at James Cook Hospital overnight for observations.

The man who died in the collision was aged 90 and from Ampleforth.

Officers are appealing to any witnesses to the collision to come forward.

Traffic Sergeant Clare Sawyer, of Thirsk Roads Policing Group, said: "I would like to thank the people who have already come forward with information, however if you witnessed the collision and haven't yet spoken to the police, please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Traffic Sergeant Clare Sawyer or Thirsk Roads Policing Group.

Please quote reference number NYP-05012015-0074 when passing information about this incident.

**5 January 2015**

* * *

**Update:** We can now release the name of the man who died in the collision on the A168 near Thornton le Street, Thirsk, on Monday 5 January 2015.

He has been named as James Charles Hanwell, aged 90, from Ampleforth near Thirsk.

An inquest was opened and adjourned into his death on Friday 9 January 2015.

**12 January 2015**

Posted on 12 January 2015 at 12:41pm in News stories
