```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-27T14:29:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-27T09:02:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police will provide\_evidence to the IICSA during the\_public hearing strand relating\_to the Roman Catholic Church. This will take place between 27 November and 15 December 2017. North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s particular involvement relates to Ampleforth College. The hearing will also hear evidence from other organisations, institutions, and victims of sexual abuse. The public hearings [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/independent-inquiry-child-sexual-abuse/
title: The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/independent-inquiry-child-sexual-abuse/
```

Last modified: 27 November 2017 at 02:29pm

The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA) is a public inquiry into how institutions and organisations in England and Wales have taken seriously their responsibility to protect children.

North Yorkshire Police will provide evidence to the IICSA during the public hearing strand relating to the Roman Catholic Church. This will take place between 27 November and 15 December 2017. North Yorkshire Police's particular involvement relates to Ampleforth College. The hearing will also hear evidence from other organisations, institutions, and victims of sexual abuse.

The public hearings are predicted to last until 2019 and the outcome of the inquiry will not be published for several years, however the public hearings will be broadcast live each day and a transcript published at the end of each day on the IICSA website.

North Yorkshire Police is aware of how reports of this nature affect victims and their families. If you are affected by the content of the hearings, you can seek help from a number of organisations, but importantly we want you to feel comfortable in reporting abuse to the police.

It does not matter when the abuse happened, whether it is happening now or if it happened many years ago. What is important is that you get the help and support you need, that wider safeguarding measures can be put in place and that any perpetrators are investigated and brought to justice. Your information may also help to protect other victims and help the police to build up a wider picture of someone’s offending.

Even if your abuser has died, you may still need help to come to terms with what has happened to you. Your information could also lead to a wider investigation and still help protect others.

Over the years, legislation has changed and the police have changed how they investigate child sexual abuse. There is more awareness and understanding of the devastating, life-changing affect it has on victims, and more support than ever before is available from specialist agencies.

We appreciate that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

Child sexual abuse and exploitation is a foremost priority for all police forces and all reports will be fully investigated. Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000
 * North Yorkshire's Supporting Victims unit can offer advice and support, call 01609 643100 (8am to 7pm, Monday to Friday) email: help@supportingvictims.org

You can also contact the IICSA direct as part of the Truth Project

Posted on 27 November 2017 at 09:02am in News stories
