```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-10T08:44:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: History was marked last night (10 December 2015) as 38 new Volunteer Police Cadets were officially welcomed to North Yorkshire Police at a passing out ceremony held at Askham Bryan College.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Hats off to our brand new Volunteer Police Cadets - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hats-off-brand-new-volunteer-police-cadets/
title: Hats off to our brand new Volunteer Police Cadets
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hats-off-brand-new-volunteer-police-cadets/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

History was marked last night (10 December 2015) as 38 new Volunteer Police Cadets were officially welcomed to North Yorkshire Police at a passing out ceremony held at Askham Bryan College.

North Yorkshire Police opened its first ever Volunteer Police Cadet Unit in September 2015, providing young people with an opportunity to help their local community, gain an insight into policing and learn valuable skills for life.

Over the past three months the cadets, who are all aged between 14 and 16 have been getting to know each other, learning about policing duties and basic law as well as taking part in physical activities and drills before taking their Cadet Oath in front of proud family and friends.

The cadet unit is run in partnership with Askham Bryan College and is a pilot scheme that will run for two years in the York area, with training nights taking place at the college on school term nights.

Now they are fully fledged police cadets, in addition to their weekly training nights, the cadets will contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

The ceremony was attended by Chief Constable Dave Jones, Julia Mulligan Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick, Superintendent Phil Cain York and Selby area Commander, Mike Maiden Chief Officer for Citizens in Policing, Richard Baldwin Head of Volunteering at North Yorkshire Police, The High Sheriff of North Yorkshire Nigel Forbes Adams, Liz Philip Executive Principal for Askham Bryan College and Ed Sherry and Kath Bromilow from the National Volunteer Police Cadets.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, said: "Tonight represents a memorable point in the history of North Yorkshire Police as we welcome our first ever Volunteer Police Cadets into our policing family.

"These young people can be very proud of the journey they have now embarked upon. They have all successfully completed their introductory training and will now start to perform volunteer work within their communities. They will be ambassadors for both the youth of North Yorkshire and for North Yorkshire Police. They can look forward to a great future with us and I look forward to following their progress."

Julia Mulligan Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: "Congratulations to all our newly-minted police cadets today. It is very good to see the first tranche of cadets graduate and join the volunteer policing family. Here in North Yorkshire, the programme has been set up to encourage a strong sense of community and personal responsibility. I am sure that everyone here will take on the challenge with relish and get a huge return for themselves, as well as giving back to local people. Many congratulations again, I wish everyone all the very best."

Liz Philip, Askham Bryan College Principal, added: "We are delighted to be hosting the new Volunteer Police Cadet unit for both our college students and for young people in our local community.

"The partnership between North Yorkshire Police and Askham Bryan College continues to grow in strength with our students volunteering more than 2,500 hours in cadet duties. The police cadet unit offers great opportunities for our students, as well as for young people outside the college, not only to support our community but also to enhance their future prospects."

11 December 2015

Posted on 10 December 2015 at 08:44am in News stories
