```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-29T14:11:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-29T14:05:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; Improving the quality of life in the community We have recently seen an increase in the number of anti-social behaviour reports which has had a detrimental impact on people who live and work here in our district. Our team has been busy working with our key partners and the community to reduce anti-social behaviour [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Steve-Breen.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Steve Breen: quarterly update on local policing in Ripon and the outer Harrogate area - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-steve-breen-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-ripon-and-the-outer-harrogate-area/
title: 'Inspector Steve Breen: quarterly update on local policing in Ripon and the outer Harrogate area'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-steve-breen-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-ripon-and-the-outer-harrogate-area/
```

Last modified: 29 April 2019 at 03:11pm

Steve is the Neighbourhood Police Inspector for Harrogate Rural NPT, which includes the City of Ripon, and the towns of Boroughbridge, Masham, Knaresborough and Pateley Bridge. As we head into summer, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area…

**Improving the quality of life in the community**

We have recently seen an increase in the number of anti-social behaviour reports which has had a detrimental impact on people who live and work here in our district. Our team has been busy working with our key partners and the community to reduce anti-social behaviour and the anti-social use of motor vehicles. We have been providing proactive responses to reports of anti-social behaviour in our neighbourhoods and are constantly reviewing our patrol strategy to address this. We are working hard with partners to address this and ensure the towns that we serve are a safe place to live and work.

**Reduce rural crime**

As with all rural locations, the outer Harrogate area suffers with beauty spot theft and theft of farming machinery and vehicles. Throughout this year we have been working with volunteers on the Rural Watches at Masham and Pateley Bridge to deter rural criminality. In addition we will continue to utilise all the available technology, crime prevention techniques and assistance from our Rural Taskforce to deter and detect crime. In addition to local officers our patrols are routinely bolstered by specialist officers from our Roads Policing, and Operations department.

**Road safety**

As with most other areas, road safety is something in which we will never stop trying to improve. We hold regular proactive road safety campaigns with the Highways Authority which include speed enforcement in hot spot locations.

**Alcohol, drugs and the night-time economy**

Our officers have continued to provide active support to our local Pub Watch Scheme running a ‘ban from one, banned from all’ policy for ASB, drugs and violence. We act on intelligence relating to drugs and alcohol to target offenders where we will execute search warrants. We also run regular proactive passive dog operations to detect and prosecute drug use in licensed premises.

**Reduce theft offences in Ripon**

We have seen an increase in thefts of purses and in Ripon city-centre. We continue to work with the local ‘shop watch’ scheme and Harrogate Borough Council to prevent and detect these offences. Our local policing team will continue to provide a visible presence in the city, challenging suspected offenders and offering advice to potential victims.

**Get in touch**

If you need to speak to someone from our team our opening hours and contact details are listed below:

 * Knaresborough Police Station

Castlegate, Knaresborough, North Yorkshire HG5 8AR | Telephone: 101, Option 1, 13267 | Opening hours: Mon-Fri — 9am - 12.30pm, Bank Holidays — closed

 * Pateley Bridge Community Office

King Street, Pateley Bridge, Harrogate, North Yorkshire HG3 5LE | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri — Appointment only

 * Ripon Police Station

North Yorkshire Police, Ripon Fire Station, Stonebridgegate, Ripon HG4 1LH | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13111 | Opening hours: Mon-Fri — Appointment only

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website northyorkshire.police.uk.

Posted on 29 April 2019 at 03:05pm in News stories
