```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-27T11:43:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Askham Richard near York on the night of Monday 26 January 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following aggravated burglary near York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-near-york/
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary near York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-near-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Askham Richard near York on the night of Monday 26 January 2015.

At around 7.50pm, three men wearing balaclavas and brandishing hammers and knives, broke into a house in the village and threatened the householders.

The offenders searched their home before leaving with jewellery, an amount of cash and the keys to their white, Mercedes E-Class convertible.

The suspects then left the scene in the Mercedes which was later found abandoned on Haggs Lane near the village of Colton.

Police are appealing to anyone who was in the village of Askham Richard on Monday night between 6.30pm and 8.30pm and saw any suspicious people, vehicles or activity, including the white Mercedes leaving the village, to contact them.

They are also appealing to anyone who was in the area of Askham Richard, Bilborough, the A64 and Colton, who saw a white Mercedes convertible, the occupants of the vehicle or saw anyone parking the vehicle or abandoning it and getting into another, to contact them.

Detective Inspector Alan Rowan of York CID, said: "This was a very frightening experience for the householders who were left shaken and distressed. Thankfully, they did not suffer any physically injuries during their ordeal.

"It is vital that we catch whoever is responsible and I urge anyone who was in the village on Monday evening to contact us with any information about the movements of unfamiliar vehicles or people, which they may not have thought anything of at the time. It could be important information which could help our investigation.

"We believe that the burglary was planned and the property was targeted by the suspects and that this was not an opportunist crime."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York CID. Or you can pass information via email to Yorkcid@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 1215004335 when passing on information.

Posted on 27 January 2015 at 11:43am in News stories
