```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-04T12:02:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-04T11:46:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Dutch Herder Police Dog Dutch has retired from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Dog Unit after nine years\u2019 service In 2015 he was commended for bravery for dealing with a man with a crossbow in York. He also helped to detain a man in a siege situation who\u2019d barricaded himself inside a property with what appeared to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/PD-Dutch_.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Hero police dog who went viral after being reunited with his handler retires from the force - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hero-police-dog-who-went-viral-after-being-reunited-with-his-handler-retires-from-the-force/
title: Hero police dog who went viral after being reunited with his handler retires from the force
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hero-police-dog-who-went-viral-after-being-reunited-with-his-handler-retires-from-the-force/
```

Last modified: 4 October 2019 at 01:02pm

 * Dutch Herder Police Dog Dutch has retired from North Yorkshire Police’s Dog Unit after nine years’ service
 * In 2015 he was commended for bravery for dealing with a man with a crossbow in York.
 * He also helped to detain a man in a siege situation who’d barricaded himself inside a property with what appeared to be handgun
 * He broke the internet twice when videos of him went viral around the world
 * Dutch is the longest serving General Purpose police dog for the force having served nine years operationally on the streets.

10 year-old PD Dutch has retired from North Yorkshire Police after nine years with the force.

A police dog who went viral after a heart-warming video of him being reunited with his handler was shared worldwide is retiring from North Yorkshire Police after nine years with the force.

PD Dutch melted hearts across the globe after a video of him jumping into the arms of his handler after two weeks apart was shared as far as America, New Zealand and South America.

In the video, the Dutch Herder rushes over to PC Marc Richardson after he returns from leave and jumps into his arms whilst police dog Bailey runs laps around the two of them.

In another viral video, Dutch launches himself through the open window of a ‘suspicious’ vehicle to detain a suspect as part of a training exercise.

But after turning 10 years-old earlier this year the decision has been made to retire Dutch from North Yorkshire Police’s Dog Section after a successful career spanning nine years.

Throughout his service, Dutch has tracked and detained hundreds of suspects, aided arrests and helped to bring missing and vulnerable people home. He has also gained recognition as the force’s longest-serving General Purpose dog.

On his retirement, Dutch’s handler of nine years PC Richardson said: “Dutch and I have worked together for nearly nine years, he has been my constant companion and I’m absolutely gutted he’ll no longer be by my side every day at work.

“He’s been the most brave, fearless and loyal partner - always ready to work at a moment’s notice and on numerous occasions has protected me from potentially serious injury at the hands of violent offenders. Out of work he’s the most chilled out, loving dog you would ever meet and a much-loved member of the family.

“He has also saved the lives of at least two people who, without being found by Dutch, would have succumbed to the elements or the effects of an overdose. Just last week he found an unconscious hypothermic missing person in dense undergrowth.

“He’s an incredible police dog, maybe the best that I will ever work with and I’m so proud of everything he’s done in his time at North Yorkshire Police.

Dutch has been with PC Richardson since he was just 18 months old and qualified as a General Purpose dog within weeks of his first birthday.

His first arrest as a police dog saw him detain a violent male who was throwing missiles at Police Officers from a flat window in Scarborough

Other notable jobs include him dealing with a man with a crossbow in York which he received an area commanders commendation for and detaining a man in a siege situation who’d barricaded himself inside a property with what appeared to be handgun.

During his career he has also been trained to work as a Firearms Support Dog, Police Support Unit Dog (PSU) and was trained to fly in helicopters.

Dutch will now enjoy his retirement at PC Richardson’s home along with new trainee General Purpose dog PD Thorn who starts with the force on 7 October.

You can follow the work of the North Yorkshire Police Dog Section on Twitter by searching @NYPDogSection and Dog Handler Marc Richardson on @dutchiek9

‘He ain't heavy…he's my brother’ - PD Dutch providing cover for his handler at an incident.

Where it all began. Handler PC Marc Richardson with his first police dog Kye circa 1984

Posted on 4 October 2019 at 12:46pm in News stories
