```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T16:02:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses to assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-assault-2/
title: Appeal for witnesses to assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-assault-2/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Skipton.

It happened outside Bar 25 on Newmarket Street, Skipton at around 9.30pm on Friday 23 September 2016. This involved a man being head-butted at the side of the premises by another man. The victim has then left with his friend and walked towards the High Street. A second man has then approached him whilst opposite Wetherspoons and allegedly punched him to the head, causing him to fall to the floor.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anybody who may have witnessed either incident, to get in touch.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Martin CARSON. You can also email Martin.Carson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160173834 .

15/10/16.

Contact details:
 Martin Carson \- #1831
Martin.Carson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160173834
Posted on 17 October 2016 at 04:02pm in Local appeals
