```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-23T17:12:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a theft at Ampleforth Abbey in Ryedale.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of purse at Ampleforth Abbey - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-purse-ampleforth-abbey/
title: Appeal following theft of purse at Ampleforth Abbey
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-purse-ampleforth-abbey/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a theft at Ampleforth Abbey in Ryedale.

The incident occurred around 6.30pm on Monday 10 October 2016 while the victim was attending choir practice. The victim left her purse in a handbag on one of the church pews for the duration of the session.

On checking it the next morning, it was discovered that the purse and its contents had been stolen.

Subsequent enquiries have identified a man who was in the Abbey at the time of the offence, who may be able to help with the investigation.

He is described as being white, about 5'8″ tall of medium build with brown curly hair covering the ears. He was wearing thick glasses and spoke with a slight American or Canadian accent. He had in his possession a push bike that had white & red mud guards as well as panniers on both front and rear tyres.

The man is believed to have been travelling around the country and could now possibly be in or around the London and the South East area.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email directly liam.cromack456@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160185749.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Date: 23rd November 2016

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack456@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160185749
Posted on 23 November 2016 at 05:12pm in Local appeals
