```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:07:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-07T14:06:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating a distraction burglary in the Selby area have issued an efit of the suspect.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/image001-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efit issued in Camblesforth distraction burglary investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-camblesforth-distraction-burglary-investigation/
title: Efit issued in Camblesforth distraction burglary investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-camblesforth-distraction-burglary-investigation/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:07pm

Police investigating a distraction burglary in the Selby area have issued an efit of the suspect.

The incident occurred at a house on Grange Road, Camblesforth, at around 3.45pm on Monday 29 February 2016.

The suspect arrived in a small white van and duped his way into the house after claiming he was a plain-clothes, undercover detective investigating rogue builders who had been operating in the area. He left the house with cash and drove off in the van in the direction of Brigg Lane.

The suspect pictured in the efit is described as white, aged between 30 and 35, about 5ft 6in tall with a stocky build. He has medium-length black hair which is combed in a wavy style. He was wearing smart black trousers, a white shirt unbuttoned at the collar, and grey trainers with orange flashes on them.

Police are continuing to support the victims, a couple aged in their 70s, and to appeal for witnesses and any information that could assist the investigation - particularly any sightings of the suspect or the small white van that he was travelling in.

If you recognise the man in the efit, or can help the investigation in any way, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for York Investigation Hub. Or email _investigationhubyork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_, quoting reference number 12160036259.

If you would prefer to remain anonymous, please pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 and quote reference number 12160036259.

**7 March 2016**

Posted on 7 March 2016 at 02:06pm in News stories
