```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-04T16:21:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-04T15:04:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "I\u2019m sure that many of us parents remember the \u2018Stranger Danger\u2019 lessons given to us in the \u201880s and \u201890s that focused on the physical world, but what can we do in the modern digital world? I remember Stranger Danger being very direct and quite impactful. I would even go as far as saying they [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/young-gamer-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Online Gaming blog - February 2021 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/online-gaming-blog-february-2021/
title: Online Gaming blog - February 2021
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/online-gaming-blog-february-2021/
```

Last modified: 4 February 2021 at 04:21pm

Who are your children talking to online? ‘In-Game Chat’ explained Digital PCSO Chris Simpson…

I’m sure that many of us parents remember the ‘Stranger Danger’ lessons given to us in the ‘80s and ‘90s that focused on the physical world, but what can we do in the modern digital world?

I remember Stranger Danger being very direct and quite impactful. I would even go as far as saying they could be quite scary as a child. However, are these lessons relevant for today’s digital age?

Rationally thinking, we know that not all interactions with strangers are dangerous - a lot of the time it’s quite the opposite.

So with that being said, what I’m aiming to do with this series of blogs is to educate and inform people on how to stay safe in the digital world in the hope of raising your awareness and giving you confidence when it comes to keeping your children safe online.

### **In-Game Chat**

As previously mentioned in my last blog, there is a possibility that the chat tools used to bring players together can be abused. That’s why it’s important to take an interest in any online game children play to identify risks.

In this month’s blog we’re going to look a little closer at ‘In-Game’ chat.

### **How does In-Game Chat take place?**

Every game is different, which means that there are different ways of talking in-game. There are a few common ways of talking though:

 * **Built-in open chat functions.** Using the game’s built-in chat functions, you can talk through voice (via a headset) or text (by typing on a keyboard) with other people in the game
 * **Quick chat functions.** A ‘quick chat’ function has set phrases, so you can send short automatic messages to a teammate or player. For example, sending ‘Nice shot!’ to a teammate who scores a good goal
 * **Platform messaging.** Some gaming platforms let you send voice or text messages to other players, just like a messaging app or social media. For example, PlayStation Network or Steam Friends & Chat. Players give this number to their friends and other players so they can add them to the game and chat with them
 * **‘Ping’ systems** **.** Some games use non–verbal communication to ‘talk’. A ‘ping’ is where you can alert other players to a useful item or hazard by ‘pointing’ at it and pressing a button
 * **Chat or messaging apps.** Players can also use external apps like Discord, Twitch or WhatsApp to talk to each other during the game. This chat can be voice, video or text. Some apps can even be set-up to look like they are part of the game (called in-game overlay).

Players can also talk to each other outside of the game. This might be on social media apps, through the platform messaging or in other online forums and chat rooms.

### **What are the risks of In-Game Chat?**

 * **Chatting with people they don’t know**. Gaming is different to social networks, as players often play against people they don’t know. This may include adults
 * **Inappropriate or unmoderated chat**. While many in-game chat functions are monitored, and players look after each other, chat is live. In some games swearing and insults are common, especially when a player hasn’t performed very well. Mean comments or insults can hurt, and competitive criticism might feel like bullying for some children
 * **Requests to chat in private**. Some people online genuinely just want to chat about gaming. But once they move to private chat, your child could be exposed to greater risks. They might share personal information or feel pressured to do something that they don’t want to do. If the chat is happening on a different chat or messaging app, then it will no longer be monitored by the game developer’s moderation tools or community team
 * **Offering gifts or trades.** Some people may offer to trade – or give – your child in-game items or currencies to earn their trust and persuade them to have a separate conversation outside of the game. Remember, once they’re out of the game and into a private space, then it will no longer be monitored by the game
 * **Influences from other game users –** With cybercrime in mind, a large proportion of individuals who become involved in Computer Misuse Act offences have neurodiversity tendencies. This can mean that they can be easily influenced by others. They may be influenced (knowingly or unknowingly) to commit Computer Misuse Act offences on another person’s behalf

### **Trending this month – February 2021**

**Safer Internet Day 2021**

Safer Internet Day is on 9 February 2021 and will be celebrated in the UK with the theme:

**_“An internet we trust: exploring reliability in the online world”._**

The internet has an amazing range of information and opportunities online, but how do we separate fact from fiction?

To support this year’s event, North Yorkshire Police is holding a live ‘Ask the experts’ event on MS Teams. Unfortunately, it is now fully booked but we will certainly be hosting more events in the future.

You can follow the coverage of Safer Internet Day 2021 using hashtags **#SaferInternetDay #AnInternetWeTrust.**

That’s all for now folks, I’ll see you in next month’s blog…I may even have some news on an exciting Esports project I’m working on!

Posted on 4 February 2021 at 03:04pm in News stories
