```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-12T10:16:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have launched a poster campaign raising awareness of the dangers of illegal wildlife poisoning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Illegal_poisoning_wildlife_poster-212x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police poster campaign highlights dangers of illegal wildlife poisoning - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-poster-campaign-highlights-dangers-illegal-wildlife-poisoning/
title: Police poster campaign highlights dangers of illegal wildlife poisoning
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-poster-campaign-highlights-dangers-illegal-wildlife-poisoning/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

North Yorkshire Police have launched a poster campaign raising awareness of the dangers of illegal wildlife poisoning.

Officers are warning that not only is the practice cruel and illegal, it also poses a serious health risk for members of the public and their pets.

In the ten years between 2004 and 2013, there were 70 incidents of bird of prey persecution in North Yorkshire, including the illegal poisoning of 14 Red kites, six Buzzards, one Goshawk and one Peregrine. In many cases, animal carcases laced with poison were involved.

Now, dozens of hard-hitting posters warning about the risks of animal poisoning will be distributed in rural areas including the Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors, and displayed in National Park Centres, parish council notice boards and other key public places.

Sergeant Stuart Grainger, of Leyburn Police, said: "Animal carcasses laced with poison are sometimes deliberately used to kill other wildlife, particularly birds of prey. This practice is cruel and illegal, and such poisoned bait is also a serious risk to the health of members of the public and their children or pets if they come into contact with them.

"If you find a mammal or bird that you believe has been poisoned, please do not touch it, as poisons can transfer through contact with skin. Please also keep your children and pets well away. Instead, make a note of the location, and anything else that is around or near the animal, and contact North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101, or the Wildlife Incident Investigation Scheme on 0800 321 600."

Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority Chief Executive, David Butterworth, said: "The extent of illegal persecution against birds of prey is extremely worrying. The Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority would advise that anyone visiting the Dales who comes across any suspected poisoning incident to contact the police immediately."

North Yorkshire Police has a number of specialist Wildlife Crime Officers, and a comprehensive wildlife crime website atwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/wildlifecrime. Earlier this year, the force supported World Wildlife Day on 3 March, highlighting our ongoing commitment to tackling wildlife crime.

**12 May 2015**

Posted on 12 May 2015 at 10:16am in News stories
