```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:25:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-21T14:25:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Filey.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Attempted burglary - Charlotte Cafe, Filey - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-burglary-charlotte-cafe-filey/
title: Attempted burglary - Charlotte Cafe, Filey
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-burglary-charlotte-cafe-filey/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:25pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Filey.

It happened at The Charlotte Cafe, Belle Vue Street, Filey at 05.20Hrs on 11 September 2015 and involved a male trying to break into the cafe by smashing a window and trying to force several doors. He was unsuccessful in getting into the building but did cause damage in his attempt. The same male also tried to force the front door to the Belle Vue Public House, which is opposite the Charlotte Cafe, but again he was unsuccessful.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

The suspect is described as a white male aged in his late twenties, around 6'0″ in height and of a slim build. At the time of the offence he was wearing a dark shirt, dark trousers and shoes. He was last seen running from Belle Vue Street into South Crescent Road.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Tom Eaglestone. You can also email thomas.eaglestone@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150160145.

**21 September 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150160145

Posted on 21 September 2015 at 02:25pm in News stories
