```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-29T19:34:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-29T19:15:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The collision occurred shortly before 7.20am on Tuesday 26 January 2021, involving a Volvo bus and a black Audi A1 car. The driver of the car, Saskia Bets, 27, was taken to hospital, but sadly died later that evening. Saskia\u2019s partner Sam Read has paid tribute to her on behalf of her family. He wrote: [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/Saskia-Bets-196x300.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tributes paid to woman who died in A19 collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-collision-on-a19/
title: Tributes paid to woman who died in A19 collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-collision-on-a19/
```

Last modified: 29 January 2021 at 07:34pm

The family of a woman who died in a collision on the A19 near Tollerton have paid tribute to someone who was “kindness in its purest form, radiating beauty inside and out”.

The collision occurred shortly before 7.20am on Tuesday 26 January 2021, involving a Volvo bus and a black Audi A1 car.

The driver of the car, Saskia Bets, 27, was taken to hospital, but sadly died later that evening.

Saskia’s partner Sam Read has paid tribute to her on behalf of her family. He wrote: “Not only was Saskia my partner, but my best friend, my past, present and future in every possible way. She was kindness in its purist form, and radiated a beauty inside and out that will never be forgotten to those privileged enough to have met her, for even the briefest of moments.

“I felt like the luckiest person in the world to even know Saskia's name, so to fall in love, share her life and have dreams together is indescribable and something I will treasure for the rest of my life. Saskia's compassion, intelligence and vibrance gave her a quiet strength and confidence that made everybody's life brighter.

“We must continue to be the better people Saskia made us, to make her proud and to aspire to be like her, no matter how impossible that may be. She was and still is, in my eyes, the best of all of us. No amount of words will do justice to how much I love Saskia, and no amount will describe how much I will miss her.

“We thank everyone for their such kind words, and wish that everyone continue sharing their memories of her as it brings us so much comfort.”

Police enquiries into the collision are continuing.

The driver of the bus was taken to hospital with minor injuries. He was released the same day and is assisting with the investigation.

Officers had earlier appealed to speak to a cyclist who was in the area at the time of the collision. The cyclist has since made contact with police and is helping the investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or has dashcam footage of either vehicle involved, is asked to contact PC Nicola Peters at North Yorkshire Police, by emailing nicola.peters@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote reference number 12210042468.

Posted on 29 January 2021 at 07:15pm in News stories
