```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-20T11:25:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Six people have been arrested in connection with thefts from motor vehicles across Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Proactive police response following Selby vehicle break-ins - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-police-response-following-selby-vehicle-break-ins/
title: Proactive police response following Selby vehicle break-ins
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-police-response-following-selby-vehicle-break-ins/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Six people have been arrested in connection with thefts from motor vehicles across Selby.

Police in the district have increased patrols in affected areas, and are urging residents to remain vigilant.

Since 1 May 2017, there have been 43 reports of thefts from motor vehicles in the town of Selby. Villages including Hemingbrough, Cliffe, North Duffield and Barlby have also seen an increase in incidents.

Items stolen include wallets, handbags and purses.

Sergeant Jackie Booth, of Selby Police, said: “Our Neighbourhood Policing Teams have been conducting extra patrols in the targeted areas, with support from colleagues from our Roads Policing Group and Rural Taskforce. Updates have been sent out via North Yorkshire Community Messaging and social media to provide crime prevention advice and keep residents fully updated about the incidents and arrests.

“Engagement has also been undertaken with the owners of public carparks, and signs have been put up advising people to be vigilant and ensure valuable items are not left on display.

“Some of the incidents have taken place in the railway station carpark, and we are working closely with colleagues in British Transport Police to progress those investigations. We have also liaised neighbouring forces, particularly regarding incidents in rural villages bordering the Humberside and West Yorkshire areas.”

Owners are being advised to always leave vehicles locked and alarmed if possible, and consider fitting a tracking device. They should be parked in a garage or secure area, or in a well-lit open space. Keys should never be left in the ignition, in the same place where the vehicle is kept, or near the front door of your home. In particular, be wary of anyone taking an interest in your vehicle, or behaving suspiciously near parked vehicles.

A total of six people, all from the Selby area, have been arrested to date in connection with the incidents. One has been charged with five offences of theft from motor vehicle; another has been released under investigation; and four have been released on bail as enquiries continue.

Anyone with information about any of the incidents is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 20 June 2017 at 12:25pm in News stories
