```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-14T12:53:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-14T12:47:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are patrolling around the clock across North Yorkshire and are on the lookout for drivers who are under the influence. Motorists on rural roads as well as residential areas and main roads are being checked as part of the operation, which began on December 1. Since the start of the month, 55 have been [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Driver arrested twice in a week in drink and drug driving operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-arrested-twice-in-a-week-in-drink-and-drug-driving-operation/
title: Driver arrested twice in a week in drink and drug driving operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-arrested-twice-in-a-week-in-drink-and-drug-driving-operation/
```

Last modified: 14 December 2020 at 12:53pm

More than 50 motorists have been arrested so far during North Yorkshire's Christmas drink and drug driving campaign - including one man who was arrested twice in the same week.

Police are patrolling around the clock across North Yorkshire and are on the lookout for drivers who are under the influence.

Motorists on rural roads as well as residential areas and main roads are being checked as part of the operation, which began on December 1.

Since the start of the month, 55 have been arrested on suspicion of driving while over the limit. Eight happened after collisions.

One man in his 20s from Scarborough has been arrested twice - once on 8 December and again this morning- on suspicion of drug driving. He's been released under investigation while enquiries including blood tests are completed.

Police warn many more are likely to be arrested before the campaign finishes at the end of the month, and are warning motorists: 'Don't make 2020 even worse by drink driving".

Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said: "Anyone who's convicted of drink driving faces at least a 12-month driving ban, which would mean losing your licence for the whole of 2021, possibly longer.

"They also get large fines, a criminal record and can even go to jail in some circumstances.

"Worse still, they stand a far greater chance of fatally injuring an innocent person. The risk is real, it happens here in North Yorkshire and it's utterly devastating for the families who are left behind.

"So our message this year is simple - 2020's been a terrible year. Don't make it even worse by drink driving.

"There's a good chance you will be caught, and if you are over the limit you will be prosecuted - there are no second chances."

Posted on 14 December 2020 at 12:47pm in News stories
