```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-21T12:37:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have had a good response from members of the public to an investigation into several day-time burglaries in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Crime prevention advice after positive public response to Harrogate burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-prevention-advice-positive-public-response-harrogate-burglaries/
title: Crime prevention advice after positive public response to Harrogate burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-prevention-advice-positive-public-response-harrogate-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police have had a good response from members of the public to an investigation into several day-time burglaries in Harrogate.

Earlier this week, North Yorkshire Police appealed for information after four burglaries were committed at locations across Harrogate. They took place on Birstwith Road, Derwent Road, Coppice Avenue and Forest Lane, between midday and 5pm on Friday 16 June 2017. Homes and garages were entered and thousands of pounds worth of property was stolen.

DC Quita Passmore, from the Harrogate Investigation Hub, said: "Enquiries continue to establish if these offences are linked and to identify the perpetrators. We would like to take this opportunity to thank members of the public for information that has already been passed to us.

"We are still trying to trace a black Audi estate car with tinted windows that was seen in the area during Friday 16 June. We are also appealing for witnesses, or anyone who recalls any suspicious activity in the Harrogate area last Friday, to come forward. If you can help, please get in touch as soon as possible."

Sergeant Ben Ralston, of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team, added: "I would like to take this opportunity to remind residents to remain vigilant, and keep doors and windows locked during the daytime. For more security tips please visit the home security advice on the North Yorkshire Police website at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

"In addition, Neighbourhood Watch schemes can bring neighbours together to create strong, friendly, active communities which can help prevent and detect crime. If you are interested in joining your local Watch, or creating a new one, please visit www.ourwatch.org.uk or contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team."

If you can assist the burglary investigations, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Investigation Hub Harrogate or Quita Passmore. Or email quita.passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. Please quote reference number 12170105062 when providing details about the incidents.

Posted on 21 June 2017 at 01:37pm in News stories
