```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-18T11:54:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-18T11:50:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to a collision that occurred on the A66. It happened at around 9.35am on the morning of Wednesday 6 January 2021, westbound on a dual carriageway section of the road just after Scotch Corner. The collision involved a silver Citroen and a yellow HGV with trailer. The collision resulted in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after man dies following crash on A66 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a66-crash/
title: Appeal after man dies following crash on A66
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a66-crash/
```

Last modified: 18 January 2021 at 11:54am

Police are appealing for witnesses to a collision that occurred on the A66.

It happened at around 9.35am on the morning of Wednesday 6 January 2021, westbound on a dual carriageway section of the road just after Scotch Corner.

The collision involved a silver Citroen and a yellow HGV with trailer. The collision resulted in road closers to allow police to investigate.

The driver of the Citroen, a man in his 50s, sustained serious injuries and was taken to James Cook Hospital, where sadly he later died.

Police are appealing for witnesses and anyone with dash camera footage of the incident to come forward.

Detective Sergeant Kirsten Aldridge of North Yorkshire Police Major Collision Investigation Team said: "We know that the weather that day was extremely wintery and we are hoping that anyone who saw or believes that they have captured the collision on their dash camera or the vehicles immediately prior to the collision will come forward and assist the investigation."

Anyone who has any information can contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. Please select option 1 and quote reference 12210006823. You can also contact the officer in case, Traffic Constable Emma Drummond from the Major Collision Investigation Team, on emma.drummond@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Posted on 18 January 2021 at 11:50am in News stories
