```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:23:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-30T14:03:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Large containers on a building site were broken into and numerous tools stolen from within them. It happened at Staynor Hall Housing development site on Cedar Road leading to Bracken Way between 3pm on Friday, 24 November 2017 and 7am on Monday 27 November 2017. We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public\u2019s assistance [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tools stolen in commercial burglary in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tools-stolen-commercial-burglary-selby/
title: Tools stolen in commercial burglary in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tools-stolen-commercial-burglary-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:23am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a commercial burglary that occurred in Selby.

Large containers on a building site were broken into and numerous tools stolen from within them.

It happened at Staynor Hall Housing development site on Cedar Road leading to Bracken Way between 3pm on Friday, 24 November 2017 and 7am on Monday 27 November 2017.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for any information and sightings of any large vehicles or plant vehicles that have been seen in the area between those times near to or accessing the building site.

We ask any local residents who may have private CCTV in the area to check this and report any sightings of vehicles or suspicious activity to police.

We are also asking people to be vigilant if they are offered any tools for sale as these items may be stolen.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Heidi McLoughlin. You can also email heidi.mcloughlin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170212591.

Contact details:
 Heidi McLoughlin \- #0494
heidi.mcloughlin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext 30494
Incident reference:
 12170212591
Posted on 30 November 2017 at 02:03pm in Local appeals
