```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-27T09:51:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-27T09:47:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "As the nights draw in, North Yorkshire Police is launching enforcement patrols across the city to encourage cyclists to \u201Cswitch on\u201D to road safety. They will issue Traffic Offence Reports, which carry a \xA350 penalty, to those riding on pedestrian-only pavements or not using lights when it\u2019s dark. York Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Lee Pointon said: [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Bike-night-300x240.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "York cyclists urged to \u201Cswitch on to road safety\u201D as nights get longer \_\_ - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cyclists-lights/
title: "York cyclists urged to \u201Cswitch on to road safety\u201D as nights get longer"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cyclists-lights/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2018 at 10:51am

Cyclists in York are being warned they will be fined if they fail to use bike lights.

As the nights draw in, North Yorkshire Police is launching enforcement patrols across the city to encourage cyclists to “switch on” to road safety.

They will issue Traffic Offence Reports, which carry a £50 penalty, to those riding on pedestrian-only pavements or not using lights when it’s dark.

York Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Lee Pointon said: “As a major cycling city, it’s important that we make sure cyclists in York are safe and legal.

“Cyclists are vulnerable road users. But they also have a responsibility to ride legally and ensure they are seen. So if you ride a bike you must make sure you’re switched on when it comes to road safety.

“The cost of a set of lights is significantly less than the cost of a fine.

“And sometimes the cost is more than just financial – our officers have to knock on doors after cyclists are badly hurt or killed and break that devastating news to their families.

“If you saw what we see, you’d know it’s not worth risking it - you’d ride safely and be seen.”

Cyclists should take the following steps to stay safe:

 * Always use an approved set of front and rear bike lights. You can be fined if you don’t.
 * Switch them on from twilight – as soon as the light starts to drop
 * Check them regularly to see if you need to change the batteries or recharge them
 * Always use designated cycle paths or roads. Keep off pedestrian-only paths or face a fine
 * Wear highly-visible clothing, preferably light-reflective gear
 * Remember that even when you’re well lit you’re less visible at night than during the day, so always pay attention to your surroundings

The patrols will start on Monday and will run throughout autumn and winter.

Posted on 27 September 2018 at 10:47am in News stories
