```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-28T08:48:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-14T20:16:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The multi-agency fly tipping taskforce was set up in June this year to tackle illegal waste carriers, very often the root source of fly tipping in rural areas and which causes pollution and cost for landowners, local authorities &#8211; and the environment. On Thursday 13 September 2018, officers from Selby and Craven District Councils, Scarborough [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/DnC0B2sWsAAzDZM-1024x882.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: First stop and search operation to deter fly-tipping - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-stop-and-search-operation-to-deter-fly-tipping/
title: First stop and search operation to deter fly-tipping
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-stop-and-search-operation-to-deter-fly-tipping/
```

Last modified: 28 September 2020 at 09:48am

The first stop and search exercise across North Yorkshire as part of Operation Eyeball, has actively identified and prevented potential waste offences.

The multi-agency fly tipping taskforce was set up in June this year to tackle illegal waste carriers, very often the root source of fly tipping in rural areas and which causes pollution and cost for landowners, local authorities - and the environment.

On Thursday 13 September 2018, officers from Selby and Craven District Councils, Scarborough Borough Council and City of York Council took part in roadside checks of suspect vehicles to ensure that waste was being carried lawfully and that correct documentation was being kept.

In York, neighbourhood enforcement officers from the council worked alongside North Yorkshire Police with stop and searches in the north of the city, as well as in patrol cars pulling over vehicles carrying waste.

During the day, the officers in York stopped and checked 23 vehicles to see if they were carrying waste and were licensed to do so. Of those, 17 notices were served for evidence to be provided showing licenses to carry waste or waste disposal information. Further investigation will start on a number of other possible waste carriage offences.

In Selby, enforcement officers from the council worked alongside North Yorkshire Police patrolling a number of areas including Kirk Smeaton and Hensall, which are particular fly tipping hotspots, as well as in patrol cars pulling over vehicles carrying waste. During the day, a number of vehicles were stopped and checked for waste and one vehicle was seized under powers available to North Yorkshire Police.

This is part of ongoing work by North Yorkshire Police with landowners and local authorities to share intelligence and information to tackle the crime. A key element will be planned and targeted enforcement action days, the first of which has just taken place. Unlicensed waste businesses which offer collection and disposal services online, are often the root cause of fly-tipping, as some will then dump waste in order to increase their profit.

While rural areas are often targeted by fly-tippers, many instances are not reported to local authorities. A key part of this campaign is to work more closely with landowners to target fly-tipping hot-spots so officers can advise on improving land security and carry out regular patrols.

Cllr Helen Douglas, executive member for housing and safer neighbourhoods at City of York Council, said: “We know that reporting fly-tipping helps prevent it. In York we investigate all reports and prosecute perpetrators and, through Operation Eyeball, we share evidence which has a still greater impact on preventing fly tipping.

“I welcome this day of action which sends out a clear message that we will take action against those who dispose of waste illegally.”

Cllr Andrew Waller, deputy leader and executive member for environment at City of York Council, said: “Fly tipping is illegal, and damages the environment. Clearing up afterwards costs local authorities funding that could be used to provide other services, and therefore this clear demonstration of joined-up work with the police shows that steps are being taken to tackle this at source.”

Cllr Chris Pearson, Selby District Council Executive member and lead councillor with responsibility for housing, health and culture, said, “In Selby we investigate all reports of fly tipping and prosecute perpetrators and, through Operation Eyeball, we can share our evidence and information.

“I welcome this day of action which sends out a clear message that we will take action against those who dispose of waste illegally.”

Superintendent Paula Booth, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "This operation shows that the selfish crime of fly-tipping will not be tolerated in our communities. There will be no let-up in our efforts, and we will continue to work closely with landowners and local authorities, sharing intelligence and information, to tackle this issue head-on.

"Members of the public are a vital part of this campaign, acting as our 'eyes and ears'. If you find or witness fly-tipping, wherever it is, record as many details about the incident and the waste as you can, and report it to your local authority or via the gov.uk website. If a crime is in progress, contact the police. Your information will help the authorities take action against those responsible and stop them fly-tipping in the future."

Report fly-tipping or illegal waste dumping

Posted on 14 September 2018 at 09:16pm in News stories
