```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-27T22:04:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-27T13:13:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Thursday 31 August 2017 on the A170 between Thirsk and Helmsley approximately 360 metres after the turn-offs to Wass and Ampleforth. The motorcyclist, who can now be named as Carl Andrew Fowell, 51, from Middlesbrough, was riding his black and red Honda CBR 600 RR towards Helmsley when it left the road [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fresh appeal after death of Middlesbrough motorcyclist - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fresh-appeal-death-middlesbrough-motorcyclist/
title: Fresh appeal after death of Middlesbrough motorcyclist
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fresh-appeal-death-middlesbrough-motorcyclist/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2017 at 11:04pm

Police investigating a fatal motorcycle collision near Helmsley have issued a fresh appeal for information.

It happened on Thursday 31 August 2017 on the A170 between Thirsk and Helmsley approximately 360 metres after the turn-offs to Wass and Ampleforth.

The motorcyclist, who can now be named as Carl Andrew Fowell, 51, from Middlesbrough, was riding his black and red Honda CBR 600 RR towards Helmsley when it left the road and collided with a telegraph pole.

A motorist found Mr Fowell at the side of the road just before 2pm, but he was sadly pronounced dead by ambulance staff a short time later.

To date, no witnesses have come forward and officers are unable to confirm the exact time of the incident but believe it happened between 11am and 2pm.

To assist their investigation, officers are appealing to anyone who was travelling along the road that morning or afternoon, in particular anyone with dash-cam footage, to come forward.

Inspector Dave Barf, of North Yorkshire Police’s Roads Policing Group, said: “So far no witnesses have come forward and we are unable to confirm the time of this tragic collision. Witnesses could be key to helping us find out when and what happened.

“The road is a popular route and given it was the end of the school summer holidays, was busy with traffic. We are therefore appealing for anyone who witnessed a black and red motorcycle on that road 11am and 2pm to please come forward. Any information, no matter how irrelevant you may feel it to be, could be vitally important to the enquiry.”

Anyone with any such information should contact the Major Collision Investigation Team on 101 or MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 27 September 2017 at 02:13pm in News stories
