```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T09:21:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-22T09:10:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A bogus doorstep caller has been forced to pay compensation to his victims thanks to the help of the public.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police thank the public for help in bringing fraudster to justice - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-thank-public-help-bringing-fraudster-justice/
title: Police thank the public for help in bringing fraudster to justice
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-thank-public-help-bringing-fraudster-justice/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 09:21am

A bogus doorstep caller has been forced to pay compensation to his victims thanks to the help of the public.

amuel Pentland, 23 from Selby, appeared at York Crown Court on Wednesday 20 May 2015.

He pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and was sentenced to six months imprisonment suspended for two years, with the following conditions; 150 hours of unpaid work, to repay the money to his victims, and a restraining order that prevents him from being within 100 meters of his most vulnerable victim, or contacting them by any means, including through a third party. The total amount Pentland has been ordered to pay back to his victims is £195.

Pentland targeted his vulnerable victims, a 75 and a 49 year old man and a 71 year old woman with disabilities, all from Selby, during July and August 2014.

He cold called them at their homes and offered to do some maintenance work for cash. He took the cash but did not carry out the maintenance work.

In August 2014 the police appealed for information about these incidents and about the man who was doorstep calling vulnerable people.

PC Nicola Gill said:

"We had a fantastic response to this appeal from members of the public. I would like to thank everyone who got in touch and helped us with our enquiries which led to the arrest of Samuel Pentland.

Pentland is a cruel and dishonest man who has been brought to justice, and the public of Selby helped us to do that.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to remind people to be vigilant against cold callers. You should always check the identity of anyone who calls at your door if you do not know them. Legitimate tradespeople will wear identification badges and will not ask for cash in advance of doing any work.

"Visit the North Yorkshire Police websitehttp://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/boguscallers for more information and advice."

Friday 22 May 2015.

Posted on 22 May 2015 at 09:10am in News stories
