```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T14:25:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-13T14:25:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are investigating a suspicious collision in Harrogate which left a man hospitalised.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Investigation launched after pedestrian allegedly knocked down by car in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-launched-pedestrian-allegedly-knocked-car-harrogate/
title: Investigation launched after pedestrian allegedly knocked down by car in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-launched-pedestrian-allegedly-knocked-car-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 02:25pm

Police are investigating a suspicious collision in Harrogate which left a man hospitalised.

The incident occurred on a grassed area near a residential car park on Fairfax Avenue at around 7pm on Sunday (12 July 2015).

The 38-year-old local victim, who was on foot at the time, was reportedly hit by a silver saloon car which failed to stop at the scene.

He was taken by ambulance to Harrogate District Hospital where he received treatment overnight for broken ribs and bruising to his body.

A police operation was launched to investigate the collision and trace the vehicle, the driver and any passengers.

At 7.35pm while a team of officers were carrying out house-to-house enquiries, a group of youths were moved on who were seen throwing stones towards the police. No officers were injured and no damage was caused to the vehicles.

A silver Ford Mondeo was located in the Kenyon Road area of the town at 8.15pm. It was recovered by the police to assist the investigation.

Efforts remain ongoing to find the occupants of the car involved in the incident.

Detective Constable Richard Jones, of the Harrogate Serious Crime Team, said: "We are appealing for witnesses to the collision to come forward or anyone who has information that could assist the investigation into this serious incident.

"In particular, we need to know about any sighting of a silver saloon car, possibly a Ford Mondeo, in the area at around 7pm on Sunday.

"If anyone knows who was in the car when the collision occurred, please get in touch as soon as possible. We will treat your information with the strictest confidence. Alternatively, pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously."

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Harrogate Serious Crime Team.

Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 quoting reference number 12150118820.

**13 July 2015 - 1.20pm**

Posted on 13 July 2015 at 02:25pm in News stories
