```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T08:26:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-03T08:25:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A new partnership is launching its first campaign to clamp down on the anti-social behaviour of a minority which can blight the majority&#039;s enjoyment of the beautiful City of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&#039;Had enough? So have we!&#039; campaign launched in York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/enough-campaign-launched-york/
title: '''Had enough? So have we!'' campaign launched in York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/enough-campaign-launched-york/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 08:26am

A new partnership is launching its first campaign to clamp down on the anti-social behaviour of a minority which can blight the majority's enjoyment of the beautiful City of York.

City of York Council, North Yorkshire Police and British Transport Police have welcomed the involvement of train operating companies, York Racecourse and city centre licensed premises, as well as Make It York and the proposed York Bid.

The campaign complements other initiatives used to quell anti-social behaviour on race and match days and the positive effect of the Alcohol Restriction Zone (ARZ) which extends within the city walls, along Micklegate and the area around the station.

There will be a heightened presence of officers from British Transport and North Yorkshire Police - including special constables - and Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers from the multi-agency Community Safety Hub. Every Saturday throughout September, starting on 5 September, these officers will remind people travelling by train to the city, arriving at York station and those out and about in the city centre, to respect the city they are visiting and enjoy themselves responsibly. They will be doing this alongside any necessary enforcement action on trains, at the station and throughout the ARZ.

**Councillor David Carr, Executive Member for Housing and Safer Neighbourhoods at City of York Council** , said: "We always have and always will welcome everyone who wants to enjoy our city responsibly and behave appropriately to their surroundings. But we have had enough of the small minority who do not. They will find that a new and heightened level of action by a partnership of enforcement agencies will be taken against them. If they abuse the city's hospitality with offensive or intimidating behaviour they could be ordered to leave York, refused rail travel or get a fine or a criminal record."

**Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire** , said: "York is safe, welcoming city, but alcohol-fuelled ASB is a real cause for concern for residents and visitors. This partnership approach to clamping down on bad behaviour will be welcomed by all and I am sure it will prove very effective. As well as short-term tactics like 'Had enough', we need to make sure we continue to work collectively to address this issue in the long term."

**Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police** , said: "This campaign is part of our ongoing commitment to working in partnership to tackle alcohol-related antisocial behaviour. York is a very safe city, but people do need to understand the effects of their alcohol consumption, particularly on their behaviour and its impact on others. We want everyone to be able to enjoy their time in the city centre. Working alongside City of York Council, British Transport Police, and many other partners, we will ensure people are aware of the standards of behaviour we expect of them. Anyone whose behaviour falls below that standard will be dealt with firmly, including the use of dispersal powers to remove them from the city centre."

**Chief Superintendent Peter Holden of British Transport Police (BTP)** , said: "It's great news that we have now extended the partnership previously held with the rail industry and North Yorkshire Police to tackle alcohol-related anti-social behaviour with Safer York Partnership, City of York Council and city centre licensees. A fully joined-up approach will enable us all to provide a more holistic solution to reducing alcohol-related ASB and increase public confidence to ensure York station and the city centre continues to be a great place to visit and work.

"Trains and stations are not extensions of bars and clubs; they are used by everyone including families, young people and the elderly. Other passengers do not want to travel and be subjected to the often intimidating behaviour of others under the influence of alcohol. We want people to behave appropriately and responsibly on board and consider other passengers and treat them with respect. When they don't, we will step in.

"This is not about trying to spoil people's fun or ruining their day out. It's about educating people to be aware of their alcohol consumption and their behaviour when around other passengers."

**3 September 2015**

Posted on 3 September 2015 at 08:25am in News stories
