```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-15T08:11:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-15T08:03:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "What has been happening these last few months? It\u2019s been five months since my first day, and I have learnt so much since. A lot has happened since my first blog \u2013 I have had three meetings with my apprenticeship tutor Tracey, I have attended uniform fittings and fitness tests, and my Student Officers that [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/LUCY20PIC.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Blog: NYP apprentice Lucy Marshall&#039;s second blog post - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/blog-nyp-apprentice-lucy-marshalls-second-blog-post/
title: 'Blog: NYP apprentice Lucy Marshall''s second blog post'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/blog-nyp-apprentice-lucy-marshalls-second-blog-post/
```

Last modified: 15 May 2019 at 09:11am

Lucy continues her work as a Resourcing Administrator in an apprentice role at North Yorkshire Police.

**What has been happening these last few months?**

It’s been five months since my first day, and I have learnt so much since. A lot has happened since my first blog – I have had three meetings with my apprenticeship tutor Tracey, I have attended uniform fittings and fitness tests, and my Student Officers that I had been progressing since Christmas joined in early March. I can’t forget to mention that I had a non-work related trip to Paris too!

**How are things going at NYP?**

It only seems like I joined NYP yesterday, but I have been here now for almost five months! It has been brilliant to get hands on with work and meeting candidates face-to-face.

I have attended fitness tests with my colleagues Sophie and Rachel which was a great experience to meet the candidates and understand what’s involved. Building a strong relationship with my candidates is really important to me. The fitness tests are always a good way to meet the candidates and become a familiar and friendly face for when they join, but it also gives candidates reassurance that they can come to me with any queries or issues.

I worked at our Logistics Hub in Thirsk at the clothing department to assist Student Officers and Special Constables with their uniform fittings. This was a big step for me in my role, as I went there on my own and I was able to answer any HR queries I was given on the spot. Sometimes you don’t realise how much you know until you get quizzed, so this made me feel really positive.

My apprenticeship tutor, Tracey from BePro Development, has been to visit me three times now. Tracey is my point of contact throughout my apprenticeship and will be guiding me for the remainder of my apprenticeship. Tracey will also be my teacher at the CIPD workshops.

We had a progress review which gave Tracey and me a good idea of my strengths and weaknesses. As part of my assessment plan I created a progress review for my colleagues to complete. This helps me work on my weaknesses and take pride in my strengths. Tracey sets me assessment plans for my Level 3 HR Support Qualification and I am given deadlines to complete this. The great thing about my Apprenticeship is that everything I do is done in work hours – it is called 'off the job training' and you must allocate 20 per cent of your time towards this, meaning no homework, which is always a bonus!

**Putting the next set of boots on the street …**

Since Christmas I have been dealing with Student Police Constables, and have now brought into service two intakes. I have been responsible for conducting pre-employment checks and keeping the Student Officers updated. It felt great when they all arrived on their first day - their hard work paid off as much as mine did.

At the moment I’m progressing Police Student Constables towards the next intake, which is June. Just to give you an insight – there are 28 Student Officers per intake, a mix of internal and external candidates. Pre-employment checks consist of getting everyone vetted, sending reference requests, the 'dreaded' bleep test, medical appointments with Occupational Health, uniform fittings and they will also have their biometrics taken. This is a lengthy process and as part of my role, it’s important to candidates updated on the progress of their application.

Alongside the Student Officers, I am also dealing with Special Constables and Police Community Support Officers. It’s great to finally be hands-on and get involved with roles that I never really knew much about before joining the police.

**The team**

For the last couple of months we’d all been promising that we would get our Team Photo, but it was one of those things we never got round to, someone would always refuse due to bad hair day (me included!). We finally managed to, after many attempts…

**So, what 's next?**

I attended my first CIPD workshop in York in April. I was super-excited to get involved and meet new faces who are also studying HR Level 3 Support. I feel that the CIPD is going to benefit my career and help me build in my Resourcing Administrator role. I am still progressing Student Officers, Special Constables, and Police Community Support Officers, and I am just as excited for them to start as they are!

**Keep up with Lucy 's blog**

Lucy's blog #1

Lucy's blog #2

Posted on 15 May 2019 at 09:03am in News stories
