```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-05T12:00:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-05T11:58:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "First York is working with North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council to encourage staff to look out for signs of child sexual exploitation or vulnerability as they transport customers around the region. York-based Sergeant Simon Pape said: \u201COne of the challenges police face when tackling child sexual exploitation is that it really can [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08/CSE-bus-training-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "York bus drivers encouraged to be the \u201Ceyes and ears\u201D of communities to stop child exploitation - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-bus/
title: "York bus drivers encouraged to be the \u201Ceyes and ears\u201D of communities to stop child exploitation"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-bus/
```

Last modified: 5 August 2016 at 12:00pm

Bus drivers in York are being trained to spot vulnerable children and prevent them coming to harm.

First York is working with North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council to encourage staff to look out for signs of child sexual exploitation or vulnerability as they transport customers around the region.

York-based Sergeant Simon Pape said: “One of the challenges police face when tackling child sexual exploitation is that it really can happen anywhere, and vulnerable young people are often manipulated so they don’t come forward and report it.

“Bus drivers meet lots of different people in different communities and travel hundreds of miles a week, morning noon and night, so they’re ideally placed to spot the signs.

“Tackling child sexual abuse is one of North Yorkshire Police’s top priorities and transport staff can support us by acting as the eyes and ears of communities.

“With the support and training we’re providing, their actions could directly prevent a young person from being harmed. And that’s what this operation is all about.”

Dot Evans, Head of Children’s Safeguarding, City of York Council, said: “Tackling child sexual abuse and exploitation is something that everyone in the city can help us to do. By training bus drivers to spot the signs of abuse and exploitation we hope that we can help to make children and young people even safer.”

Bus drivers are being taught to look out for the following signs, which may indicate a child is vulnerable or being exploited:

- Young people who appear to be in a relationship or inappropriately close to someone significantly older

- Suspicious patterns of behaviour by young people, including being at unusual locations at abnormal times – especially late at night or during school hours

- Young people using public transport while under the influence of alcohol/ drugs

- Inappropriate clothing and sexualised behaviour

Neil Bailey, Operations Manager at First York, said: “We’re pleased to support this important campaign to help prevent harm to children. Our staff live and work across our local communities and can play a valuable role in spotting signs of exploitation.”

The initiative brings together the It’s Not OK Campaign – which seeks to raise awareness of child sexual abuse and exploitation – and Operation Rapport – a York-based operation that brings together charities, the public and private sector to raise awareness of child sexual assault and vulnerability and encourage the public to report concerns.

The reports enable North Yorkshire Police to identify specific young people who need help, and also any areas that need to be patrolled more closely to prevent crimes or exploitation taking place.

Vulnerable children’s charity The Railway Children has delivered training to North Yorkshire Police, First York and City of York Council, who in turn are sharing their new-found knowledge with other employees.

For more information about the It’s Not Ok Campaign, visit www.itsnotokay-york.org.uk or www.northyorkshire.police.uk/CSE

Anyone who has any concerns about child sexual exploitation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 999 if a child is in immediate danger, or 101 otherwise.

Posted on 5 August 2016 at 11:58am in News stories
