```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:34:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-17T13:05:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after an attempted robbery in York this morning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following York attempted robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-york-attempted-robbery/
title: Witness appeal following York attempted robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-york-attempted-robbery/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:34pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after an attempted robbery in York this morning.

At about 2.50am on Wednesday 17 June, a lone male student was walking along Melrosegate from Hull Road when he was approached near the entrance to St Nicholas Fields by a man and a woman on bicycles who came from the opposite direction.

The suspects demanded money from the victim, and the man pushed him to the ground and threatened him with a knife. Nothing was taken, and the victim was not injured, but was left shaken by the incident. The offenders cycled off along Alcuin Avenue.

The suspects are described as:

 * A white man, between 5ft 8ins and 5ft 10ins tall, aged late 20s to early 30s, wearing a grey or dark hooded top with the hood up, and stubble. His bike was dark-coloured.
 * A white woman, between 5ft 6ins and 5ft 8ins tall, of medium build, aged in her 30s, wearing a hooded top with the hood up.

Anybody who has any information about the incident, or recognises the descriptions of those involved, is asked to contact York Serious Crime Team. Please dialling 101, select option 2 and ask for the York Serious Crime Team, or email SCTYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150101063 when passing information about this incident.

Although York is a very safe city, police are urging people to be aware of measures they can take to keep themselves safe when walking alone at night:

 * Plan your route to avoid potentially unsafe areas, and stick to well-lit routes, main roads and footpaths.
 * Make sure you're not showing off any valuables. It's a good idea to carry your bag close to you with the clasp or pocket facing inwards. Keep it zipped so your wallet or purse can't be seen.
 * Cover up expensive jewelry and, if you must carry other valuables, be discreet: talking on your mobile, wearing headphones or carrying a laptop all show thieves you have things worth taking.
 * Have your house keys ready so you can get in the front door quickly - carry them on you, not in your bag, and consider an attack alarm (whether you're male or female).
 * Make sure you've got insurance and your belongings are registered on www.immobilise.com.

For more personal safety advice from North Yorkshire Police, visithttp://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/14748.

**17 June 2015**

Posted on 17 June 2015 at 01:05pm in News stories
