```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T09:18:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-15T11:00:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police has launched its latest recruitment campaign looking for Police Constables (student officers) to join the force.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police opens recruitment for Police Constable Student Officers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-opens-recruitment-police-constable-student-officers/
title: North Yorkshire Police opens recruitment for Police Constable Student Officers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-opens-recruitment-police-constable-student-officers/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 09:18am

North Yorkshire Police has launched its latest recruitment campaign looking for Police Constables (student officers) to join the force.

Earlier this year Chief Constable Dave Jones and Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan announced that the force would aim to strengthen the number of officers in North Yorkshire to 1400 over a two year period. This campaign marks the first step towards achieving that goal.

To give prospective applicants a real taste of the role a film has been made depicting the day to day reality of being a Police Constable. The film follows two response PCs from the force; PC Leah Gillon based in Scarborough and PC Arfan Rahouf of the Rural Taskforce and shows them attending calls and dealing with the daily challenges, along with information and advice about the application and training process.

The film shows the uniqueness of our region with our rural and urban communities and the huge variety the job offers; from conducting patrol duties on foot, by car and bicycle; to responding to major incidents such as road traffic accidents, domestic violence and burglaries; as well as protecting some of the most vulnerable members of our society.

Police Constable student officers experience an 18-week training programme, where they are put through their paces learning the law and key communication skills. When they have completed the training, for the next 15 weeks they experience a number of different elements of policing through serving placements in a number of departments, whilst being guided by a tutor and completing their SOLAP - a portfolio of evidence and experience which is assessed and graded. On successfully completing their training and placements, PCs then serve a two year probationary period, before becoming a fully-fledged Police Constable.

A key message of the campaign and the film is the forces ambition to increase the diversity of its workforce and the fact that applications are welcome from people with a wide range of backgrounds and experience.

Chief Inspector Mark Khan, who appears in the film said:

"It's an exciting time to be joining the police force. This job changes you and brings out all the positive qualities inside of you. No other job gives you the sense of satisfaction like this job does - you are helping people in their time of need and assisting when they are at their most vulnerable. You will be the frontline of the criminal justice system and responsible for protecting the public, preventing crime and the maintenance of public order."

"Police Constable is a professional role and following a successful probation the career opportunities are numerous - successful applicants could choose to pursue specialisms such as Serious Crime Team, Cybercrime Unit, Economic Crime Unit, Firearms Support to name a few"

"We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and experiences and we recognise that the more diverse our force can be and the more it can reflect the society it polices, the stronger it becomes. This is your police force, please come and join it."

Apply now - http://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/pc

Posted on 15 April 2016 at 11:00am in News stories
