```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-07T12:04:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery on George Hudson Street in York around 11pm on Saturday 5 December 2020. A man and a woman were approached by two men who attempted to steal their belongings, assaulting the man and racially abusing the woman. The man suffered minor injuries [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following attempted robbery in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-york-2/
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-york-2/
```

Last modified: 7 December 2020 at 12:04pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery on George Hudson Street in York around 11pm on Saturday 5 December 2020.

A man and a woman were approached by two men who attempted to steal their belongings, assaulting the man and racially abusing the woman. The man suffered minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.

North Yorkshire Police is currently conducting enquiries to locate the two suspects. The first suspect is described as a white male, around 25 years of age and of skinny build. He was wearing a beige Gucci baseball cap with red and green through it and a black waterproof coat with dark trousers which were tucked into white socks and trainers.

The second suspect is described as a white male, around 25 years of age and of skinny build with blonde scruffy hair. He was wearing dark clothing including tracksuit bottoms and had his hood up.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and in particular, we would also like to speak to a man who was driving a white Mercedes and stopped to help the victims after the incident had taken place.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for CID York. You can also email CIDYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200221348

Contact details:
 Stacie-Lea Franks \- #0871
Stacie-Lea.Franks@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12200180210
Posted on 7 December 2020 at 12:04pm in Local appeals
