```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T12:49:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-19T12:49:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a bike theft that occurred in Richmond between 26th and 27th of April 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Richmond bike thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-richmond-bike-thefts/
title: Appeal following Richmond bike thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-richmond-bike-thefts/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 12:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a bike theft that occurred in Richmond between 26th and 27th of April 2015.

Between 1900Hrs on 26/04/2015 and 0800hrs on 27/04/2015 two cycles were taken from the Mill Lane area of Richmond. Bike one was a "Giants Roam 2" road racer bike, black frame with the word "Giant" in silver writing on the frame, this bike is valued at £449.99. Bike two is a Specialized, Sirrus Comp Hybrid bike, has a black frame and is valued at £800, this bike has an attachment half way up the frame in which a child seat can be attached. Both bikes were securely locked to a bike rack using a D-lock. Unknown offenders unscrewed the rack from the wall and removed the bike with the D-lock still attached. It is believed that the bikes were taken away by vehicle as it would not have been possible to ride the bikes with the locks and rack still attached.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Roche. You can also email Alex.Roche@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

19 May 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150068978

Posted on 19 May 2015 at 12:49pm in News stories
