```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T09:48:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-20T09:46:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives have reopened the investigation into the death of Harrogate man Robert Pride-McLeod.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/robert1-182x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Investigation into 2007 Harrogate death reopened - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-2007-harrogate-death-reopened/
title: Investigation into 2007 Harrogate death reopened
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/investigation-2007-harrogate-death-reopened/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 09:48am

Detectives have reopened the investigation into the death of Harrogate man Robert Pride-McLeod.

Robert, aged 49, was found dead in a cellar at a homeless hostel on Robert Street, Harrogate, on 21 January 2007.

Robert was made homeless on Friday 12 January 2007 and was given a room on the first floor of the hostel.

He was ill at the time and needed a Zimmer frame to get around. He only weighed five stone.

The following Monday morning Robert's room was checked and he wasn't there. Despite police appeals for information, nobody has ever come forward to say they saw Robert since he was helped to his room by a security guard when he arrived at the hostel.

He was found dead later that week.

The coroner recorded an open verdict at the inquest into Robert's death, however a post-mortem examination revealed that Robert had a head injury and the police believe that he was assaulted prior to his death **.**

Three people were arrested during the initial investigation and released without charge.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit are reviewing the case and are appealing for people with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson, who is leading the investigation, said: "It is more than eight years since Robert was found dead in a cellar in Harrogate and we still don't know exactly what happened to him.

"From the evidence obtained during the initial investigation in 2007 it is believed that Robert was assaulted after he was taken in at the hostel. However, despite that investigation there are still a number of unanswered questions. Who assaulted Robert? How did he come to be in the cellar? Did someone put him there?

"Where Robert lived is no longer a homeless hostel but at the time there were seven rooms and a flat which were occupied. Were you a resident there the weekend Robert arrived? Were you visiting someone at the hostel that weekend? Did you see what happened to Robert? Have you heard anything about what happened to Robert since?"

Officers are determined to find out what happened to Robert and get some answers for his family.

DI Pearson added: "Robert died alone in a cold cellar. Nobody's life should end in this manner and I want to find out what happened to him.

"At the time of the initial enquiry people may have been reluctant, for whatever reason, to come forward. It is now eight years on and people's lives will have moved on considerably, and loyalties and perspectives change over time.

"Somebody knows what happened to Robert and I am appealing to them to talk to us so that we can get some answers for Robert's family."

Robert had changed his name around five years prior to his death. His sister, Christine, who lives in America and knows him by his previous name, Timothy, has released the following statement: "Timothy did not deserve to die in such sad and lonely circumstances and deserves justice.

"I would like to take the opportunity to ask the people of Harrogate to help the police find out what happened to Timothy in that hostel and how he came to end his days in the cellar."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for the Major Crime Unit.

Alternatively, information can emailed toMajorCrimeUnit@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150077616 when passing information about this incident.

See the last moving images of Robert alive on our YouTube channel http://youtu.be/X8_zsYjkHCQ

**20 May 2015**

Posted on 20 May 2015 at 09:46am in News stories
