```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-20T17:06:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-20T16:58:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: William Daniel Wark, 24, was recorded riding at 111mph on the A65 between Clapham and Ingleton. When police went to stop him, he led them on a pursuit that lasted for several miles and topped out at 125mph. Highly-trained roads policing officers eventually called off the chase to prevent danger to the public. The incident [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/William-Daniel-Wark-dob-07-01-1994-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 125mph police pursuit biker dealt with at court - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/125mph-police-pusuit-biker-dealt-with-at-court/
title: 125mph police pursuit biker dealt with at court
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/125mph-police-pusuit-biker-dealt-with-at-court/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2018 at 06:06pm

A motorcyclist who led police on a high-speed chase at speeds of up to 125mph has been handed a 10 month suspended prison sentence and banned from the roads for 12 months.

William Daniel Wark, 24, was recorded riding at 111mph on the A65 between Clapham and Ingleton.

When police went to stop him, he led them on a pursuit that lasted for several miles and topped out at 125mph.

Highly-trained roads policing officers eventually called off the chase to prevent danger to the public.

The incident took place on 21 April 2018 and Wark was charged the next day after he was tracked down from the registration plate of his Kawasaki Zephyr 750.

The machinist, of Pontefract Road in Pontefract, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving at Skipton Magistrates’ Court on 11 May.

He was sent to Bradford Crown Court for sentence due to the severity of the case. He was also ordered to carry out 200 hours of community service.

After the case, Roads Policing Officer Mark Brook – who was involved in the pursuit and led the investigation – said: “The speeds Wark reached were frankly ridiculous and posed a real danger to other road users.

“We cannot and will not tolerate that sort of behaviour on North Yorkshire’s roads. So I’m glad that the court has reflected the severity of his offending in the sentence they handed out.

“Wark obviously didn’t consider the consequences of riding at that speed.

“However, we see the consequences first hand. We have to gather body parts off the carriageways at fatal collisions. We have to break devastating news to partners or parents when we tell them their loved one is lying in a morgue.

“If people could see what we see, they’d never ride like that.”

**Police in-car footage of the pursuit is available via this link:https://youtu.be/-yKNyVCe16A**

Posted on 20 June 2018 at 05:58pm in News stories
