```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-21T16:19:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Joshua Neil Townsend, 19, of Norwood Place was sentenced to six years\u2019 detention in a young offenders institution, and Callum Ethan Shields, 19, of Weaponess Valley Road was sentenced to five years\u2019 detention in a young offenders institution. At around 11.10pm on the night of 26 April 2018, the Scarborough victim was in bed and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/Callum-Ethan-Shields-03121998-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough men jailed for 11 years for robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-men-jailed-for-11-years-for-robbery/
title: Scarborough men jailed for 11 years for robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-men-jailed-for-11-years-for-robbery/
```

Last modified: 21 May 2018 at 05:19pm

Two Scarborough men have been jailed for a combined total of 11 years for robbery and aggravated vehicle taking.

Joshua Neil Townsend, 19, of Norwood Place was sentenced to six years’ detention in a young offenders institution, and Callum Ethan Shields, 19, of Weaponess Valley Road was sentenced to five years’ detention in a young offenders institution.

Callum Ethan Shields Joshua Neil Townsend

At around 11.10pm on the night of 26 April 2018, the Scarborough victim was in bed and heard loud banging on his door. He got up to investigate and noticed a man in his lounge and one near the door. The pair became aggressive towards him, threatening him with a hammer and demanding he hand over money that he didn’t have.

The pair eventually left the property, taking with them the victim’s car keys and stole his car that was parked outside.

While on patrol in the area, police officers were alerted to the robbery and carried out a search of the area. They traced the vehicle traveling along the A171 towards Whitby before it came to a stop on the road to Harwood Dale.

On approaching the vehicle, officers found Townsend in the passenger seat and Shields in the driver’s seat. It was also established that Townsend had previously driven the vehicle before crashing it and causing minor damage.

The pair were arrested and later charged. They both pleaded guilty at York Crown Court to robbery and aggravated vehicle taking on 21 May 2018. They were sentenced the same day and were also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £170 each.

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Vicky Millington of Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “The defendants have been charged with robbery which is a very serious offence that greatly impacted the victim and left him feeling very distressed. Fortunately they pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity which prevented the victim going through the ordeal of court and reliving the trauma.

“Your home should be a place of safety and to be subjected to such a frightening intrusion into your personal life can leave you feeling very vulnerable, leaving a lasting impact on a victim. The seriousness of the offence is reflected in the sentence handed out by the court, and I hope this gives the victim some comfort.”

If you are a victim of crime you can get help from Supporting Victims who will provide support and advice in the aftermath of a crime, no matter how long ago it happened. Call them on 01609 64300 or visit www.supportingvictims.org

Posted on 21 May 2018 at 05:19pm in News stories
