```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-21T12:18:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following an arson attack at Helmsley Spice restaurant on Bridge Street in Helmsley.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following arson attack at Helmsley restaurant - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-at-helmsley-restaurant/
title: Appeal following arson attack at Helmsley restaurant
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-at-helmsley-restaurant/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following an arson attack at Helmsley Spice restaurant on Bridge Street in Helmsley.

Police were called at 2.45am in the early hours of this morning (Wednesday 21 January 2015) by North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service.

The suspects threw six bottles containing accelerant and stuffed with rags at the restaurant. Two landed inside and caught fire, two were found outside the restaurant but did not ignite and another two were found on the road near the property, these had ignited. There was minimal damage caused to the inside of the inside of the restaurant.

The incident follows a similar attack at the restaurant on 3 December 2014 when a rag and accelerant was pushed through the letter box and ignited.

Police are appealing to witnesses and to anyone with any information that could assist the investigation.

Detective Sergeant Ken Proctor of Scarborough and Ryedale CID, said: "This is a very worrying attack on a rural business premises which has also caused alarm in the local community.

"Thankfully, the noise woke the occupants of the building who escaped uninjured.

"We are carrying out extensive enquiries to track down the suspects and are appealing to anyone with any information to contact us.

"The suspects would have made a noise as they carried out their attack and I am urging anyone who heard or saw any suspicious activity before or after the incident get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Scarborough CID.

If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12150011239 when passing on information.

The road was closed while investigators examined the scene of the incident, including the road outside.

Posted on 21 January 2015 at 12:18pm in News stories
