```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-14T13:25:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-14T13:10:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police were contacted at 12.08pm on Wednesday 13 December 2017 to reports of a burglary at the property, where thieves had entered the house via a smashed window and taken the owners car keys. The car had then been removed from the driveway and driven away. A few minutes later a member of the public [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal for information following burglary and theft of car from property in Burniston, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-information-following-burglary-theft-car-property-burniston-scarborough/
title: Police appeal for information following burglary and theft of car from property in Burniston, Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-information-following-burglary-theft-car-property-burniston-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 14 December 2017 at 01:25pm

Scarborough Police are appealing for information after a property on Overgreen View in Burniston was broken into and the owners silver Vauxhall Astra was stolen.

Police were contacted at 12.08pm on Wednesday 13 December 2017 to reports of a burglary at the property, where thieves had entered the house via a smashed window and taken the owners car keys.

The car had then been removed from the driveway and driven away.

A few minutes later a member of the public reported a silver Vauxhall Astra having collided with a tree on Barrowcliff Road, Scarborough.

Police are appealing for information and for witnesses who may have seen the car in the area, the collision or two men who were seen to leave the vehicle and head in the direction of Colescliff Road, to contact them on 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to Scarborough Investigation Hub. It's thought that one of the men may have received a head injury in the collision.

Please quote reference 12170222453.

This burglary follows a number of similar break-ins in the area.

Scarborough Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Graeme Kynman said:

“We understand that incidents such as burglaries are incredibly upsetting for home owners, particularly at this time of year and we are working to ensure the individuals responsible for these crimes are found, arrested and held to account for their actions.

“I would appeal to all residents – please make thieves lives difficult by ensuring you secure your properties and make sure all windows and doors are locked. Don't leave valuable items such as x-boxes, ipads, phones or car keys on display. Residential properties are being targeted, with offenders favouring these types of items, so its advised to keep them out of view.

“I appeal to anyone who has any information which would assist our investigation to contact Scarborough Investigation Hub and share that information.”

Posted on 14 December 2017 at 01:10pm in News stories
