```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-04T17:36:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-09T08:00:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'In the UK, the chosen theme is: An internet we trust: exploring reliability in the online world. Safer Internet Day inspires a national conversation about using technology responsibly, respectfully, critically, and creatively. Co-ordinated in the UK by the UK Safer Internet Centre, the celebration sees thousands of organisations get involved to promote the safe, responsible [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/We-are-supporting-Safer-Internet-Day-2021-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Safer Internet Day 2021 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safer-internet-day-2021/
title: Safer Internet Day 2021
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safer-internet-day-2021/
```

Last modified: 4 February 2021 at 05:36pm

North Yorkshire Police is supporting Safer Internet Day 2021 on Tuesday 9 February.

In the UK, the chosen theme is: **An internet we trust: exploring reliability in the online world**.

Safer Internet Day inspires a national conversation about using technology responsibly, respectfully, critically, and creatively.

Co-ordinated in the UK by the UK Safer Internet Centre, the celebration sees thousands of organisations get involved to promote the safe, responsible and positive use of digital technology for children and young people.

In 2020, 49% of young people aged 8-17 and 26% of parents were reached.

Everyone is invited to join in to help create a better internet on Tuesday 9 February 2021 and throughout the whole year.

Each year in the UK, Safer Internet Day explores a new area or theme that is important to the young people we work with every day.

Safer Internet Day 2021 celebrates the amazing range of information and opportunities online, and its potential to inform, connect and inspire us, whilst also looking at how young people can separate fact from fiction.

The campaign focuses on how we can know what to trust online, supporting young people to question, challenge and change the online world. It will explore how influence, persuasion and manipulation can impact young people’s decisions, opinions and what they share online. We want to give young people the skills to support one another, and the strategies to spot and speak out against harmful and misleading content online.

 * Find out how you can get involved at **www.saferinternetday.org.uk** and following coverage on social media using the hashtag **#SaferInternetDay**.

Posted on 9 February 2021 at 08:00am in News stories
