```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-03T12:19:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-03T12:09:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at Thomas the Baker shortly after 9pm on Thursday 29 November 2018. Two offenders, one described as wearing a black jacket with hi-vis trousers and the other wearing a grey jacket and black bottoms were seen to exit a vehicle at the rear of Thomas the Baker, which is close to the Applegarth [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/12/Rear-of-vehicle-1024x590.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary on Northallerton High Street - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-on-northallerton-high-street/
title: Appeal following burglary on Northallerton High Street
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-on-northallerton-high-street/
```

Last modified: 3 December 2018 at 12:19pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at a commercial property on the high street in Northallerton.

It happened at Thomas the Baker shortly after 9pm on Thursday 29 November 2018.

Two offenders, one described as wearing a black jacket with hi-vis trousers and the other wearing a grey jacket and black bottoms were seen to exit a vehicle at the rear of Thomas the Baker, which is close to the Applegarth car park, and attacked a rear door at the property. They gained access and made off with a safe.

The vehicle left towards the Auction Mart on Alverton Lane just after 9.30pm.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the vehicle sighted in the area, along with the identities of those involved.

The vehicle has been sighted on CCTV cameras around the area and is a small white hatchback, possibly a Hyundai or Suzuki. Enquiries are on-going to trace the vehicle and occupants.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1255 Jack Dodsworth.

You can also email Jack.Dodsworth1255@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180223098.

Contact details:
 Jack Dodsworth \- #1255
jack.dodsworth1255@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 x31255
Incident reference:
 12180223098
Posted on 3 December 2018 at 12:09pm in Local appeals
