```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-12T10:03:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Chief Constable Dave Jones and Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, have\_signed up to the national \_&#8220;Blue Light Time to Change Pledge&#8221; led by mental health charity Mind. North Yorkshire Police joins the wide movement of emergency service employers and associations that have pledged to tackle mental health stigma and discrimination. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Blue_Light_Pledge__3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police chiefs&#039; pledge for better mental health in the workplace - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-chiefs-pledge-for-better-mental-health-in-the-workplace/
title: Police chiefs' pledge for better mental health in the workplace
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-chiefs-pledge-for-better-mental-health-in-the-workplace/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police chiefs at North Yorkshire Police have pledged their commitment to end stigma and promote better understanding of mental ill health in the work place.

Chief Constable Dave Jones and Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, have signed up to the national "Blue Light Time to Change Pledge" led by mental health charity Mind.

Blue Light Pledge

North Yorkshire Police joins the wide movement of emergency service employers and associations that have pledged to tackle mental health stigma and discrimination.

By signing up to an action plan under the pledge, they have committed to create a working environment where staff and volunteers can talk freely about their mental health, promote a better understanding of mental health problems, and offer support and wellbeing advice to their workforce.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, said: "Police officers, staff and volunteers are exposed to a wide range of traumatic and stressful situations and it is vital that their mental health is treated the same importance as their physical health.

"For too long, people have felt unable to talk about their mental health problems and by signing up the pledge, we are demonstrating that we want things to change and make our working environment one where people can talk openly and are able to obtain the necessary help they need.

"Our action plan has already had a head start thanks to our own Sergeant Ed Simpson, who shared his story about his experience of severe depression and is now an Ambassador for Mind's Blue Light programme."

The action plan includes encouraging staff and volunteers to talk openly about mental health problems and appointing mental health champions across the force who people can talk to.

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: ""Police officers, staff and volunteers do a tough job, which can take its toll physically and emotionally. This campaign is extremely important because it demonstrates that we are willing and ready to support people whose work has caused them real harm. I also believe it will help break down the barriers and stigma attached to mental illness that can prevent people from getting the support they need.

"I am also particularly proud that one of North Yorkshire's officers, Sergeant Ed Simpson, has come forward to be one of the faces of the Blue Light Campaign. Ed recently won the Public Choice Award at North Yorkshire Police's annual award ceremony for his work in this area. He is an inspiration to us all and I very much hope that his courage, along with our support, ensure more people get the care they so deserve."

Paul Farmer, Chief Executive of Mind, said: "Not only are many of our blue light personnel struggling with their mental health, but they're less likely to seek support or have time off sick than the general workforce. Good mental health should be a priority in any workplace but it is especially important that people exposed to traumatic of life-threatening situations - such as those working within the police, ambulance, fire and search and rescue services - receive appropriate support. By signing the Blue Light Time to Change pledge North Yorkshire Police is helping to fight stigma and promote positive mental health in emergency services."

Posted on 12 January 2016 at 10:03am in News stories
