```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-08T12:47:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers believe the blaze outside B&amp;Q on Skipton Road was stared deliberately at around 10pm yesterday (7 February). They are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information about the incident to come forward. The fire was contained to the skip, which was full of wood, and no other damage was reported. Inspector Penny Taylor, of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Arson warning as officers investigate skip blaze in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skip-blaze-harrogate/
title: Arson warning as officers investigate skip blaze in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skip-blaze-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police are investigating after a skip was set alight in Harrogate – the latest incident in a series of arson attacks in the area.

Officers believe the blaze outside B&Q on Skipton Road was stared deliberately at around 10pm yesterday (7 February).

They are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information about the incident to come forward.

The fire was contained to the skip, which was full of wood, and no other damage was reported.

Inspector Penny Taylor, of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Not only is deliberately setting fire to things illegal, it also puts lives at risk.

“Fires can spread extremely quickly and unpredictably, which can have dire consequences for those who light them and innocent members of the public.”

Officers have been investigating fires at nearby farm buildings, which they believe may also have been started on purpose and could be linked to last night’s incident.

Insp Taylor added: “We’re working very closely with North Yorkshire fire service, businesses, land owners and others to reduce their chances of being targeted and to catch the offenders before someone is seriously hurt.”

Anyone who has information that could help the investigation is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Liz Rutter. You can also email PC Rutter on Liz.Rutter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 8 February 2018 at 12:47pm in News stories
