```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:18:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-06T09:40:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A cycle safety campaign has been launched in Thirsk and Easingwold, as the towns&#039; police urge cyclists to be safe and be seen.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/01/PCSO-Nigel-Warby.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclists urged to &#039;be safe and be seen&#039; in Thirsk and Easingwold - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-urged-safe-seen-thirsk-easingwold/
title: Cyclists urged to 'be safe and be seen' in Thirsk and Easingwold
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-urged-safe-seen-thirsk-easingwold/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:18am

A cycle safety campaign has been launched in Thirsk and Easingwold, as the towns' police urge cyclists to be safe and be seen.

A cycle safety campaign has been launched in Thirsk and Easingwold, as the towns' police urge cyclists to be safe and be seen.

Over the coming weeks, the Thirsk and Easingwold Neighbourhood Policing Team will be targeting the minority of cyclists who cause a danger to themselves and others by riding without lights and on footpaths.

Spot checks will be carried out in both towns, with officers issuing Traffic Offence Reports for cycling offences if necessary.

PCSO Nigel Warby, of Thirsk and Easingwold Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Please ensure that if you are riding your bike in the dark mornings and evenings that you have adequate lighting so that you can be seen and be safe.

"In particular, parents whose children ride their bikes when it's getting dark should ensure that they are equipped with bike lights and high-visibility clothing, so that they can be seen at all times by other road users.

"I am also reminding cyclists to stay off footpaths, as this put pedestrians at risk and is an offence."

The campaign in Thirsk and Easingwold follows a successful ongoing operation in York. Officers in York will continue to carry out checks throughout January, with a particular focus in the east of the city.

Posted on 6 January 2017 at 09:40am in News stories
