```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-06-28T15:04:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On average, the 53 people arrested blew almost twice the legal limit. Six recorded readings of more than three times the limit. Police have branded the results are \u201Cshocking\u201D and have warned those who drive under the influence of drink or drugs: \u201CWe\u2019re determined to catch you.\u201D The campaign, which began on 14 June and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/northyorkshirepolice_29894025454-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Summer drink and drug drive campaign update: 53 arrested as officers carry out hundreds of breath tests across the county - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-update-2018/
title: 'Summer drink and drug drive campaign update: 53 arrested as officers carry out hundreds of breath tests across the county'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-update-2018/
```

Last modified: 28 June 2018 at 04:04pm

More than 50 suspected drink and drug drivers have been arrested by North Yorkshire Police in just two weeks as part of a summer campaign to make the county’s roads safer.

On average, the 53 people arrested blew almost twice the legal limit. Six recorded readings of more than three times the limit.

Police have branded the results are “shocking” and have warned those who drive under the influence of drink or drugs: “We’re determined to catch you.”

The campaign, which began on 14 June and runs for a month, coincides with the 2018 World Cup.

Eleven of the arrests were within 24 hours of the England Vs Panama game on Sunday 24 June.

More than eight out of ten of those arrested so far have been men.

North Yorkshire Police Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said: “It’s absolutely shocking that we’ve had to arrest an average of four people per day since our campaign began just a fortnight ago.

“It’s really not a difficult message to grasp – but some people continue to make the wrong choices and ignore our warnings.

“We see the horrific consequences of drink and drug driving first-hand. We have to pick up body parts from the carriageway after horrendous collisions and tell families that the person they love is lying on a mortuary slab. If you saw what we saw, you’d never, ever drink and drive.

“That’s why we’re so passionate about stopping people from driving under the influence. If you drink or take drugs and get behind the wheel, we’re determined to catch you.

“It’s really not worth risking your licence, your liberty or your life, and the lives of innocent people. If you want a drink, just arrange a designated driver or get a taxi.”

The figure represents an increase compared to the same period last year, when 49 people were arrested at the campaign’s half-way mark.

Police are carrying out hundreds of breath tests across North Yorkshire as part of the campaign.

Officers are out in force, performing stop checks at all times of the night and day including early mornings to detect those who are still over the limit from the night before.

They are also targeting known offenders and key locations throughout the county.

Some of the results so far include:

 * 53 drivers have been arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving
 * 83% of those arrested were men
 * Ten of the arrests followed a collision
 * 26 of the 53 arrested have now been charged.
 * 21 have been bailed or released under investigation pending further enquiries.
 * Six were released with no further action.
 * 18 of the arrests have been drug related, with 15 of these being as a result of positive roadside drug screening test.
 * The average breath alcohol reading of those provided is 64ug/100ml which is just under twice the legal limit
 * Six of those arrested so far have provided readings over 105ug - more than three times the legal limit.

**Arrests by area:**

Richmond: 2

Harrogate: 6

York: 13

Selby: 8

Scarborough: 9

Ryedale: 3

Hambleton: 6

Craven: 5

**If you see someone about to drink drive or have information about someone who regularly drives after consuming alcohol or drugs, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101.**

Posted on 28 June 2018 at 04:04pm in News stories
