```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-11T16:39:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-11T16:40:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Key Facts We need to raise \xA380K to buy a new Incident Command Vehicle We are looking to fund this via Crowd Funding (asking a large number of people to donate money via the Internet) Our fund raising project launches at midday on Sunday 1 November 2020 www.crowdfunder.co.uk/smrt-vehicle-appeal Who we are Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Swaledale-Mountain-Rescue-Team-old-command-trailer-260x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '***SHARED ON BEHALF OF SWALEDALE MOUNTAIN RESCUE TEAM*** - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/shared-on-behalf-of-swaledale-mountain-rescue-team/
title: '***SHARED ON BEHALF OF SWALEDALE MOUNTAIN RESCUE TEAM***'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/shared-on-behalf-of-swaledale-mountain-rescue-team/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2020 at 04:39pm

Crowd Funding Project for Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team Incident Command Vehicle

**Key Facts**

 * We need to raise **£80K** to buy a new **Incident Command Vehicle**
 * We are looking to fund this via Crowd Funding (asking a large number of people to donate money via the Internet)
 * Our fund raising project launches at midday on Sunday 1 November 2020
 * **www.crowdfunder.co.uk/smrt-vehicle-appeal**

**Who we are**

Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team is run by a dedicated group of over 40 local volunteers. We are available 24/7 to save life and limb across 750 sq miles of predominantly upland fells. Our unique skills and capabilities enable us to assist all the North Yorkshire Emergency Services across a wide range of life threatening situations including search and rescue above ground, underground and in water. We are a registered charity and receive no regular government funding and rely almost entirely on donations from the public.

The team responded to about 34 callouts so far in 2020.

**Why we need to fund raise**

To provide these services we not only rely on the dedication and skills of our volunteers but also on a wide range of specialist equipment and vehicles. Our Incident Command Trailer has been one of these vital pieces of equipment for over 15 years. It is the operational nerve centre on call outs and houses our communications and IT equipment but time has taken its toll. It is difficult to manoeuvre, requires specialist driving skills, is time consuming to set up and is requiring more and more maintenance. After careful consideration we have concluded that the best solution is to replace our trailer **(pictured below)** with a new Incident Command Vehicle which will offer greater operational flexibility and reliability and help with our life saving work.

**What do we want and what’s the cost?**

We are looking to purchase and convert a Volkswagon T32 van into our new Incident Command Vehicle. The vehicle will:

 * Act as our communications and IT hub and liaison point with other emergency services.
 * Transport team members to call outs.
 * Have built in welfare facilities for team members.
 * Carry additional equipment when required.
 * Be fully liveried as a Mountain Rescue vehicle with blue lights and sirens.
 * Enable us to respond to manage operations more effectively and ultimately provide better care for casualties.

We have talked at length with suppliers, vehicle converters and other mountain rescue teams and we have found a vehicle and conversion specification that will best suit our needs for now and many years into the future. We have fully costed up our project and will require £80,000 to turn it into a reality.

**Statement from Ian Speirs, Chairman Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team:**

“The new Incident Command Vehicle is a vital piece of equipment for the team. Recent callouts at Middleham, Bedale and Tan Hill have all shown how critical it is that we have a modern command and control centre with communications, mapping and IT resources readily available to assist use. It also allows the team to ensure that we can effectively integrate with partners in the multi-agency environment”

**Statement from Inspector Mark Gee, North Yorkshire Police, Neighbourhood Policing Team Richmondshire:**

**“** Swaledale Mountain Rescue Team regularly work with North Yorkshire Police and the other emergency services assisting us in remote and inaccessible areas. We call on their services dozens of times a year at all times of day or night. Their skills and resources are invaluable to the local community. The Incident Command Vehicle is an important piece of kit. We wish them well with their fund-raising and encourage people to support their vital work **”**

**Make a donation**

The Crowdfunding site to make a donation is: **www.crowdfunder.co.uk/smrt-vehicle-appeal**

**More information and contact**

 * go to **www.swaledalemrt.org.uk**
 * email **appeal@swaledalemrt.org.uk**

Posted on 11 November 2020 at 04:40pm in News stories
