```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-24T15:57:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-24T15:38:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police have been conducting patrols of lorry parks, focussing in particular on the Hambleton district, following an increase in thefts from HGVs, including diesel fuel. At about 10.45pm on Friday 21 August 2020, officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Rural Taskforce were on patrol when they noticed an Audi A5 being driven close to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/12200146044-fuel-1-1024x768.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Boot full of fuel drums results in three arrests - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/boot-full-of-fuel-drums-results-in-three-arrests/
title: Boot full of fuel drums results in three arrests
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/boot-full-of-fuel-drums-results-in-three-arrests/
```

Last modified: 24 August 2020 at 04:57pm

Rural Taskforce officers have arrested three men on suspicion of preparing to steal fuel from lorries in North Yorkshire.

North Yorkshire Police have been conducting patrols of lorry parks, focussing in particular on the Hambleton district, following an increase in thefts from HGVs, including diesel fuel.

At about 10.45pm on Friday 21 August 2020, officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce were on patrol when they noticed an Audi A5 being driven close to lorries in the car park of Thirsk Auction Mart.

The car was stopped and searched. There was a strong smell of diesel inside the vehicle, and it didn’t take officers long to find 11 empty 25-litre plastic drums packed into the boot – and another four balanced on the back seat.

Three occupants, all men in their 20s from the Cleveland area, were arrested on suspicion of going equipped for theft. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Lorries, the contents of their large fuel tanks, and their trailer loads are often very valuable – criminals know this so will look to target vulnerable vehicles.

Proactive police patrols are continuing across North Yorkshire to protect HGVs, and drivers are being urged to take precautions:

 * Before starting your journey, decide where you are going to park overnight – and plan to use secure lorry parks
 * Park your lorry where you can see it, and always take your keys with you
 * Park with the loading doors close to another vehicle or wall. When returning to your lorry, check for signs of any interference

If you are aware of suspicious activity around parked lorries, contact the police. Call 101, or 999 if it’s an emergency or a crime is in progress.

Posted on 24 August 2020 at 04:38pm in News stories, Rural
