```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:48:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-15T10:44:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: With thousands of spectators set to flock to our area this weekend for the Tour de Yorkshire (Friday 29 April to Sunday 1 May 2016), North Yorkshire Police will be on hand to support the safe and secure running of the event.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police delighted to support a safe and secure Tour de Yorkshire 2016 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-delighted-support-safe-secure-tour-de-yorkshire-2016/
title: North Yorkshire Police delighted to support a safe and secure Tour de Yorkshire 2016
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-delighted-support-safe-secure-tour-de-yorkshire-2016/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:48am

With thousands of spectators set to flock to our area this weekend for the Tour de Yorkshire (Friday 29 April to Sunday 1 May 2016), North Yorkshire Police will be on hand to support the safe and secure running of the event.

Hosted by Welcome to Yorkshire and Amaury Sport Organisation, the cycle race is attracting some of the biggest teams from around the world as they take on hills, dales, moors, towns, cities and villages across Yorkshire. There will be three full stages of racing: Beverley to Settle on Friday 29 April, Otley to Doncaster on Saturday 30 April, and Middlesbrough to Scarborough on Sunday 1 May.

North Yorkshire features on all three days, with the majority of Stages 1 and 3 taking place in our county. Key elements include stage finishes in Settle and Scarborough and some potentially iconic climbs at locations such as Greenhow Hill and Sutton Bank.

Superintendent Dave Hannan, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "The Tour de Yorkshire is as fantastic occasion for our area and is another prime opportunity to showcase the very best of Yorkshire to a world-wide audience.

"North Yorkshire Police and the other forces involved in the policing of the event, West Yorkshire, Humberside, South Yorkshire, Cleveland and Nottinghamshire, have been engaged with the organisers Welcome to Yorkshire and other community partners throughout the planning process.

"We have been able to draw on the experiences of last year's inaugural Tour de Yorkshire and the Tour de France Grand Départ in 2014 . These events were hugely successful in terms of spectator and participant experiences, and also in delivering effective partnership working across agencies and geographic boundaries.

"This year's race will be escorted around the region by specialist police motorcyclists using rolling road closures. This means disruption will be kept to a minimum in most locations, with around one hour delays as the peloton passes through the race route.

"Crucially, we have worked very closely with the local authorities to ensure the emergency services can respond to urgent calls during the event.

"Each of the police forces involved will deploy enhanced levels of resources to the crowded locations. This is not because we anticipate any disorder - far from it. Our experiences with the Tour de France in 2014 and during last year's Tour de Yorkshire, showed us that having a good time with fellow fans is the priority of those in attendance. It is a celebratory and family atmosphere, with the style of policing very much reflecting the occasion.

"We are, however, conscious of the large crowds that will gather at certain points of the route and want residents and visitors to enjoy the Tour de Yorkshire in a safe environment. The security of our communities is, as always, of paramount importance."

**Sign up to new North Yorkshire Community Messaging system**

Residents and visitors enjoying the Tour de Yorkshire can get the latest information by signing up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging.

The free system, which launched this week, will let people receive important updates and notifications as the event passes through North Yorkshire.

Users can tailor preferences for the type of the message they receive, their preferred channel (phone, text, or email) and the specific locations of interest to them.

Registering is safe, secure and easy, and takes less than five minutes. Just visit www.nycm.co.uk on a smartphone or PC to get started.

Posted on 15 April 2016 at 10:44am in News stories
