```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-07T09:42:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-06T17:09:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "PC Richard Farrar of York was the public choice winner on the night, following his courageous act to apprehend an armed thief singlehandedly, on a busy Saturday night in York city centre. Talking about his award, PC Farrar said: \u201CI am truly honoured, humbled and proud to be the public choice winner so thank you [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/The-Lifetime-Achievement-Award-for-Police-Staff-awarded-to-Sergeant-Simon-Wilson-presented-by-Kerrie-Shields-of-NARPO-300x229.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Winners announced at North Yorkshire Police\u2019s third Annual Awards ceremony - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-announced-north-yorkshire-polices-third-annual-awards-ceremony/
title: "Winners announced at North Yorkshire Police\u2019s third Annual Awards ceremony"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-announced-north-yorkshire-polices-third-annual-awards-ceremony/
```

Last modified: 7 November 2017 at 09:42am

The third North Yorkshire Police Annual Awards event, held at Sandburn Hall, York, took place on Friday 3 November. Winners, their families and senior officers attended the event which celebrates the achievements of officers and staff who embody the force’s values of courage, compassion and inspiration.

PC Richard Farrar of York was the public choice winner on the night, following his courageous act to apprehend an armed thief singlehandedly, on a busy Saturday night in York city centre.

Talking about his award, PC Farrar said: “I am truly honoured, humbled and proud to be the public choice winner so thank you to all those who nominated me. I accepted the award in memory of my friend and colleague Nina Mackay from the Metropolitan Police, who was fatally stabbed in her course of duty 20 years ago almost to the day. This incident is a reminder of the risks that myself and police officers face in serving and protecting the public every day here in York, across the county and the country.

“Everyone is equally as worthy as me to be recognised for their efforts and I’d like to congratulate them all.”

Sergeant Simon Wilson of Northallerton was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for a Police Officer, for his ongoing commitment to supporting communities by setting up successful interventions to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour.

Mick Gill, force kennel manager at Solberge, was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for Police Staff for his 30 years of hard work caring for literally hundreds of police dogs.

Special Sergeant Phillip Brette of Stokesley was awarded the Glenn Goodman trophy for his exemplary work on cross border crime. This award – one of North Yorkshire Police’s premier honours – is given in memory of SC Glenn Goodman, who was tragically shot dead by an IRA gunman whilst on duty in Tadcaster in 1992.

Speaking about the ceremony, Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Dave Jones, said:

“It’s not every day that our officers, staff and volunteers get recognised for going above and beyond in what they do and so it’s an honour to celebrate the winners of this year’s awards.

“From those who have shown courage, compassion and inspiration in their day-to-day work to the colleagues who have made lifelong contributions to the service and the community we were humbled to see so many nominations for this year’s award and I am extremely proud of each and every one.

“As a police force we continue to operate in challenging times but these awards are a chance to remind ourselves of the remarkable dedication and sense of duty that is shown by those who work and volunteer for North Yorkshire Police.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, championed the idea of the Public Choice Award, three years ago, to allow the public to show their appreciation to those who go the extra mile.

She said: “I was delighted to support this award once more and to hear about the courage and compassion shown by the finalists. The public showed a tremendous amount of support and appreciation of those who went above and beyond, often in incredibly challenging and dangerous circumstances.

“It was an honour to be able to reveal PC Richard Farrar as the winner of the Public Choice Award, and what a deserved winner he is. He put himself in danger to protect the public from a repeat offender which resulted in a prison sentence. Given how outstanding the finalists were, this is a real accomplishment.

“And finally, I’d like to thank the public for their votes and also more widely, the support they give to the police. Without the public’s support, policing North Yorkshire would be all but impossible.”

North Yorkshire Police gratefully acknowledges the support of its sponsors for this event, who included: the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, CGA Accountants, the Police Federation, the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, ASB Help, NARPO and UNISON.

Posted on 6 November 2017 at 05:09pm in News stories
