```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-28T08:47:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-17T00:01:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 17 February, North Yorkshire Police launched Operation Owl - a new initiatives to tackle the illegal persecution of birds of prey in the North Yorkshire Countryside.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/02/Operation-owl.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police&#039;s Operation Owl tackles bird of prey persecution
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/talons-raptor-persecutors-north-yorkshire-police-launches-operation-owl/
title: It's "talons out" for raptor persecutors as North Yorkshire Police launches Operation Owl
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/talons-raptor-persecutors-north-yorkshire-police-launches-operation-owl/
```

Last modified: 28 September 2020 at 09:47am

Police are urging visitors to North Yorkshire’s countryside to get involved with Operation Owl - a new initiative to reduce the number of illegal attacks on birds of prey in the county.

Under the Wildlife and Countryside Act it is an offence to intentionally kill, injure or take wild birds. Nevertheless birds of prey (raptors) are still shot, poisoned and trapped – especially in areas where the land is managed for driven grouse shooting.

North Yorkshire has more confirmed incidents of raptor persecution than any other county in England – a situation that North Yorkshire Police is determined to tackle.

Launching on 17 February, Operation Owl is a joint initiative by North Yorkshire Police, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and the RSPCA, together with the North York Moors and Yorkshire Dales National Parks.

As part of the Operation, police will carry out checks on known raptor persecution hot-spots at random times to disrupt offender activity, and work with local landowners to make them aware of the legal position on raptor persecution. National Park volunteers will be trained to spot poisoned bait and illegal traps across the parks and the police are also calling on the public to be the eyes and ears of the police when out in the countryside.

North Yorkshire Police’s Chief Constable, Dave Jones, is the national lead on wildlife and rural crime, and the Force has what is believed to be the largest dedicated rural taskforce in the country.

Sergeant Kevin Kelly is part of that rural taskforce. He said:

“Our wonderful countryside is host to many specially-protected birds of prey such as peregrine falcons, red kites, buzzards and owls. It is absolutely unacceptable that people think they can ignore the law and subject these birds to poisonings, shootings, nest destruction and the illegal use of spring traps without consequence. We will be doing everything in our power to catch these offenders, supported by our colleagues in the RSPB and the volunteers in the national parks. But the area is huge, so the more eyes and ears we have on the ground the better. That’s why we’re asking the public to help.”

In particular, the police are asking the public to spot pole traps. Sergeant Kelly explained:

An officer explains what to look out for to members of the public

“Trappers are using spring-loaded traps on top of posts to capture birds of prey that land on top of the post. The bird can struggle for many hours before the trapper returns to kill them. These pole traps, as they are called, are illegal. We want the public to help us find these traps. We’re advising that anyone who sees a pole trap should “spring” it if they can do so safely, note the location, take a photo, and call the police on 101 to report it. Our wildlife officers will take it from there.”

Operation Owl will run for the next year, and North Yorkshire Police is hoping that the initiative will become a blueprint for other Forces where there is a high incidence of raptor persecution.

Said Sergeant Kelly:

“Like other forms of rural crime, raptor persecution is not a problem that the police can tackle alone. We need everyone involved. The weather will soon start to improve and more people will head out to the countryside. If everyone keeps their eyes open for illegal traps and poisoned bait, it will be a massive boost to our surveillance operation. This is a real opportunity to reduce the number of wild birds that suffer and die unnecessarily, and send a clear message to offenders that we will not tolerate this crime in our countryside.”

Commenting on Operation Owl, Guy Shorrock, RSPB Senior Investigations Officer, said:

‘The landscape of North Yorkshire attracts huge numbers of visitors every year. Unfortunately, it also has a terrible history for the illegal shooting, trapping and poisoning of birds of prey. We are proud to support North Yorkshire Police with this initiative and would ask people to report any concerns to them. If people want to speak in confidence about raptor persecution they can contact us on 0300 9990101.’

Andy Wilson, Chief Executive of the North York Moors National Park Authority, said:

The Op Owl team together before they head out on their patrols

“Raptors are beautiful. They are an essential part of our National Parks, but their numbers have been diminished over many years by persecution from shooting interests. We urge everyone to help prevent illegal persecution and welcome Operation Owl, which the National Park Authority is actively supporting.”

David Butterworth, CEO of the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority, said:

“The monitoring data, the number of confirmed persecution incidents and the absence of some species from large areas of potentially suitable habitat provide compelling evidence for an uncomfortable conclusion: illegal persecution is limiting the populations of some species of birds of prey in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. I’d like to appeal to the public to join in Operation Owl to help bring about the changes in attitudes that are so urgently needed. Only through collective action can the persecution be stopped.”

Watch the RSPB/North Yorkshire Police video.

Posted on 17 February 2018 at 12:01am in News stories
