```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T11:16:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-02T11:14:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Information sought regarding theft in Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-regarding-theft-northallerton/
title: Information sought regarding theft in Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-regarding-theft-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 11:16am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Northallerton.

It happened on Romanby Road just prior to Weavers Green between 8.00-8.10pm on Tuesday 23 February 2016 whereby a 17-year-old girl walking home towards the Romanby area of Northallerton had a carrier bag stolen from her hand by a male cycling past her.

The male on the cycle was heading in the same direction towards Romanby. No violence was offered or force used during this incident but it did leave the young victim shaken.

We are conducting enquiries and are appealing for information to identify the offender or seeking anyone who may of witnessed the incident or seen a cyclist fitting the description in the area just prior to the incident.

The male was described as wearing a black hooded top with his hood up riding a dark coloured cycle. Although the victim did not see the males face, he did shout back at her and from his voice the victim believes it was a young male possibly in his early twenties with a local accent.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1950 Topham. You can also email john.topham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160032533.

2 March 2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160032533

Posted on 2 March 2016 at 11:14am in News stories
