```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-04-05T15:34:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Last night\_(4 April 2017) the cadets took part in a dementia awareness presentation where they learned key facts about dementia, performed tasks and were asked to consider how they could turn their understanding into action in their local community. The learning was part of the\_Dementia Friends initiative\_launched by the Alzheimer&#8217;s Society. North Yorkshire Police signed [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/04/Scarborough-cadets-dementia-friends.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadets become Dementia Friends - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-volunteer-police-cadets-become-dementia-friends/
title: Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadets become Dementia Friends
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-volunteer-police-cadets-become-dementia-friends/
```

Last modified: 5 April 2017 at 03:34pm

Scarborough now has another 24 Dementia Friends thanks to 19 of the town's Volunteer Police Cadets and their leaders.

Last night (4 April 2017) the cadets took part in a dementia awareness presentation where they learned key facts about dementia, performed tasks and were asked to consider how they could turn their understanding into action in their local community.

The learning was part of the Dementia Friends initiative launched by the Alzheimer's Society. North Yorkshire Police signed up to the scheme to help officers, staff and volunteers become more dementia aware.

The initiative builds on the work North Yorkshire Police have carried out to launch the Herbert Protocol – a scheme that helps the police find people with dementia who have gone missing.

Sergeant Yvonne Taylor who is a Dementia Friend Champion and leads on dementia for North Yorkshire Police, delivered the session at cadet training night at Yorkshire Coast College.

She said: “Being able to recognise the signs of dementia is very important when we are interacting with members of the public and working to keep them safe.

"It's great that younger members of NYP can spread the word about dementia among their family and friends. The more people that have a little bit more understanding of dementia, the better it will be for everyone who lives with it. Scarborough cadets are a great bunch of young people and were very receptive to the training. They were a pleasure to be with."

Scarborough cadets have also adopted the Alzheimer's Society as their chosen charity during national Volunteer Week this June, and will be out and about raising funds.

North Yorkshire Police launched a Dementia Friends roadshow earlier this year to help raise awareness of dementia across the force.

The Alzheimer’s Society’s goal is to make four million people Dementia Friends by the year 2020 to help vulnerable people.

To find out more about Dementia Friends visit _www.dementiafriends.org_

To find out more about the Herbert Protocol visit _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/herbertprotocol_

Posted on 5 April 2017 at 03:34pm in News stories
