```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-17T16:43:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-18T00:01:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; &nbsp; &#8220;It is now 12 years since Claudia Lawrence disappeared. Over that time, North Yorkshire Police has conducted two extensive and exhaustive investigations in an attempt to find her. We have taken thousands and thousands of statements. We have searched numerous scenes, trawled through thousands of hours of CCTV footage and pursued numerous lines [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/03/Claudia-Lawrence-277x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Claudia Lawrence case 12th anniversary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-case-12th-anniversary/
title: Claudia Lawrence case 12th anniversary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-case-12th-anniversary/
```

Last modified: 17 March 2021 at 04:43pm

Detective Superintendent Wayne Fox, Head of the North Yorkshire Major Investigation Team, has released this video and statement to mark the 12th anniversary of the Claudia Lawrence case...

**" It is now 12 years since Claudia Lawrence disappeared.**

**Over that time, North Yorkshire Police has conducted two extensive and exhaustive investigations in an attempt to find her.**

**We have taken thousands and thousands of statements.**

**We have searched numerous scenes, trawled through thousands of hours of CCTV footage and pursued numerous lines of enquiry, in Yorkshire, in other parts of the UK and overseas.**

**We have consulted with experts in many different fields, including those in the National Crime Agency, and in the FBI.**

**We have also arrested and interviewed a number of people.**

**Sadly, we have not yet been able to find Claudia, or fully provide the answers that her family so desperately need.**

**In October last year, following the retirement of Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, I was appointed as the new Senior Investigating Officer in charge of the Claudia Lawrence case. I share his determination and sincerely hope that one day we will find Claudia and bring to justice those responsible for her suspected murder.**

**Today (18 March 2021), on the 12th anniversary of her disappearance, our hearts go out to Claudia 's loved ones; they have endured unrelenting anguish and trauma throughout this time. I want to express our sympathy and on-going support to Claudia's mother Joan, to her sister Ali, and to her many good friends. It is deeply sad that Claudia’s father Peter died just a few weeks ago, never knowing what happened to his daughter.**

**In my view, there are likely to be several people out there who either know or have strong suspicions as to what happened to Claudia. For whatever reason, they have maintained a silence for 12 years. That is an awfully long time to carry such a burden of guilt. The longer you carry it, the greater the anguish you are causing to Claudia 's family and friends. Please do the right thing, come forward and speak to me.**

**I also want to acknowledge the help we have received from the public. Whilst the amount of information has inevitably become less frequent over the passage of time, we continue to receive information through a variety of sources.**

**Some of this can be quickly discounted because of enquiries we have already made; but at other times, we receive information - sometimes anonymously - that appears extremely interesting and sparks a whole new line of investigation. **

**To the people providing this type of information, I urge you to get back in touch with as much detail as you know.**

**If you know something that could help us find Claudia, or those involved in her disappearance and suspected murder, please come forward. It is not too late.**

**I, and my team, are ready to pursue any positive and significant new line of enquiry that is brought to our attention. "**

**Report information …**

 * Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and pass details to the Force Control Room
 * Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court
 * Please quote “Claudia Lawrence” when providing details.
 * The key appeal points from the investigation are detailed on the North Yorkshire Police website –www.northyorkshire.police.uk/claudia

Posted on 18 March 2021 at 12:01am in News stories
