```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-13T14:25:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-13T14:17:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The woman spoke to two other women, who had young children with them, and who became aggressive towards her. One of the women then punched the victim in the face. Officers have carried out enquiries in the area and are appealing for information that could help them identify the suspect. The incident happened on the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman punched in face on Filey beach after asking family not to leave litter - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/filey-beach-assault/
title: Woman punched in face on Filey beach after asking family not to leave litter
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/filey-beach-assault/
```

Last modified: 13 August 2020 at 03:25pm

Police are investigating after a woman who asked a family not to leave litter on a Filey beach was assaulted.

The woman spoke to two other women, who had young children with them, and who became aggressive towards her.

One of the women then punched the victim in the face.

Officers have carried out enquiries in the area and are appealing for information that could help them identify the suspect.

The incident happened on the beach at around 6pm on Friday, 7 August. The victim, who is in her 50s, reported being in pain from the punch but did not sustain any major injuries.

Police are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, officers are appealing for information from anyone that has witnessed the lead up to the assault or can provide the identities of those involved.

The attacker was described as of Asian appearance and the woman she was with was described as black, and they were with a number of young children.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Bradley Robinson. You can also email Bradley.Robinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200135843.

Contact details:
 Bradley Robinson \- #0023
Bradley.Robinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30023
Incident reference:
 12200135843
Posted on 13 August 2020 at 03:17pm in Local appeals
