```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-19T10:50:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Selby have unveiled their latest tool to help curb alcohol fuelled disorder in the town.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Breathalysers set to help curb drink-fuelled disorder in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/breathalysers-set-to-help-curb-drink-fuelled-disorder-in-selby/
title: Breathalysers set to help curb drink-fuelled disorder in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/breathalysers-set-to-help-curb-drink-fuelled-disorder-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police in Selby have unveiled their latest tool to help curb alcohol fuelled disorder in the town.

Breathalysers have been given to door staff at a number of licensed premises to help stop people who have had too much to drink from getting in to bars and clubs.

While door staff will still use discretion over an individual's level of intoxication and whether or not they are in a fit state to enter their premises, a breath/alcohol reading of twice the drink drive limit or higher could greatly increase the chances of someone being refused entry.

Not everyone will be breathalysed, just those who are suspected of having already had too much to drink.

Sergeant Carol Kirk of Selby Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Being drunk makes people more vulnerable. Their judgment and perception become altered and they are more likely to act recklessly. The breathalysers will assist door staff when challenging people who they believe have drunk too much.

"Although licensed premises work hard to serve responsibly, this is not always an easy task when people drink at home before going out. This practice is known as 'pre-loading' and people can already be heavily intoxicated before even reaching a bar whilst being under the mistaken belief that they haven't had much alcohol at all.

"We want everyone to enjoy themselves when they are out for the evening, and not have their evening spoiled by people who lose control when they have drunk too much.

Selby is the latest area to use the devices. They have already been successfully introduced in York, Northallerton, Scarborough, Whitby and Malton.

Posted on 19 January 2016 at 10:50am in News stories
