```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-25T10:36:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Kingfisher Drive at 7.30pm on 23 June 2019 and involved a man being thrown from his motorbike after a car hit the bike&#8217;s rear wheel. The rider of the motorbike sustained minor injuries. The stretch of road was closed for two hours while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicles [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following recent assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-7/
title: Appeal following recent assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-7/
```

Last modified: 25 June 2019 at 11:36am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Pickering.

It happened on Kingfisher Drive at 7.30pm on 23 June 2019 and involved a man being thrown from his motorbike after a car hit the bike's rear wheel. The rider of the motorbike sustained minor injuries.

The stretch of road was closed for two hours while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicles to be recovered.

Arrests have been made in relation to the offence and suspects have been bailed pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for information about the driver of the vehicle, a gold-coloured Jaguar X Type. We are also appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicles prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Katie Walker. You can also email Katie.walker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190113354.

Contact details:
 Katie Walker \- #0021
katie.walker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30021
Incident reference:
 12190113354
Posted on 25 June 2019 at 11:36am in Local appeals
