```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-22T09:58:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At about 7.55pm on Monday 12 November 2018, two men entered the restaurant on the High Street. Both were wearing Hallowe\u2019en-type masks and carrying kitchen knives. They demanded money, leading staff to fear they would be stabbed, and made off with \xA3250. North Yorkshire Police investigated the robbery and, acting on community intelligence, identified two [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/LAMBERT-Joseph-Mark-10-02-93-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two men behind bars for restaurant knifepoint robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-behind-bars-for-restaurant-knifepoint-robbery/
title: Two men behind bars for restaurant knifepoint robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-behind-bars-for-restaurant-knifepoint-robbery/
```

Last modified: 22 October 2019 at 10:58am

Two men have been jailed for robbing a Chinese restaurant in Great Ayton.

At about 7.55pm on Monday 12 November 2018, two men entered the restaurant on the High Street. Both were wearing Hallowe’en-type masks and carrying kitchen knives. They demanded money, leading staff to fear they would be stabbed, and made off with £250.

North Yorkshire Police investigated the robbery and, acting on community intelligence, identified two suspects, Joseph Mark Lambert and Jamal Mohammed Rassidou. They were both arrested and subsequently charged with robbery and possessing an offensive weapon in a public place. Rassidou was also charged with possession of cannabis.

Lambert, 26, from Great Ayton and Rassidou, 20, from Stokesley, eventually pleaded guilty to the offences. On Thursday 17 October 2019 at York Crown Court, they were sentenced.

Lambert was jailed for a total of five years. Rassidou was sentenced to a total of 39 months’ detention in a young offender institution. They must both also pay a victim surcharge of £170, and court orders were made to forfeit the knives used in the robbery.

DS Chris Parker-Beagrie, of Northallerton CID, said: “This was a terrifying raid that left restaurant staff in real fear of being stabbed. Thanks to information and intelligence received from the local community, we were able to identify those responsible, and bring them to justice. The sentences they received will ensure the public is protected from these individuals.”

Posted on 22 October 2019 at 10:58am in News stories
