```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-06T12:37:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York are appealing for information after a car was set on fire on Christmas Eve.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Christmas Eve arson attack in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-eve-arson-attack-in-york/
title: Christmas Eve arson attack in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-eve-arson-attack-in-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police in York are appealing for information after a car was set on fire on Christmas Eve.

At around 10.35pm on 24 December 2014, the offender placed a green petrol container underneath a car parked on a drive in Chaloners Road and set it alight.

The fire service were called and thankfully the fire was extinguished quickly before it caused any considerable damage. However, the consequences could have been far more serious. The car sustained rear end damage as a result of the attack.

Detectives have carried out extensive enquiries in the area to locate the suspects are now appealing for the public's help.

They want to hear from anyone who saw anyone acting suspiciously, in particular anyone with a green container in the area of Chaloners Road on Christmas Eve. They are also appealing to anyone who has any other information that could help the investigation, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York CID. Or email yorkcid@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12140222374 when passing information

Posted on 6 January 2015 at 12:37pm in News stories
