```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:41:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-30T14:27:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued an e-fit and are appealing for witnesses and information after a robbery in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/11/efit-300x271.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Men try to steal dog in York robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/men-try-steal-dog-york-robbery/
title: Men try to steal dog in York robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/men-try-steal-dog-york-robbery/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:41pm

Police have issued an e-fit and are appealing for witnesses and information after a robbery in York.

The incident occurred between 11.30pm on Saturday 21 November 2015 and 12.30am on Sunday 22, on Stockton Lane, York, about 50 to 100 yards from the roundabout with the A1036.

The victim was walking his dog on Stockton Lane, when a white Transit-style van pulled up and three men jumped out and attacked him, and tried to steal his dog.

The van is described as having a significant scratch to the metalwork down the passenger side, extending from the side sliding door to the rear tail lights. The van had blacked-out windows on the back door, which was a hatchback-style lifting upwards rather than sideways.

The suspects are described as:

 * Male 1 - white, late 20s, of stocky build, approx. 5ft 8ins in height, short cropped dark hair. He was wearing a dark jacket with a small logo on the left chest area. The other two suspects referred to him as 'Johnny' or 'Joanie'. This man may also have a head injury which was sustained during the incident.
 * Male 2 - white, late 20s, of stocky build, approx. 6ft tall, short cropped dark hair. He was wearing a black denim jacket with a light coloured top underneath.
 * Male 3 - white, late 20s, quite stocky, approx. 6ft tall, short cropped dark hair. He was wearing a dark puffer jacket.

All the suspects are described as having strong Irish accents.

The victim received scratches and swelling to his head and face in the incident, but the dog was not taken.

Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the suspects. Anyone who recognises the descriptions or the suspect in the e-fit, or has any information that could assist the investigation, is asked to contact the police.

Please dial 101, select option 2, and ask for DC Mike McClarin or the York Serious Crime Team, or emailmichael.mcclarin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. Please quote North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150207813 when passing information about this incident.

**30 November 2015**

Posted on 30 November 2015 at 02:27pm in News stories
