```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-24T11:05:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-23T15:54:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The offences took place in the 80s and early 90s, in the North Yorkshire area and elsewhere, when the victim was aged between 12 and 14 years old. Ashleigh Pell, aged 66, of Pine Close, Skipton, was jailed for 18 years at Bradford Crown Court on 21 January 2019. The victim is his daughter, Rebecca [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/Ashleigh-Victor-Anthony-PELL-06-05-52.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Skipton man jailed for rape and indecent assault against daughter - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-man-jailed-for-rape-and-indecent-assault-against-daughter/
title: Skipton man jailed for rape and indecent assault against daughter
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-man-jailed-for-rape-and-indecent-assault-against-daughter/
```

Last modified: 24 January 2019 at 11:05am

A man has been jailed for 18 years after being convicted of rape and indecent assault against a young girl.

The offences took place in the 80s and early 90s, in the North Yorkshire area and elsewhere, when the victim was aged between 12 and 14 years old.

Ashleigh Pell, aged 66, of Pine Close, Skipton, was jailed for 18 years at Bradford Crown Court on 21 January 2019.

The victim is his daughter, Rebecca Pell, now aged 43, who first contacted North Yorkshire Police by email in 2017. Following the trial, she has bravely waived her right to anonymity.

While sentencing Pell, the judge commended Rebecca for her courage and strength in both reporting the matter to the police and giving her evidence in court.

The investigating officer, Detective Constable Nicky Wareham, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “I am immensely pleased with the outcome of this long and emotional investigation. It demonstrates that no matter how long ago this type of criminal offending took place, investigations of this kind can result in justice being served.

“I praise anyone who is able to come forward and report offences of this nature and would encourage others to do so in the knowledge that specialist support is available if required.”

If you are a victim of a sexual offence, it doesn’t matter when the abuse happened, whether it’s happening now or occurred decades ago. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available.

Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000
 * Please do not suffer alone - if you have been abused, please report it.

Posted on 23 January 2019 at 03:54pm in News stories
