```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-05T16:03:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 30-year-old Jamie Luke Ashton of Scarborough was convicted today (Thursday 5 December 2019) by a jury at York Crown Court, of wounding with intent and grievous bodily harm and handed a lengthy prison sentence. The court heard that in the early hours of Sunday 30 June 2019, Ashton violently attacked the woman, after sending her [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/ASHTON-Jamie-Luke-19111989-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Man who inflicted \u2018horrific\u2019 eye injuries on a woman is sent to prison for twelve and a half years - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-who-inflicted-horrific-eye-injuries-on-a-woman-is-sent-to-prison-for-twelve-and-a-half-years/
title: "Man who inflicted \u2018horrific\u2019 eye injuries on a woman is sent to prison for twelve and a half years"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-who-inflicted-horrific-eye-injuries-on-a-woman-is-sent-to-prison-for-twelve-and-a-half-years/
```

Last modified: 5 December 2019 at 04:03pm

A man who inflicted eye injuries on a woman, described by a detective as ‘the most horrific he’s ever seen’, has been jailed for twelve and a half years.

30-year-old Jamie Luke Ashton of Scarborough was convicted today (Thursday 5 December 2019) by a jury at York Crown Court, of wounding with intent and grievous bodily harm and handed a lengthy prison sentence.

The court heard that in the early hours of Sunday 30 June 2019, Ashton violently attacked the woman, after sending her a relentless barrage of abusive WhatsApp messages.

He repeatedly punched his victim in the face, causing her a fractured eye, fractured nose and a split eye lid. The attack has left the woman with permanent loss of sight in one of her eyes.

He then fled the scene of the assault, but was tracked down and arrested a few hours later by North Yorkshire Police.

Despite extensive forensic and phone evidence, Ashton continually denied causing the woman any injury. However, after hearing the evidence, the jury returned a unanimous guilty verdict.

Commenting on the case and the sentence handed to Ashton, Detective Constable Jon Kenworthy of Scarborough and Ryedale CID said:

“Firstly I would like to commend the bravery and strength of the victim throughout the investigation and court process. While we realise that the sentence given to Ashton today cannot take away the pain and trauma he has caused her, I hope it can provide some closure on a horrific experience and help her and her family to move forward to more positive times.

“Ashton’s violence and sustained attack on this woman was sickening and the injuries he caused her are some for the most horrific eye injuries I have ever seen in my career. Throughout the investigation, he continually denied his involvement in the attack. However, today a jury unanimously found him guilty. He now has a lengthy prison sentence ahead of him, to reflect on the hell and suffering he has cause the victim and her family.

“I hope this sentence also send out a message to other victims of violence; we take all reports of violence and abuse incredibly seriously and we will do our upmost to safeguard you and bring those who cause harm to justice.”

You can report all incidents of violence and abuse to North Yorkshire Police on 101, or in the case of an emergency always dial 999.

If you do not want to talk to the police, help, advice and support is still available by contacting IDAS (www.IDAS.org.uk) or Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire (www.supportingvictims.org)

Posted on 5 December 2019 at 04:03pm in News stories
