```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-07T15:24:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-07T15:22:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "She was 70-year-old\_Jackie Lamb from Settrington, near Malton. Jackie\u2019s family have released the following statement: &#8220;Norman, Vicki, Nicholas Lamb and their families are devastated at the loss of Jackie Lamb in this tragic accident. \u201CJackie was a much loved wife, mother, grandmother, sister, aunt, great aunt and friend to many.\_ She was a well known [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/08/Jackie-Lamb-07082017-cpd-300x289.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman who died in collision on A64 near Scagglethorpe is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-died-collision-a64-near-scagglethorpe-named/
title: Woman who died in collision on A64 near Scagglethorpe is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-died-collision-a64-near-scagglethorpe-named/
```

Last modified: 7 August 2017 at 04:24pm

Police are now in a position to name the woman who sadly died in the collision on the A64 near Scagglethorpe on Monday 31 July 2017.

She was 70-year-old Jackie Lamb from Settrington, near Malton.

Jackie’s family have released the following statement:

"Norman, Vicki, Nicholas Lamb and their families are devastated at the loss of Jackie Lamb in this tragic accident.

“Jackie was a much loved wife, mother, grandmother, sister, aunt, great aunt and friend to many. She was a well known and much loved figure in Settrington and beyond. She was a founding member of the tennis club and she will be sorely missed for her many unsung acts of social charity.

“The family ask for privacy at this difficult time.”

Police continue to appeal for any witnesses to the collision, which occurred on the A64 near Scagglethorpe at 3pm Monday 31 July 2017, to contact them, to help determine the circumstances around the incident.

Three vehicles were involved in the collision - a black Kia Sportage, a silver Hyundai i20 and a red Citroen Berlingo.

Anyone who saw the vehicles prior to the collison, or anyone with any further information which could assist the investigation is asked to dial 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to the Major Collision Investigation Team. Alternatively you can email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170135141 when passing on information.

**Original appeal issued Tuesday 1 August 2017 at 12.50pm
****
Police appeal after woman in her 70s dies in A64 collision**

A Ryedale woman in her 70s has died following a three-vehicle collision on the A64 near Scagglethorpe.

Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident, which happened at around 3pm yesterday (31 July, 2017).

It involved a black Kia Sportage, a silver Hyundai i20 and a red Citroen Berlingo, which the woman who died was driving.

The Kia had been travelling east towards Scarborough and the other vehicles west towards Malton.

A West Yorkshire man in his 70s who was in the Kia was also seriously injured and taken to hospital, where he remains today.

The two people travelling in the Hyundai – a man and woman also in their 70s from the Ryedale area – suffered minor injuries and were taken to hospital by ambulance.

Traffic Constable Zoe Billings, who is investigating the incident, said: “I’d appeal for anyone who witnessed the collision itself, or who saw any of the vehicles shortly before it happened, to get in touch with police.

“I’d also ask lorry drivers or anyone else who may have dashcam footage to make contact, as it may greatly help our investigation.

“This is clearly a difficult time for all those involved, and specially-trained family liaison officers are offering support to the family of the woman who has died.”

Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team.

You can also email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170135141 when passing on information.

Posted on 7 August 2017 at 04:22pm in News stories
