```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:52:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-31T14:51:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses to a serious collision on the A1 motorway northbound carriageway on the morning of Saturday 31 October 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after three injured in A1 collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-three-injured-a1-collision/
title: Appeal after three injured in A1 collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-three-injured-a1-collision/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:52pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses to a serious collision on the A1 motorway northbound carriageway on the morning of Saturday 31 October 2015.

It happened at around 7.10am between the junctions at Boroughbridge and Dishforth when a dark green Mini Cooper left the road and came to rest on its side.

The three occupants of the Mini all sustained serious injuries in the collision.

The driver, a 21-year-old man, and a 20-year-old woman passenger were both taken to Leeds General Infirmary by road ambulance. A second passenger, a 24-year-old man, was airlifted to James Cook hospital in Middlesbrough.

Police are appealing to anyone who saw a dark green Mini travelling north along the A1 before the collision and to anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts at Harrogate Roads Policing Group or emailrob.roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The northbound carriageway was closed to allow emergency services to attend to the casualties and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened again at around 11.15am. At one point both carriageways were closed to allow the air ambulance to land.

Officers have thanked members of the public who stopped at the scene to provide assistance.

31 October 2015

Posted on 31 October 2015 at 02:51pm in News stories
