```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-03T09:53:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties. \_\u201CSpecials\u201D as they are known, come from all walks of life and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Recruiting Special Constables - join the team! - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recruiting-special-constables-join-team/
title: Recruiting Special Constables - join the team!
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recruiting-special-constables-join-team/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2017 at 10:53am

North Yorkshire Police has launched a campaign to recruit more Special Constables.

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties.

“Specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and backgrounds, which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their full-time colleagues.

The force is actively encouraging applicants from black and minority ethnic backgrounds, and people who are looking for a new challenge, but want to remain in their current careers.

Special Chief Officer, Sharron Moverley-Holmes, who has been a Special Constable for over 30 years, said: “We are looking for people who have a good team working ethos and good communication skills who want to make a difference in their communities.

“Being a Special Constable is not easy, it takes time and commitment, but the rewards are immense. It’s also great way to develop your personal skills and experience. I guarantee you will be challenged, but you will also get a great sense of satisfaction, knowing that you have made life better for people or helped them in their time of need. We would also love to hear from people who would be happy with a long-term commitment to being a special.”

Chief Constable Dave Jones, who is also the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s lead for Citizens in Policing, added: “The history of the Special Constabulary can be traced back 100s of years and here at North Yorkshire Police we have a great tradition of volunteering with hundreds of dedicated volunteers who go the extra mile to support our communities.

“It’s one of the most interesting, demanding, but rewarding volunteer roles you can do. North Yorkshire Police is also expanding the opportunities available within our Special Constabulary. So you can get involved in specialist areas of policing, expand your skill set and take up opportunities for further development. You’ll be part of the policing family and a very friendly and enthusiastic organisation where you will truly make a difference.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said: “Specials are an important part of the policing family and their role is one of the most challenging and rewarding voluntary roles possible. Not only do specials make an enormous contribution in helping their communities be safe and feel safe, but through their role they will get to meet new friends and develop many skills that will serve them very well in their other careers.

“If you want to make a real difference by forging a vital link between your community and the police, then this is the volunteer role for you.”

**Training**

Specials go through a rigorous training programme before they qualify to go out on the beat where they cover a wide range of duties from policing public events, to attending emergency incidents.

They can also choose to undertake further training and specialise in a particular area of policing such as public order, (policing protests, football matches etc), roads policing and joining our Rural Task Force.

Training can take up to two years. Initial training takes around 19 weeks and involves weekend training sessions that culminate in a week-long course to consolidate everything the students have learnt.

Students who successfully complete this initial training will then be attested – which means they swear an oath in front of a Magistrate - and are issued with their warrant cards and uniform.

They then spend up to two years on the beat under the guidance of their tutor constable as a probationer Special Constable. During this time they must successfully complete a file of evidence of their experience called Student Officer Learning and Assessment Portfolio (SOLAP).

**Webchat**

We are holding a webchat on 19 July between 6pm and 7pm to enable potential recruits to ask any questions they may have. Visit northyorkshire.police.uk/webchat to join in.

Closing date for recruitment is 18 August 2017.

To find out more, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/specials

**Case study**

North Yorkshire Police’s Special Sergeant Rod Winter, specialises in roads policing. Here he told us what he does and why he does it.

My role is as a dedicated roads policing special. Sometimes this involves working with regular roads policing officers which helps me build my knowledge and skills in the field by getting involved in specialist areas such as managing and investigating collisions, but it also helps me stay up-to-date on changes in the more day-to-day aspects of roads policing. I also work on my own, pro-actively focusing on a specific aspect of road safety such as speeding, mobile phone use, seatbelts or drink driving, but responding when needed to minor collisions or other non-traffic related incidents. Some of the most rewarding shifts involve running ‘mini operations’ with other specials as part of a specific event or campaign.

**Why did you become a special?** I joined just after I finished university and moved to North Yorkshire to start work. I felt I wanted to build a stronger relationship with the area I had moved to rather than simply living and working there, and always gained huge satisfaction from ‘helping others’. I had often considered joining the police but decided that becoming a special was the ideal way to pursue my professional career whilst yet still satisfying my interest in policing and community involvement.

**What skills do you bring to the role and what does your work involve?** Having been a special for over 20 years now I have probably brought a variety of different skills to the job over time, but throughout my time as a special I have a passion for what I do, I take pride in doing it to a high standard and enjoy sharing my skills and knowledge with others.

**What have you gained from being a special?** Inevitably I have learned a lot of detailed aspects of the law which I would not otherwise have been exposed to, but I have also learned a lot about people – people from various backgrounds and circumstances who might think and behave differently from those who we would otherwise meet in day to day life.

**What is the reality of volunteering like compared to what you had expected?** The Special Constabulary has become very professionally managed – even in the years since I joined I can see significant changes – improvements – the investment by the force into us is greater, but the benefit is that the capabilities of the Special Constabulary has increased. This is vital for us, as members of the public don’t really know or care that we are volunteers – they see a police officer wearing an identical uniform to regular paid officers and have the same expectations of us as they do all police officers.

**What is your proudest achievement as a special?** My proudest achievement is probably receiving the Glenn Goodman award in 2016. The trophy is awarded each year to an outstanding special constable in memory of Special Constable Glenn Goodman, who was shot dead by an IRA gunman whilst on duty in Tadcaster in 1992. But I am also particularly proud when I am asked for advice and guidance by regular officers in areas where I am seen as more knowledgeable and experienced, and when I am treated as ‘part of the team’ by members of a close-knit regular shift and invited to join them in social activities.

**What is the best thing about volunteering?** The prime motivation for me is helping people and having a positive effect on individuals or communities. My day job in a large, global company is all about making (or saving) money. Being a special allows me to satisfy a human desire to help people and in my current role dedicated to roads policing, I have the real potential to save lives through the combination of education and enforcement.

**What’s the biggest challenge?** The biggest challenge I face is reminding myself that I can’t do everything! I can’t help everyone; I can’t detect every offence; I can’t catch every criminal; and I can’t prevent every accident or injury. I’m just proud to be part of an organisation that can and does make a difference and the challenge I set myself is how best to maximise my contribution.

**What advice would you give to someone considering volunteering for the police?** Do it! There are many good reasons for volunteering for the police – whatever yours is, provided you are willing to make the investment in time you are sure to find it rewarding.

Posted on 3 July 2017 at 10:53am in News stories
