```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-14T12:05:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police were contacted at 10.55am Saturday 11 January 2020 with a report that a car, which had been travelling on the Buttertubs Pass near to the village of Thwaite, had left the road. Emergency services attended the incident, along with Swaledale Mountain Rescue who, due to the final positioning of the car, offered their specialist [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following a fatal single vehicle collision on the Buttertubs Pass - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-fatal-single-vehicle-collision-on-the-buttertubs-pass/
title: Appeal for witnesses following a fatal single vehicle collision on the Buttertubs Pass
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-fatal-single-vehicle-collision-on-the-buttertubs-pass/
```

Last modified: 14 January 2020 at 12:05pm

Police are appealing for witnesses who may of seen a black Land Rover Defender travelling on the Buttertubs Pass on Saturday morning, to contact them.

Police were contacted at 10.55am Saturday 11 January 2020 with a report that a car, which had been travelling on the Buttertubs Pass near to the village of Thwaite, had left the road.

Emergency services attended the incident, along with Swaledale Mountain Rescue who, due to the final positioning of the car, offered their specialist assistance. However despite the efforts of all involved, sadly the driver, a local man in his fifties, died at the scene.

Police are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the vehicle in the moments prior to the collision to contact them. The vehicle, which is quite distinctive, is described as black Land Rover Defender with a white roof and silver canopy.

Speaking about the appeal Traffic Sergeant Mark Patterson from the Major Collision Investigation Unit said:

“Members of the public who were travelling along that section of road on Saturday morning, may hold vital information which will help us to determine the circumstances around the incident.

“If you were in the area at the time and saw the Land Rover, I’d ask you to contact us, as the smallest amount of information may help us piece together exactly what has happened, in order for the car to leave the road.

“I’d also like to thank the Swaledale Mountain Rescue team for their assistance with this incident. Their skills and knowledge of the area have enabled my team to conduct and full and thorough investigation of the collision site.”

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or saw the vehicles manner of driving prior to it leaving the road, is asked to dial 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to the Major Collision Investigation Team.

You can also email Mark.Patterson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk , Gemma.Brett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk – please quote reference 12200006045.

Posted on 14 January 2020 at 12:05pm in News stories
