```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-07T11:17:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident was reported at 1.44am on the morning of Friday 7 October 2016. Thieves used a JCB digger, which had been stolen from Scrayingham on Thursday, to remove the cash machine. The JCB was found abandoned in the middle of the road with the engine running. \_ Another vehicle, a blue Mitsubishi L200 pick-up [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of cash machine from Asda in Malton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-cash-machine-asda-malton/
title: Appeal following theft of cash machine from Asda in Malton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-cash-machine-asda-malton/
```

Last modified: 7 October 2016 at 11:17am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for information following the theft of a cash machine from Asda on Norton Road in Malton.

The incident was reported at 1.44am on the morning of Friday 7 October 2016.

Thieves used a JCB digger, which had been stolen from Scrayingham on Thursday, to remove the cash machine. The JCB was found abandoned in the middle of the road with the engine running.

Another vehicle, a blue Mitsubishi L200 pick-up was also involved in the incident. This vehicle was reported stolen from Buttercrambe on 5 October 2016 and has since been recovered.

The cash machine has been found in the Malton area.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to the incident and have also issued an appeal to help piece together the movements of the JCB between the evening of 6 October and 2am on 7 October. Anyone who saw a JCB in the area or saw one in unusual circumstances in asked to contact the police urgently.

They are also appealing to anyone who has any information about the theft of the Mitsubishi pick-up from Buttercrambe on 5 October, and anyone who can help piece together its movements over the past two days.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Scarborough Serious Crime Team.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160182372 when passing on information.

Posted on 7 October 2016 at 11:17am in News stories
