```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T09:33:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-10T23:51:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Figures for hate crime are relatively low in North Yorkshire, but it&#8217;s believed this is due to people either not being aware that they have been subject to a crime or reluctance to report it. DCC Tim Madgwick, who recently flew the York Pride flag over North Yorkshire Police HQ, said &#8220;North Yorkshire Police takes [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police reassure the public &#039;you will be listened to&#039; - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-reassure-public-will-listened/
title: North Yorkshire Police reassure the public 'you will be listened to'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-reassure-public-will-listened/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 09:33am

With the recent report from the University of Leicester highlighting that hate crime is an everyday occurrence for some members of our communities North Yorkshire Police is keen to encourage people to come forward and not to suffer in silence.

Figures for hate crime are relatively low in North Yorkshire, but it's believed this is due to people either not being aware that they have been subject to a crime or reluctance to report it.

DCC Tim Madgwick, who recently flew the York Pride flag over North Yorkshire Police HQ, said "North Yorkshire Police takes all forms of hate crime extremely seriously. Everyone has a right to live without fear - being who you are is not a crime - but being threatened or harassed because of it is."

"I would urge people, if you have been subjected to any form of hate crime - please report it. There are a number of very accessible routes you can choose. You can report it to North Yorkshire Police, but if you do not feel comfortable to do this and wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the Supporting Victims service or Stop Hate UK. It is important that you tell someone what has happened and receive the relevant support"

Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan said "We know that hate crime is under-reported but the reasons for this are not clear. In my Police and Crime Plan, I have also set out a clear objective for improvements to be made in response to feedback from the public. I know the police are taking this very seriously and that once the North Yorkshire specific report I have commissioned is finalised, further improvements to the service will be made. In the meantime, it is important for people to report incidents to the police, or if they feel they'd rather talk to someone independent, they can call Supporting Victims on 01904 669276 . The team are trained to ensure victims get the help they need."

Hate crime is described as being subjected to verbal abuse, harassment, threats, intimidation, physical abuse or vandalism because of your race or ethnicity, religion or beliefs, sexual orientation, disability or gender identity. Its affects can be devastating on individuals and communities, leaving people feeling isolated and alone.

To report a hate crime in North Yorkshire there are a number of different options you can take:

If it is an emergency and you are under immediate threat or attack - call 999. Alternatively you can contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

The Supporting Victims service can also help. Launched in April this year, the unit provides independent support for anyone affected by crime, whether reported or not. They can be contacted on 01904 669276 or via their website www.supportingvictims.org

Another route for reporting hate crime is via the new 24-hour telephone helpline which has also recently been launched to assist victims. Stop Hate UK is staffed by trained operators 24 hours a day is available on 0800 138 1625. An online chat service is also available athttp://www.stophateuk.org/talk-to-us

Posted on 10 July 2015 at 11:51pm in News stories
