```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-08T16:55:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-08T16:44:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "This has taken longer than first anticipated\_due to the amount of research and analytical work undertaken by a small team when trying to identify people they require elimination DNA from as part of the familial DNA process. It has involved travelling around the UK to try and obtain DNA by consent from people who have [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Claudia-new-pic-used-sept-09-277x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Claudia Lawrence case review: Familial DNA forensic investigation work completed - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-case-review-familial-dna-forensic-investigation-work-completed/
title: 'Claudia Lawrence case review: Familial DNA forensic investigation work completed'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-case-review-familial-dna-forensic-investigation-work-completed/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2018 at 04:55pm

North Yorkshire Police can confirm the familial DNA forensic investigation work has now been completed in relation to the Claudia Lawrence investigation review.

This has taken longer than first anticipated due to the amount of research and analytical work undertaken by a small team when trying to identify people they require elimination DNA from as part of the familial DNA process.

It has involved travelling around the UK to try and obtain DNA by consent from people who have similar DNA profiles to the unidentified samples recovered during the investigation.

There has also been work done to reconstruct Claudia’s DNA from various sources for elimination purposes.

**Claudia Lawrence**

Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, the senior investigating officer in the case and Head of the Cleveland and North Yorkshire Major Investigation Team, said: “While these enquiries have been worthwhile and necessary to the investigation, they concluded without identifying a possible suspect or suspects from the DNA analysis.

“However, it demonstrates that we will continue to use forensic and other investigative work to progress this review.”

Det Supt Malyn added: “This is naturally very frustrating for the investigation team and our thoughts are very much with Claudia’s family who remain desperate for a breakthrough. The family have been updated about the completion of this work.

“As I have said before, the investigation will always remain open and we still receive information on a weekly basis that requires assessment and follow-up.

“People who have still yet to come forward who have visited Claudia’s house or been in her car for any reason, should still do so in the confidence that we can eliminate them against the outstanding DNA profiles.”

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and pass details to the Force Control Room quoting "Claudia Lawrence".

Alternatively, contact **Crimestoppers anonymously** on **0800 555 111** and quote “ **Claudia Lawrence, North Yorkshire Police** ”.

For more information about the Claudia Lawrence investigation, please go to the North Yorkshire Police website **https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-investigation/ **

Posted on 8 November 2018 at 04:44pm in News stories
