```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-12T14:54:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened between 12pm and 4pm on Sunday 11 February at an address on Rectory Lane when the offenders are believed to have gained entry via an insecure window to the property. A metal safe containing several items of sentimental value to the victim were stolen. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following house burglary in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-house-burglary-skipton/
title: Appeal for witnesses following house burglary in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-house-burglary-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Skipton.

It happened between 12pm and 4pm on Sunday 11 February at an address on Rectory Lane when the offenders are believed to have gained entry via an insecure window to the property.

A metal safe containing several items of sentimental value to the victim were stolen.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular officers would like to hear from anyone who noticed anyone carrying what looked like a safe in the area at the time or has been offered any of the following items for sale:

 * A Georgian set of silver tea spoons, Georgian silver sugar tongs, Georgian silver toddy ladle.
 * Small ruby and diamond ring.
 * Boxed World War 2 Navy Medals.
 * 1 x Silver Metal Gryphon shaped First World War cap badge with the words '11th Battalion Border Regiment' .
 * 1 x Brass metal Gryphon shaped First World War cap badge with the words '11th Battalion Border Regiment'.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the offenders and to trace the stolen property.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ben Brittain. You can also email ben.brittain266@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180024554.

Contact details:
 Ben Brittain \- #0266
ben.brittain@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30266
Incident reference:
 12180024554
Posted on 12 February 2018 at 02:54pm in Local appeals
