```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-17T12:43:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are warning that robust action will be taken following eight days of high level anti-social behaviour in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Spate of high-level anti-social behaviour in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spate-high-level-anti-social-behaviour-york/
title: Spate of high-level anti-social behaviour in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spate-high-level-anti-social-behaviour-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police are warning that robust action will be taken following eight days of high level anti-social behaviour in York.

There have been more than twenty five incidents of anti-social behaviour in the Chaplefields area between 9 August and 16 August.

The nature of the incidents, have included anti-social use of mopeds and motorcycles, arson, drug use and criminal damage.

The groups of youths, sometimes up to thirty in number, causing this hazardous disruption have also been using threatening and abusive language towards residents and the police.

Circumstances of some of the more serious reports involved a flat window being forced open and fireworks thrown inside, a youth threatening an officer with a piece of wood a group climbing onto the school roof, where the skylight has been previously smashed by a group of the youths.

The incidents have taken places across various locations in the area including Bramham Road, Bramham Avenue, Chaplefields Road, Westfield Place and Barkston Grove.

A dispersal order is going to be implemented at 5pm today which will last for 48 hours. The dispersal order will cover an area of Bramham Road which includes the junction of Brkston Grove, and another area of Bramham Road which covers costcutter and the junctions either side of Bramham avenue.

Inspector Lee Pointon of the York North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said:

“ The levels of anti-social behaviour this group are committing is just astonishing and they are causing so much misery amongst the community in Chaplefields.

“Many residents, including the elderly and vulnerable, have felt intimidated, have been verbally abused, and are scared in their own home. This is totally unacceptable behaviour.

“These youths are ruining what should be a respectable community enjoying the summer months and school holidays. Instead, we are seeing this group of defiant individuals who have no intentions other than to be nasty, cause desolation and despair amongst the public.

“My team of officers and PCSOs are working hard to identify these youths and exercise the powers we can to deter them from this anti-social behaviour.

“A dispersal order will be put in place today that will last for 48 hours. Anyone who breaks the order will be arrested. If the order is deemed successful, it will be continued throughout next week”.

Anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour or who has any information is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 1 and speak to the force control room.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 17 August 2017 at 01:43pm in News stories
