```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-17T16:11:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-16T13:17:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Chief Constable Dave Jones QPM has announced his decision to retire from policing after nearly 32 years of distinguished service.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/Chief-Constable-Dave-Jones-QPM-300x211.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Chief Constable retires from North Yorkshire Police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constable-retires-north-yorkshire-police/
title: Chief Constable retires from North Yorkshire Police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constable-retires-north-yorkshire-police/
```

Last modified: 17 April 2018 at 05:11pm

Chief Constable Dave Jones QPM has announced his decision to retire from policing after nearly 32 years of distinguished service.

CC Jones was appointed as Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police in 2013. Although officers customarily retire at 30 years of service, CC Jones accepted an extension to his tenure in 2016 in order to provide continuity of leadership to North Yorkshire Police at a time of other retirements in the chief officer team.

Before joining North Yorkshire Police, CC Dave Jones had previously served at Greater Manchester Police, where he held a series of senior positions. In 2008 he was promoted to Assistant Chief Constable in the Police Service Northern Ireland, where he was named NI Chartered Manager of the Year – a rare award for a serving police officer.

In 2016 CC Dave Jones took temporary charge of South Yorkshire Police during a turbulent phase for that Force, to provide stable leadership whilst a new Chief was recruited.

On 1 January 2017 he was awarded the Queen’s Police Medal for Distinguished Service in the New Year Honours List.

During his time as Chief Constable, Dave Jones has led North Yorkshire Police through a challenging period for policing, and ambitious change within the Force itself. In announcing his retirement, CC Dave Jones said:

“I have been proud to serve the community for nearly 32 years, but it is now time to step back and be with my family.

“I have always believed that neighbourhood policing is the bedrock of the police service, and that community approach is absolutely embedded at North Yorkshire Police. The Force is also firmly on the road to a modernised service, with developments in mobile technology now rolling-out across the frontline, and more still to come.

“However policing does not stand still, and North Yorkshire Policing is about to start the next phase in its transformation. This seemed like the right time for me to hand over the baton to a new leader, who can take the service on this new stage of the journey.

“I have said before that families play an absolutely crucial role in allowing police officers to do the best job in the world. I’d like to pay tribute to my family for the fantastic support they have given me over the years. I am very much looking forward to spending more time with them in my retirement.

“I’d also like to pay tribute to my colleagues at North Yorkshire Police, and the wider service for their dedication and commitment to keeping people safe, and making North Yorkshire one of the safest counties in England.”

Commenting on CC Jones’ decision to retire, Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, said:

“It was with great regret that I have accepted Dave Jones’ decision to retire, but I completely understand and respect his wish to spend more time with his family.

“I selected Dave Jones for the role of Chief Constable because of his impressive record of service in some of the most challenging environments in the UK, his clear determination, and his very deep commitment to community policing. He promised to be a formidable leader, and he has absolutely lived up to that promise. His personal leadership and commitment to North Yorkshire Police – and the wider police service – has been exceptional, and he has done a great job in very challenging times.

“He leaves with the respect and best wishes of colleagues in our county and beyond. Policing – and North Yorkshire Police in particular – will miss him greatly.”

CC Sara Thornton CBE QPM, Chair of the National Police Chiefs’ Council, said:

“I would like to thank Dave for his tremendous contribution to policing nationally. In particular he has led the National Police Chiefs' Council work on citizens in policing and rural crime. He has been a board member of our staff association for many years, supporting colleagues through tough times, and he has been a committed and active member of Chiefs' Council. The readiness with which he transferred to South Yorkshire Police when they urgently needed help impressed all those involved. He was insightful, energetic and completely selfless.”

In accordance with CC Jones’ wishes, he will step down immediately. North Yorkshire Police’s current Deputy, Lisa Winward, will assume temporary command until a permanent Chief Constable is recruited.

Said PCC Julia Mulligan:

“DCC Winward is a highly respected and experienced chief officer, and I am confident that the Force is in very safe hands. By the end of the month we will appoint a deputy to backfill DCC Winward’s position on an interim basis, and I will carry out an open and transparent recruitment process for a permanent Chief Constable as soon as possible.”

Posted on 16 April 2018 at 02:17pm in News stories
