```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T09:42:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-14T20:08:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued a warning about bogus callers after a man claiming to be a TV licensing official targeted a pensioner in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Pensioner targeted by fake TV licensing officer in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pensioner-targeted-fake-tv-licensing-officer-scarborough/
title: Pensioner targeted by fake TV licensing officer in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pensioner-targeted-fake-tv-licensing-officer-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 09:42am

Police have issued a warning about bogus callers after a man claiming to be a TV licensing official targeted a pensioner in Scarborough.

The man called at the home of a 76-year-old woman on Fulford Road at around 8pm on 30 July 2015. He flashed a shiny badge which said TV Licensing on it and said he needed the woman's National Insurance number due to a dispute over her licence.

The man insisted on entering the house but the woman did not let him in. She told him to come back the next day and she would have everything ready for him.

At around 11am the following day the man returned and the victim let him in before giving him her National Insurance number.

The woman doesn't think the man took anything from her home but contacted the police as she is concerned that her National Insurance number is in the wrong hands.

The man is described white, aged in his mid-40s, around 5ft 10in tall, with short, black, greying hair and a clean-shaven face. He was smartly dressed in a thick, grey knitted jacket with leather patches and black trousers.

Officers are urging residents to be vigilant and be careful about who they let into their homes.

For more information and advice about guarding against doorstep crime, visit www.northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk/boguscallers

If you have any information about this incident, or have been approached in similar circumstances call North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150131920 when passing information about this incident.

**14 August 2015**

Posted on 14 August 2015 at 08:08pm in News stories
