```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-01-17T17:00:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Four Scarborough men have been sentenced to a total of 40 years imprisonment following an armed robbery at a property in the town. During the early hours of Thursday, 19 July the offenders entered the property on Middle Walk and threatened a man in his 40s with a machete, before assaulting him. The victim suffered [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Four Scarborough men sentenced following armed robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-scarborough-men-sentenced-following-armed-robbery/
title: Four Scarborough men sentenced following armed robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-scarborough-men-sentenced-following-armed-robbery/
```

Last modified: 17 January 2019 at 05:00pm

Four Scarborough men have been sentenced to a total of 40 years imprisonment following an armed robbery at a property in the town.

Four Scarborough men have been sentenced to a total of 40 years imprisonment following an armed robbery at a property in the town.

During the early hours of Thursday, 19 July the offenders entered the property on Middle Walk and threatened a man in his 40s with a machete, before assaulting him. The victim suffered an injury above his eye which required hospital treatment.

Numerous electrical items including a large widescreen TV and sound bar, X-box and X-box games were taken during the incident.

Officers attended the scene and within several hours arrests had been made in connection with the robbery. The men were remanded in custody until earlier this week when they attended York Crown Court.

On Monday, 14 January, Connor Osbourne, 20 of Oxcliff, and Joshua Ireland, 26 of Woodland Place, pleaded guilty to robbery. On the same day a 19-year-old man, who cannot be named at this time, pleaded guilty to robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.

Damien Meredith, 26, of Springfield pleaded not guilty to robbery but was found guilty following a two day trial at York Crown Court which concluded earlier today (Thursday, 17 January).

The following sentences have been handed to those involved:

Damien Meredith – 11 years imprisonment for robbery.

Connor Osbourne – 8 and a half years imprisonment for robbery.

Joshua Ireland – 9 years imprisonment for robbery.

A 19-year-old man, who cannot be named at this time – 11 and a half years imprisonment for robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.

Detective Constable David Adams from Scarborough CID, said: “I am pleased that these four men are now off the streets for a considerable amount of time and to see justice done for the victim, who showed immense bravery in standing up to the offenders.”

“Crimes involving weapons, particularly knives, is understandably a concern to the public but I would like to reassure the North Yorkshire community that incidents of this nature are exceptionally rare and when they do happen, as demonstrated in this case, officers will act quickly to protect the public from harm.

“I hope the sentences passed today send a message to those involved or who are potentially thinking of committing offences involving weapons to think again. Crimes of this nature not only harm the victim and the community in which they occur but being handed such a lengthy sentence ruins the life of the offender.”

Posted on 17 January 2019 at 05:00pm in News stories
