```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T14:17:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A cycle safety campaign will launch in York this month, as North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council urge cyclists to stay safe on the roads.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bike light campaign aims to keep York cyclists safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bike-light-campaign-aims-keep-york-cyclists-safe/
title: Bike light campaign aims to keep York cyclists safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bike-light-campaign-aims-keep-york-cyclists-safe/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A cycle safety campaign will launch in York this month, as North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council urge cyclists to stay safe on the roads.

In a series of high-profile operations over the coming weeks, officers will be targeting the minority of cyclists in York who cause a danger to themselves and others by cycling without lights during hours of darkness, as well as those who cycle on footpaths.

They will also be available to speak to cyclists to provide them with advice and education on cycling safely.

As part of the campaign, City of York Council has funded high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights. They will be offered to young people and other vulnerable people who would otherwise have to walk home if they were forced to continue their journey without lights. Officers will continue to issue tickets for cycling offences if necessary.

A similar operation in October 2015 saw 36 Traffic Offence Reports issued to cyclists without lights on in just a few hours.

PCSO Chris Turner, of York Police, said: “The nights are getting much darker now, and it is really important that cyclists take their safety on the roads seriously. Having lights on your bike which are in good working order is essential to ensure that other road users can see you and drive accordingly.

“This operation has in the past been well-received by cyclists, pedestrians and motorists. Thanks to our joint work with City of York Council, cyclists who put themselves and others at risk can be educated and sent on their way, not just with a ticket or fine, but also with the means to get home safely if they are vulnerable.”

City of York Council Executive Member for Transport and Planning, Cllr Ian Gillies, said: “It’s always important for cyclists to be aware of dark mornings and evenings, especially with the clocks going back at the end of the month. This joint initiative is now in its third year and is a real positive move to educate cyclists about the importance of being clearly visible on the road. I urge all those who do cycle to forward plan and ensure they have working lights that they check regularly and bright clothing.”

Posted on 17 October 2016 at 02:17pm in News stories
