```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-11T18:39:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-11T18:24:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "They were arrested in the Clifton Ings area on the morning of Tuesday 11 August 2020 following proactive policing activity in the area. They have since been released on conditional police bail to allow further enquiries to be carried out. \u201CCounty Lines\u201D is the term used to describe a form of organised crime where criminals [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two arrested in York as police continue crack down on county lines - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrested-in-york-as-police-continue-crack-down-on-county-lines/
title: Two arrested in York as police continue crack down on county lines
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrested-in-york-as-police-continue-crack-down-on-county-lines/
```

Last modified: 11 August 2020 at 07:39pm

A man from Sheffield and a woman from London, both 19, were arrested in York today as police continue to crack down on county lines drug dealing.

They were arrested in the Clifton Ings area on the morning of Tuesday 11 August 2020 following proactive policing activity in the area.

They have since been released on conditional police bail to allow further enquiries to be carried out.

“County Lines” is the term used to describe a form of organised crime where criminals based in urban areas travel to smaller county towns to sell drugs. They often force young or vulnerable people to travel and sell the drugs for them. It takes its name from the phone lines used by organised crime gangs to advertise their drugs for sale.

##### **Cuckooing**

##### An issue of concern in North Yorkshire is the practice of “cuckooing” where county lines drug dealers take over a vulnerable person’s home to store their drugs and cash and use it as base for dealing drugs.

##### This usually involves identifying vulnerable people such as drug addicts, or people who are vulnerable due to mental or physical health impairments, single mothers and female sex workers. The dealers then coerce, and sometimes threaten the vulnerable person into allowing them to take control of their home so they can use it to store and sell drugs.

##### They usually stay in a property for a short time before moving on to new premises.

##### Information from members of the public is vital to help us piece together the picture of offending across North Yorkshire. We therefore urge anyone to contact the police if they suspect it’s going on in their area.

##### **The signs to look out for include:**

 * ##### Increased callers at a property

 * ##### Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time

 * ##### Different accents at a property

 * ##### Increased antisocial behaviour at a property

 * ##### Not seeing the resident for long periods of time

 * ##### Unfamiliar vehicles at the property

 * ##### Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

 * ##### DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is involved in drug dealing. Please report it to the police on 101, or to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. If a person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

Posted on 11 August 2020 at 07:24pm in News stories
