```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-12T14:29:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-12T14:05:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; The Rejected stalker:\_ This scenario will often arise following the breakdown of a close relationship. Victims are usually former sexual intimates; however family members, close friends, or others with a very close relationship to the stalker can also become targets of rejected stalking. The stalker is usually either attempting to reconcile the relationship or [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/shutterstock_1038245110-1024x640.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "The Incompetent Suitor, the resentful stalker and the intimacy seeker\u2026 would you recognise these signs? - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-incompetent-suitor-the-resentful-stalker-and-the-intimacy-seeker-would-you-recognise-these-signs/
title: "The Incompetent Suitor, the resentful stalker and the intimacy seeker\u2026 would you recognise these signs?"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-incompetent-suitor-the-resentful-stalker-and-the-intimacy-seeker-would-you-recognise-these-signs/
```

Last modified: 12 March 2019 at 02:29pm

Former partner, relative, neighbour or colleague – even though in some scenarios a stalker can be a complete stranger to their victims, in 96% of cases victims will know their stalker in some capacity. Here, we share the different types of stalkers to help victims, and their friends and family, recognise the signs.

**The Rejected stalker:** This scenario will often arise following the breakdown of a close relationship. Victims are usually former sexual intimates; however family members, close friends, or others with a very close relationship to the stalker can also become targets of rejected stalking. The stalker is usually either attempting to reconcile the relationship or get revenge for feeling rejected. They may look like they are unbothered about the victim or they may appear to want the relationship back, while at other times they are clearly angry and want revenge on the victim. In some cases, the stalker will maintain their behaviour because stalking becomes a substitute for the past relationship as it allows them to continue to feel close to the victim. In other cases, the behaviour is maintained because it allows the stalker to salvage their damaged self-esteem and feel better about themselves.

**The Resentful stalker:** Resentful stalking arises when the stalker feels as though they have been mistreated or that they are the victim of some form of injustice or humiliation. Victims are usually strangers or acquaintances who are seen to have mistreated the stalker. The stalker will have developed paranoid beliefs about the victim and uses stalking as a way of ‘getting back’ at them or to ‘even the score’. The stalker’s behaviour is maintained by the sense of power and control that they get from inducing fear in the victim. Often resentful stalkers present themselves as a victim who is justified in using stalking to fight back against an oppressing person or organisation.

**The Intimacy Seeking stalker:** Intimacy Seeking stalking arises out of a context of loneliness. Victims are usually strangers or acquaintances who become the target of the stalker’s desire for a relationship. The stalker may have delusional beliefs about the victim, such as the belief that they are already in a relationship, even though none exists. The initial motivation is to establish an emotional connection and an intimate relationship and the stalking is maintained by the satisfaction that comes from the belief that they are closely linked to another person.

**The Incompetent Suitor:** The Incompetent Suitor stalks out of loneliness or lust and targets strangers or acquaintances. Unlike intimacy seeking stalking, however, their initial motivation is not to establish a loving relationship, but to get a date or a short term sexual relationship. Incompetent suitors usually stalk for brief periods, but when they do persist their behaviour is usually maintained by the fact that they are blind or indifferent to the distress of victim.

**The Predatory stalker:** Predatory stalkers are usually male and victims are usually female strangers in whom the stalker develops a sexual interest. The stalking behaviour is usually initiated as a way of obtaining sexual gratification but can also be used a way of obtaining information about the victim leading up to a sexual assault. In this sense, the stalking is both instrumental and also rewarding for those stalkers who enjoy the sense of power and control that comes from targeting the usually unsuspecting victim.

**For help & support**

If you recognise any of the behaviours described in this article, even if it’s happening to someone you know, help is available. You will find the website addresses and telephone numbers of organisations that provide help and support for people affected by harassment and stalking on: northyorkshire.police.uk/stalking

**Report stalking or harassment**

If you wish to report incidents of stalking or harassment, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or if it’s an emergency, always call 999.

With thanks to the Stalking Risk Profile for allowing us to use their descriptions to raise awareness of the types of stalkers. To find out more please visit their website.

Posted on 12 March 2019 at 02:05pm in News stories
