```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:36:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-02T08:16:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for help in identifying a group of boys they believe are responsible for physically assaulting a 12-year-old girl in the Clifton Moor area of York. The incident occurred at around 9pm on Monday, 30 July, when the victim was walking alone. The girl was pushed to the ground and where she was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to identify young men on bikes as part of assault appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-identify-young-men-on-bikes-as-part-of-assault-appeal/
title: Appeal to identify young men on bikes as part of assault appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-identify-young-men-on-bikes-as-part-of-assault-appeal/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:36am

Officers are appealing for help in identifying a group of boys they believe are responsible for physically assaulting a 12-year-old girl in the Clifton Moor area of York.

Officers are appealing for help in identifying a group of boys they believe are responsible for physically assaulting a 12-year-old girl in the Clifton Moor area of York.

The incident occurred at around 9pm on Monday, 30 July, when the victim was walking alone. The girl was pushed to the ground and where she was assaulted suffering injuries to her face, knee and stomach.

Officers are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and are appealing for help to identify those involved.

Officers are keen to identify six boys seen on bikes in the area around the time of the incident.

Three of the boys are described as:

1\. White male, aged approximately 18-years-old, around 5ft 10in tall, of muscular build with a short stubble beard which was dark in colour and short dark hair. He was wearing a Nike cap with a white tick on the front, dark coloured baggy tracksuit bottoms and a black puffer jacket. He was riding a bike which was described as an old mountain bike.

2\. White male, aged 16-17-years-old, around 6ft in height, of slim build with red marks on face – possible acne. He was wearing a black Adidas cap with three white stripes down the peak and a black Adidas tracksuit with white stripes. He was carrying a black rucksack on his back and he was riding a new looking red racer bike.

3\. White male, aged about 16-years-old, around 5ft 8ins in height, of average build, with blonde hair which included very distinctive long sideburns and an unshaven complexion. He was wearing a navy blue Bike cap which a small metal tick on the front, a navy coloured ‘Gym King’ tracksuit, white ‘Huarache’ Nike trainers and carrying a ‘Hugo Boss’ bag. He was riding an old mountain bike which was described as rusty and had a neon yellow strip along the top frame.

Anyone who has information which may assist with the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting reference 12180141548. If you wish to provide information anonymously then please contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Contact details:
 Amy Foster \- #1116
amy.foster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31116
Incident reference:
 12180141548
Posted on 2 August 2018 at 09:16am in Local appeals
