```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-26T06:48:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Lee John McDonald, aged 35, of no fixed abode but with family links in Goole, was jailed on 23 December 2017 after pleading at York Magistrates\u2019 Court to a series of thefts from retail outlets in Selby. He was also issued with a three-year Criminal Behaviour Order which became effective following his release from prison [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Lee-John-McDonald-dob-12-11-1982-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Criminal Behaviour Order: Prolific shoplifter banned from Selby stores following release from prison - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/criminal-behaviour-order-prolific-shoplifter-banned-from-selby-stores-following-release-from-prison/
title: 'Criminal Behaviour Order: Prolific shoplifter banned from Selby stores following release from prison'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/criminal-behaviour-order-prolific-shoplifter-banned-from-selby-stores-following-release-from-prison/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police in Selby are raising awareness about a prolific shoplifter who has served a prison sentence.

Lee John McDonald, aged 35, of no fixed abode but with family links in Goole, was jailed on 23 December 2017 after pleading at York Magistrates’ Court to a series of thefts from retail outlets in Selby.

He was also issued with a three-year Criminal Behaviour Order which became effective following his release from prison on 26 June 2018. The order will be in place until 16 January 2021.

This is to ensure McDonald’s behaviour is managed and enables the police to publicise the order within the local community to deter further criminal activity.

As well as coverage in the local media, shops and businesses are also being made aware of his release from prison.

Posters including McDonald’s photograph have been distributed to retailers and are now on display.

The local retail outlets that McDonald is prohibited from entering include:

 * Co-op
 * Aldi
 * Wilkinsons
 * Sainsbury’s
 * Tesco
 * Morrisons
 * Savers
 * Home Bargains
 * Boots
 * Superdrug
 * WHSmith
 * Yorkshire Trading
 * Wetherells
 * Argos
 * Homebase
 * B&M
 * Farmfoods

PC Amanda Butler, of the Selby Community Safety Hub, said: “John Lee McDonald is known to the retailers in Selby for his prolific offending behaviour.

“He has a brazen attitude of entering retail premises and taking whatever he wants without making any payment.

“If he is confronted by the shop staff, they are subjected to verbal abuse which is also intimidating due to his size, demeanour and reputation.”

PC Butler added: “McDonald has no meaningful connections to Selby and therefore has no valid reason to come to the town or the district.

“The Criminal Behaviour Order will help to put an end to the alarm and misery he has caused in Selby.

“Working closely with the members of Selby Against Retail Crime and the wider community, we will use every available power to deal with such prolific offenders.”

If you suspect Lee John McDonald is disobeying the order and have any relevant information about his behaviour, please contact North Yorkshire Police immediately on 101, select option 1 and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170226018 when providing information.

Posted on 26 June 2018 at 07:48am in News stories
