```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-11T14:56:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision involving an ambulance, a bus and a car on the A64 near York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Updated: Serious collision on A64 involving ambulance and bus - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-serious-collision-on-a64-involving-ambulance-and-bus/
title: 'Updated: Serious collision on A64 involving ambulance and bus'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-serious-collision-on-a64-involving-ambulance-and-bus/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision involving an ambulance, a bus and a car on the A64 near York.

The collision occurred at about 8.30pm on Friday 10 April on the A64 near the Flaxton junction, east of York.

The driver of the ambulance was pronounced dead at the scene. Police believe the ambulance was not being driven by a paramedic or member of ambulance staff at the time of the collision. The ambulance involved in the collision was a private ambulance.

The driver of the double-decker bus has been taken to hospital with serious, but not life-threatening injuries.

There were 16 passengers on the bus, five of whom have been taken to hospital for treatment. Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

A third vehicle involved in the collision, a Toyota Yaris, contained two people, one of whom was taken to hospital as a precaution.

The A64 remains closed while collision investigators examine the scene, and will remain closed for some time. Motorists are asked to avoid the A64 near York. Police will issue an update on social media when the road is due to reopen.

Police are asking anyone who witnessed the incident, or either of the vehicles involved prior to the collision, to contact the police. Dial 101, press option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 556 of 10 April.

Posted on 11 April 2015 at 02:56pm in News stories
