```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-28T12:42:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Reece Reynolds, 21, from Larkhill Walk, Gledhow in Leeds, was part of a so-called \u201Ccounty lines\u201D gang \u2013 criminals who move into an area and exploit vulnerable people in a bid to sell drugs. Accomplices Jordan Page, 20, from Broom View, Belle Isle, Leeds, and Jaqueline Hawkins, 50, of West Avenue, Filey, were sent to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Reece-Reynolds-230597.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Out-of-town heroin pusher jailed for almost a decade after detectives bring down Scarborough drugs plot - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/out-of-town-heroin-scarborough/
title: Out-of-town heroin pusher jailed for almost a decade after detectives bring down Scarborough drugs plot
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/out-of-town-heroin-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 28 August 2018 at 01:42pm

A heroin pusher who was arrested when detectives foiled an out-of-town drug plot in Scarborough has been jailed for nine-and-a-half years.

Reece Reynolds, 21, from Larkhill Walk, Gledhow in Leeds, was part of a so-called “county lines” gang – criminals who move into an area and exploit vulnerable people in a bid to sell drugs.

Reece Reynolds: Jailed

Accomplices Jordan Page, 20, from Broom View, Belle Isle, Leeds, and Jaqueline Hawkins, 50, of West Avenue, Filey, were sent to prison for three-and-a-half years and two years, three months respectively.

Police caught Page and Hawkins in possession of 39 wraps of cocaine and 30 wraps of heroin in April this year.

Jordan Page: Jailed Jacqueline Hawkins: Jailed

They were travelling in a taxi from Hawkins’ home in Filey into Scarborough when officers pulled over the vehicle and conducted searches.

Reynolds was then arrested at Hawkins’ home. He had more than £1,000 cash in his possession and a mobile phone which detectives believe was used to deal drugs.

All three were sentenced by a judge at York Crown Court on Friday. The court heard that Reynolds led the operation, with the other two going out in Scarborough with the intention of dealing class A drugs on his behalf.

Reynolds was found guilty, following a trial, of possession with intent to supply heroin and crack cocaine. Page and Hawkins pleaded guilty to the same offence at earlier hearings.

After the sentencing, Detective Constable Darrel Temple, who led the investigation at Scarborough Serious Crime Team, said: “The sentences handed down to Reynolds, Page and Hawkins that individuals caught in North Yorkshire dealing class A drugs will face severe consequences for their actions.

“So-called ‘county lines’ drug dealing is an issue which continues to have a negative impact on individuals and communities in Scarborough and North Yorkshire Police will actively target the people at the source of this problem.”

Posted on 28 August 2018 at 01:42pm in News stories
