```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-13T13:25:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: More than 80 vehicles were stop-checked and 13 people arrested during a major North Yorkshire Police operation to tackle rural and cross-border crime.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/ophawkinfographic.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Major success as Operation Hawk clamps down on travelling criminals - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/major-success-as-operation-hawk-clamps-down-on-travelling-criminals/
title: Major success as Operation Hawk clamps down on travelling criminals
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/major-success-as-operation-hawk-clamps-down-on-travelling-criminals/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

More than 80 vehicles were stop-checked and 13 people arrested during a major North Yorkshire Police operation to tackle rural and cross-border crime.

The hard-hitting crackdown on travelling criminals saw dozens of officers take to the roads in the Scarborough and Ryedale areas.

From 3pm on 12 February through to 3am today, Operation Hawk patrols stopped and checked 83 vehicles, issued eight Fixed Penalty Notices and a Cannabis Warning, and seized one uninsured vehicle.

Cannabis, MCat and cash were also recovered as a series of warrants were executed across the area. In total, Operation Hawk officers made 13 arrests - nine in Scarborough and Ryedale - and also assisted with road traffic collisions and the search for a missing person. Valuable intelligence on rural crime was also shared with local Watch volunteers.

Operation Hawk is our campaign to tackle rural and cross-border crime, and is already showing results: there were 5,709 incidents of rural crime in North Yorkshire in 2014, down from 6,341 in 2013.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, who leads on Operation Hawk, said: "We launched Operation Hawk to send a clear message to travelling criminals - if you come to North Yorkshire to commit crime, we will catch you.

"Our area is one of the safest places in the country, and we are determined to keep it that way - so we will keep up the tough stance shown by Operation Hawk.

"Rural communities can be reassured that these operations will continue until travelling criminals get the message that they are not welcome in North Yorkshire."

https://youtube.com/watch?v=kg_Boqdv7aA%3Frel%3D0

Members of the public can help Operation Hawk by reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111

Posted on 13 February 2015 at 01:25pm in News stories
