```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-22T17:08:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The assault took place\_on Hobb Moor near to Hob Stone Court between 8.20 and 8.30am on Tuesday\_13 November 2018\_and involved a 14-year-old boy. The 14-year-old was on his way to school when he was assaulted by a man who was\_cycling along the cycle path near to Hob Stone Court. The\_man \_clipped the back of the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault on teenager in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-teenager-in-york/
title: Appeal following assault on teenager in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-teenager-in-york/
```

Last modified: 22 November 2018 at 05:08pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Hobb Moor, near to Hob Stone Court, York.

The assault took place on Hobb Moor near to Hob Stone Court between 8.20 and 8.30am on Tuesday 13 November 2018 and involved a 14-year-old boy.

The 14-year-old was on his way to school when he was assaulted by a man who was cycling along the cycle path near to Hob Stone Court. The man clipped the back of the victim’s bike tyre and then became verbally abusive before stopping the victim. He then punched the 14 year old boy in the jaw.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and are appealing for information which would assist officers to identify the man who assaulted the teenage boy.

The man is described as a white male, aged between 30 -35, skinny build with ginger hair. He was wearing blue cycle shorts and blue jumper. He was on a black coloured road bike which had panniers on the back of the bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Amanda Popely. You can also email Amanda Popely@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180212175.

Date [22/11/2018]

Contact details:
 Amanda Popely \- #0063
amanda.popely@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30063
Incident reference:
 12180212175
Posted on 22 November 2018 at 05:08pm in Local appeals
