```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-20T15:20:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-20T14:33:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "About to commence its sixth year in 2018, the Lifestyle Challenge a runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 &#8211; 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to give something back to their communities. The winning teams from last year\u2019s challenge, including [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Lifestyle-Challenge-winners-2017-4.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Lifestyle Challenge winners enjoy adventure holiday prize at Bewerley Park - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-challenge-winners-enjoy-adventure-holiday-prize-at-bewerley-park/
title: Lifestyle Challenge winners enjoy adventure holiday prize at Bewerley Park
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-challenge-winners-enjoy-adventure-holiday-prize-at-bewerley-park/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2018 at 04:20pm

The young winners of North Yorkshire Police’s 2017 Lifestyle Challenge attended a five-day residential activity holiday at Bewerley Park last month as part of their prize for taking part.

About to commence its sixth year in 2018, the Lifestyle Challenge a runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 - 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to give something back to their communities.

The winning teams from last year’s challenge, including young members from ‘Team TBJ’, the ‘Northern Ninjas’, ‘Team Random’, ‘Team Salutem Pullae’, ‘The Sunflowers’, ‘York Unicorns’ and ‘Friends to Unicorns’, were also accompanied by their adult advisors.

The-five day programme included a woodland trail, canoe journey, mountain biking, climbing at Brimham Rocks, caving, high ropes, zip wire, climbing wall, shelter building and bush craft.

They learnt and developed valuable life skills - working together as teams, building relationship and taking part in challenging but rewarding activities.

Commenting on the week, the adult advisors who accompanied the young people, said:

‘Thank you so much for all your help. The Northern Ninjas had an amazing week! It was a really lovely treat for them’

‘Our girls and adult helpers had a truly fabulous time!’

‘Thank you for a brilliant week, I think it's safe to say all of group 1 had an amazing time’

‘Thank you for a great week away, I enjoyed as much as the kids!’

‘My thanks again for a great week, I spoke with a couple of adult of adult supervisors and all have said the same that it pushed them out of their comfort zone but it was so much fun doing it. More importantly the whole experience from start to finish has given me the opportunity to spend some quality time with my daughter, that for me is was the best part of it all’

Sergeant Neil Northend of North Yorkshire Police, who oversees the Lifestyle Challenge on behalf of North Yorkshire Police, said:

’It is so rewarding to see that everyone enjoyed themselves, they did so well with the Lifestyle Challenges and this was their reward for making such a huge difference in their communities’

‘I would like to thank our ‘every day heroes’ - the young people, adult advisors, sponsors, Neighbourhood Policing Teams, Police and Crime Commissioner, youth officers, partner agencies and staff at Bewerley Park for their support with Lifestyle as this would not happen without them.

‘Lifestyle Challenge 2018 is taking place this year – look out for information through your schools, on social media, and our website.’

Registration is open until Sunday 8 July for anyone aged between 10 to 17 years old and living in North Yorkshire to take part in Lifestyle Challenge 2018.

The teams that take part are asked to think of a project that they can carry out over the summer holidays that is of benefit to someone or something in North Yorkshire. They then have until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they do in a log book provided by the police.

The log books are then submitted for judging, with the winners attending a glittering awards ceremony in November to receive their prizes.

A number of sponsored challenges will help give teams ideas for projects:

 * Suzanne Asquith – **‘Dream Come True’ Challenge**
 * Police and Crime Commissioner - **Community Safety Challenge**
 * Shepherd Group - **Conservation Challenge**
 * Eboracum - **Security Challenge**
 * Energi - **Be ‘Fit and Healthy’ Challenge**
 * CNG Ltd - **Energy 'Sustainability' challenge**
 * High Sheriff of North Yorkshire - **Harm Reduction Challenge**

To find out more and to register for the 2018 Lifestyle Challenge, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle or e-mail LifeStyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. You can also follow Lifestyle on twitter @NYP_Lifestyle or North Yorkshire Police’s Youth Team on Twitter at @YouthTeamNYP.

Posted on 20 June 2018 at 03:33pm in News stories
