```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-19T09:26:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The group of 27 celebrated the completion of their initial 18-week training course at a passing out ceremony on Friday (13 July 2018) hosted by Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward. She said: \u201CIt was a pleasure and very proud moment to see our latest recruits successfully complete their initial training. They are now ready for [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Regulars-2-passing-out-130718-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Force welcomes 56 new police officers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-welcomes-56-new-police-officers/
title: Force welcomes 56 new police officers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-welcomes-56-new-police-officers/
```

Last modified: 19 July 2018 at 10:26am

27 new police officers are now ready for action across North Yorkshire and another 29 have stepped into the classrooms they've left behind.

The group of 27 celebrated the completion of their initial 18-week training course at a passing out ceremony on Friday (13 July 2018) hosted by Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward. She said: “It was a pleasure and very proud moment to see our latest recruits successfully complete their initial training. They are now ready for the next stage of their careers as they go out into our communities under the guidance of their tutors. They can now look forward to a career like no other that will require resilience, courage and compassion but will be hugely rewarding.

27 new officers at their passing out parade on 13 July

T/CC Winward also acknowledged the part families play in supporting officers, adding: “Policing is a challenging job, and the support of family and friends is extremely important, so I would like to thank them for their contribution and the sacrifices they have made to support our new recruit’s careers so far and in the future.”

The new officers bring a variety of life experience to the job with former careers ranging from film-makers to probation officers, project managers to former police control room staff. A number of the new recruits have also gained policing experience through volunteering as special constables and have now realised their dream of becoming full-time police officers. They will be based in the following locations: York (7), Harrogate (5), Scarborough (6), Selby (3), Northallerton (3), Richmond (1), Catterick (1), Stokesley (1)

With no let up for the force’s training department, another 29 brand new officers were sworn in on Monday morning (16 July 2018). They are now at the very beginning of their initial 18-week training course. T/CC Winward said: “I’m delighted to welcome another intake of new trainees to the force. These new officers are as a result of our recruitment campaign to reach out to under-represented groups and communities and I am pleased to report that as a result we’ve seen the highest ever number of successful applications from minority groups. I wish them the best of luck with their training and their journey to one of the most exciting and rewarding careers there is.”

29 brand new trainee police officers on their first ever day at North Yorkshire Police

She added: "It is really important that our police service is diverse and inclusive to enable us to deliver the best possible service to our communities and we will continue to support and welcome applicants from minority groups throughout our future recruitment campaigns for both police staff and officer posts. So if you are interested in a career in policing get in touch."

A further cohort of trainee officers will start their training in September.

Posted on 19 July 2018 at 10:26am in News stories
