```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-16T21:40:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-16T21:31:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Two North Yorkshire Police officers feature in the Queen\u2019s Birthday Honours of June 2017."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Karen-Warner-300x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police officers receive Queen&#039;s Birthday Honours - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-officers-receive-queens-birthday-honours/
title: North Yorkshire Police officers receive Queen's Birthday Honours
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-officers-receive-queens-birthday-honours/
```

Last modified: 16 June 2017 at 10:40pm

Two North Yorkshire Police officers feature in the Queen’s Birthday Honours of June 2017.

Detective Inspector Karen Warner will receive the Queen’s Policing Medal for distinguished service. Over nearly 30 years, Karen has devoted her career to safeguarding children and adults who have been victims of child abuse, neglect, serious sexual crimes and domestic abuse. She is also a trained negotiator, and has worked as a Family Liaison Officer and Coordinator – a role which saw her work with families affected by many of the region’s highest profile criminal cases and disaster incidents.

Commenting on the QPM award, Karen said: “People sometimes ask me what it is like to have worked in safeguarding for so long, because it is a demanding and emotional area to work in. But early on in my career I was fortunate to find my niche in working with, and on behalf of, victims and their families. As an Officer, I often meet people at the worst possible time, and the fact that they have allowed me into their lives to work with them in such difficult circumstances has always been a privilege. I’m really humbled by this award, which is as much for my family and colleagues as it is for me. I’ve had the opportunity to work with dedicated colleagues within the police and other agencies, and I’m so lucky to have the support of my children and my family. Without their support I would have been unable to do what I do.

Retired Police Constable Jonathan Rushton will receive an MBE for services to policing in the Birthday Honours, following a public nomination. Jonathan left North Yorkshire Police in October 2016, after a career which saw him work in a wide range of policing roles, including as part of a specialist dive team, and as a lead PolSA (an expert in crime, missing person and counter terrorism people searches). Jonathan received his citation for his work in coordinating and supporting volunteer search and rescue teams in the region, which he did for more than five years.

Speaking about his MBE, Jonathan said: “I am absolutely delighted. Search and rescue teams are unpaid volunteers, but they have a pivotal role to play in an investigation, so you need that bond of trust between the search teams and the police. I’m proud that I helped to build that relationship in North Yorkshire. I’ve moved on from the police service now, but it is a great end to my police career and I am humbled to receive this award.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Chief Constable Dave Jones said: “Karen and Jonathan are a great credit to North Yorkshire Police. They have both demonstrated the very highest standards of professionalism and a tireless commitment to keeping people safe – which is what policing is all about. I congratulate them both on receiving these awards in this year’s Queen’s Birthday Honours.”

Posted on 16 June 2017 at 10:31pm in News stories
