```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-03T09:53:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-02T16:16:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Check that all your doors and windows are locked &#8211; even if you\u2019re only popping out for a minute. Fit deadlocks to all outside doors &#8211; burglars hate them because you need a key to open them from the inside as well [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Summer-security-tips3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 14 tips for keeping your home secure - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-tips-for-keeping-your-home-secure-this-summer/
title: 14 tips for keeping your home secure
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-tips-for-keeping-your-home-secure-this-summer/
```

Last modified: 3 January 2019 at 09:53am

Many crimes happen on the spur of the moment, with thieves often taking advantage of an open window or valuables left on display in a car. However, by taking a few simple steps, you can avoid many of these crimes.

 1. Check that all your doors and windows are locked - even if you’re only popping out for a minute.
 2. Fit deadlocks to all outside doors - burglars hate them because you need a key to open them from the inside as well as the outside.
 3. Make sure that neither your house keys nor your car keys are in sight nor easy reach of your windows or doors, and that you don't keep them in an obvious place in the house.
 4. Fit key-operated locks to all the windows - burglars don't like having to break glass because of the noise it makes and the risk of leaving forensic evidence.
 5. Install a visible burglar alarm, and turn it on whenever you leave the house.
 6. Don’t hide spare keys outside, or in the garage or shed - burglars always look there.
 7. Leave the lights and the radio on a timer for the evening when you’re out, so it looks like someone is in - you can buy a timer for as little as £2 from DIY shops.
 8. If it's dark outside draw the curtains.
 9. Make sure thieves can't get into your garden by ensuring that there's a good fence surrounding the house and the side gate is sturdy and padlocked - so it will take more than a good kick to get through it.
 10. Make sure your garden shed and garage is also locked.
 11. Don’t leave ladders or tools outside, which someone could use to get into the house.
 12. Make sure that valuables like laptops can't be seen from the window.
 13. Don’t leave any cash lying around or any documents with your name, address or other personal details, such as a bank statement or utility bill, which fraudsters could use.
 14. If you’re going on holiday, make sure you arrange for a friend or neighbour to collect the post and put the bins out.

For more advice about being vigilant against burglars and ensuring your property is secure at all times visit North Yorkshire Police’s online Safety and Security Advice centre at northyorkshire.police.uk/crimeprevention

Posted on 2 July 2018 at 05:16pm in News stories
