```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-13T11:11:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-13T10:11:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on the footway leading past the Beach Cafe heading away from the beach and involved a man with a young son who were walking their spaniel. During the incident the spaniel was bitten by another dog, leaving a puncture wound. The suspect dog is described as similar to the spaniel in size but [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following dog bite incident on coast - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dog-bite-reighton/
title: Appeal following dog bite incident on coast
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dog-bite-reighton/
```

Last modified: 13 August 2020 at 12:11pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident involving a dog in Reighton Gap near Filey.

It happened on the footway leading past the Beach Cafe heading away from the beach and involved a man with a young son who were walking their spaniel.

During the incident the spaniel was bitten by another dog, leaving a puncture wound.

The suspect dog is described as similar to the spaniel in size but stockier and black and white in colour, and is reported as having been in company with four adults and a child.

The incident happened at 4pm on Saturday, 4 July 2020 but was not reported to police until some weeks later.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the circumstances leading to the dog bite and the identity of those involved..

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ben Stanyon. You can also email Ben.Stanyon857@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200126042.

Contact details:
 Ben Stanyon \- #0857
Ben.Stanyon857@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30857
Incident reference:
 12200126042
Posted on 13 August 2020 at 11:11am in Local appeals
