```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-05-29T17:45:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It occurred just after 9pm on Bank Holiday Monday, 25 May 2020. A 21-year-old local man received substantial injuries to his face which required 50 stitches at hospital. Another 21-year-old man suffered a cut hand in the incident, and a 17-year-old girl was allegedly assaulted and threatened with a broken bottle. Police arrested a 17-year-old [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/05/APPEAL-FACEBOOK-SCARBOROUGH-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Scarborough appeal: Alleged bottle attack at Falsgrave Park under investigation - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-appeal-alleged-bottle-attack-at-falsgrave-park-under-investigation/
title: 'Scarborough appeal: Alleged bottle attack at Falsgrave Park under investigation'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-appeal-alleged-bottle-attack-at-falsgrave-park-under-investigation/
```

Last modified: 29 May 2020 at 06:45pm

Police in Scarborough are appealing for witnesses and information about an alleged bottle attack in Falsgrave Park.

It occurred just after 9pm on Bank Holiday Monday, 25 May 2020.

A 21-year-old local man received substantial injuries to his face which required 50 stitches at hospital.

Another 21-year-old man suffered a cut hand in the incident, and a 17-year-old girl was allegedly assaulted and threatened with a broken bottle.

Police arrested a 17-year-old boy and he went before Scarborough Youth Court on Wednesday charged with two counts unlawful and malicious wounding with intent to commit grievous bodily harm; assault by beating; and making a threat with an offensive weapon.

He is due to appear at York Crown Court on 24 June.

Two other boys, aged 17 and 16, have been arrested in connection with the investigation. They have been released on conditional police bail while enquiries continue.

Detective Constable Andy Metcalfe, of Scarborough CID, said: “While one suspect has been charged and has appeared at court in relation to this very serious incident, the investigation remains ongoing.

“There were a lot of people in and around Falsgrave Park on the evening of Bank Holiday Monday. I am appealing to possible witnesses or anyone with information to come forward as soon as possible.

“This can be done discreetly with the police or anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers.

“Either way, I urge you to do the right thing if you can help the investigation in any way.”

Police patrols have been stepped up in the area to provide reassurance for concerned residents while enquiries continue.

Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Scarborough CID. Or email Andrew.Metcalfe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference **12200087491** when providing details about this case.

Posted on 29 May 2020 at 06:45pm in News stories
