```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-03T11:16:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-03T11:13:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Chief constables from forces across the country, the chair of the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council, the chief executive of the College of Policing and the President of the Police Superintendents&#8217; Association have spoken following the death of George Floyd and the events that have followed in the United States. They said: \u201CWe stand alongside all [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UK police stand with those appalled by George Floyd&#039;s death - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uk-police-stand-with-those-appalled-by-george-floyds-death/
title: UK police stand with those appalled by George Floyd's death
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uk-police-stand-with-those-appalled-by-george-floyds-death/
```

Last modified: 3 June 2020 at 12:16pm

UK police leaders have come together and published a statement about George Floyd’s death.

Chief constables from forces across the country, the chair of the National Police Chiefs’ Council, the chief executive of the College of Policing and the President of the Police Superintendents' Association have spoken following the death of George Floyd and the events that have followed in the United States.

They said: “We stand alongside all those across the globe who are appalled and horrified by the way George Floyd lost his life. Justice and accountability should follow.

“We are also appalled to see the violence and damage that has happened in so many US cities since then. Our hearts go out to all those affected by these terrible events and hope that peace and order will soon be restored.

“In the UK we have a long established tradition of policing by consent, working in communities to prevent crime and solve problems. Officers are trained to use force proportionately, lawfully and only when absolutely necessary. We strive to continuously learn and improve. We will tackle bias, racism or discrimination wherever we find it.

“Policing is complex and challenging and sometimes we fall short. When we do, we are not afraid to shine a light on injustices or to be held to account.

“The relationship between the police and the public in the UK is strong but there is always more to do. Every day, up and down the country, officers and staff are working to strengthen those relationships and address concerns. Only by working closely with our communities do we build trust and help keep people safe.

“We know people want to make their voices heard. The right to lawful protest is key part of any democracy, which UK police uphold and facilitate. But coronavirus remains a deadly disease and there are still restrictions in place to prevent its spread, which include not gathering outside in groups of more than six people. So for whatever reason people want to come together, we ask that people continue to work with officers at this challenging time.”

The legislation around the maximum number of people in gatherings varies across the devolved nations of the UK.

Martin Hewitt, Chair of the National Police Chiefs’ Council

Mike Cunningham, Chief Executive of the College of Policing

Paul Griffiths, President of the Police Superintendents' Association

Posted on 3 June 2020 at 12:13pm in News stories
