```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-27T11:47:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Police in York have launched a major campaign to protect the city\u2019s cycles \u2013 and make them easier to trace if they go missing."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/04/PCSO-Justin-Piercy-holds-an-Op-Clover-dot-peen-keyring-1024x806.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&#039;Clover and out&#039; - police launch cycle theft operation in York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/clover-police-launch-cycle-theft-operation-york/
title: '''Clover and out'' - police launch cycle theft operation in York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/clover-police-launch-cycle-theft-operation-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police in York have launched a major campaign to protect the city’s cycles – and make them easier to trace if they go missing.

So far this month, 46 bikes have been reported stolen in York – down by almost 50% from the same period in April 2016, which saw 88 reports of thefts.

Officers are keen to see that number reduce even further, and have launched a new campaign, Operation Clover, to clamp down on cycle theft.

As the Tour de Yorkshire arrives in the region, York’s Neighbourhood Policing Teams will be running a series of cycle security drop-in sessions across the city. On Sunday 30 April, officers will be at Bishopthorpe Road, Millennium Bridge and York Railway Station between 10am and 2pm.

Residents can bring their bikes along and get them security-marked for free, using a sophisticated dot peen property marking machine.

The owner of every marked bike will also be offered a keyring engraved with their bike’s unique number, acting as a reminder should the worst happen and the bike is later lost or stolen.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. Dot peen machines can be used on everything from steel and aluminium to plastic.

Sergeant Julia Hitchcock, of York Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Marking cycles using dot peen is a simple but incredibly effective way of protecting your property. Thieves will spot the permanent engraving and realise straight away that the bike will be too difficult to sell on.

“Having a keyring with your bike’s unique security number will act as a permanent reminder of the importance of cycle safety, and is an easy way to ensure you have the number to hand should you ever need to report the bike lost or stolen.

“It would be great to see as many cyclists as possible at our drop-in sessions across the city this Sunday. We’ll also be available to provide general crime prevention information and advice. And if you can’t make these events, don’t hesitate to get in touch with us directly so we can keep you up-to-date about future opportunities.”

Inspector Lee Pointon added: “Dot peen property marking was launched in York in July 2015, and less than two years later has spread across North Yorkshire and even beyond our borders into Cleveland and Lancashire. That means it’s never been harder for criminals to sell on items of stolen property in our region.

“In those two years, we’ve worked with residents, businesses and partners such as councils, and universities to mark more than 20,000 items of property. We’ve also had a number of success stories where we’ve been able to reunite stolen property with its rightful owner.

“Property marking is just one element of Operation Clover – we’ll also be running further activities to combat cycle theft in York, which will be revealed over the coming weeks.”

North Yorkshire Police publicises dot peen property marking opportunities on Neighbourhood Policing Team Facebook pages, and on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen. Visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen to find out more.

Posted on 27 April 2017 at 11:47am in News stories
