```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-09T12:30:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-09T12:29:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued a warning about the theft of sheep - many of which end up &#039;hidden in plain sight&#039; in fields and barns - after a suspected stolen flock was found in North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/Some-of-the-suspected-stolen-sheep-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rural Taskforce stolen sheep &#039;hidden in plain sight&#039; warning and appeal for information - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-taskforce-stolen-sheep-hidden-plain-sight-warning-appeal-information/
title: Rural Taskforce stolen sheep 'hidden in plain sight' warning and appeal for information
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-taskforce-stolen-sheep-hidden-plain-sight-warning-appeal-information/
```

Last modified: 9 February 2017 at 12:30pm

Police have issued a warning about the theft of sheep - many of which end up 'hidden in plain sight' in fields and barns - after a suspected stolen flock was found in North Yorkshire.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: "Over recent years, North Yorkshire Police and surrounding rural forces have taken an increasing number of reports relating to the theft of sheep. The Rural Taskforce has been focusing on this problem, and we have identified that sheep have been stolen, often in ones and twos, sometimes in trailer-loads. Some will be destined almost immediately for the illegal meat trade, while others are ‘hidden’ in open view in fields and barns across a wide geographic area.

"The difficulty with the nature of this crime is that it is not necessarily immediately obvious to farmers, who may only be able to identify their shortfall at the time of bringing sheep in to scan or to worm, which often gives a very wide timeframe for us to work with. Lines of enquiry are limited, and this is where we need the public’s help to call in suspicious movements of animals, or animals appearing in fields unexpectedly."

On Saturday 4 February 2017, as a result of information received from a member of the public, North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce officers located a flock of about 65 head, a mixture of sheep and goats, in the Hambleton area. They had been placed in a field unknown to the landowner, and are believed to be stolen.

A 54-year-old man from Middlesbrough was arrested at the scene on suspicion of theft and possession of cannabis. He has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Insp Grainge added: "We are making every effort to identify the owners of this livestock, and are keen for anyone who has had sheep or goats stolen since lambing 2016 to contact us by email to ruraltaskforce@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, giving as much information as possible to assist with identification.

"There are likely to be many similar fields across North Yorkshire and further afield. If you notice anything unusual - a different person attending a flock, or offers of sheep or goats for sale either for meat or as stores - please contact us. If you are able to get any names, vehicle details, and registrations or even partial registrations we would like to know. If you see something that you think is suspicious or out of place, please call it in to the police on 101."

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. You can meet members of the Taskforce at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

As part of North Yorkshire Police's 'Call it in' campaign, the Rural Taskforce is urging residents to note down and report any suspicious activity, particularly in remote or isolated areas, to help ensure North Yorkshire remains the safest place in the country.

Posted on 9 February 2017 at 12:29pm in News stories
