```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-22T14:58:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The following premises were burgled: Between 2pm on Sunday 13 November and 1.30pm on Tuesday 15 November 2016 at 113 Stepney Road, Scarborough, a shed was broken into and a Blue Ladies LIV bike stolen, valued at \xA3600. The Frame Number is: GX4E3015 Between 1pm Monday 14 November and 7.30am Tuesday 15 November 2016 at [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/11//Bike-Stepney-Road.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough police seeking information following burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-seeking-information-following-burglaries/
title: Scarborough police seeking information following burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-seeking-information-following-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

Detectives in Scarborough are appealing for witnesses and information following a number of burglaries in the Stepney Road and Scalby Road areas of Scarborough.

The following premises were burgled:

Between 2pm on Sunday 13 November and 1.30pm on Tuesday 15 November 2016 at 113 Stepney Road, Scarborough, a shed was broken into and a Blue Ladies LIV bike stolen, valued at £600. The Frame Number is: GX4E3015

Between 1pm Monday 14 November and 7.30am Tuesday 15 November 2016 at 20 Stepney Drive, Scarborough, a garage door was forced open and a CUBE AXIAL GTC PRO road bike has been stolen – valued at £1200. Serial number: WOW 60020K P1014R. It is graphite grey with blue stripes and lime green trim. Saddle bags, pump and lock included. (Bike pictured)

Between 11.30am and 7.00pm on Tuesday 15 November 2016, the occupants of 97 Scalby Road have returned home and discovered they have been burgled with entry gained through a window at the back of the property. Amongst the items stolen include:

• 4 yellow gold rings – distinctive middle-eastern appearance: one has an opal surrounded by diamonds. Another is described as having a ½ golf ball on the ring covered in white stones
• An iPad – possibly in a black flip case with the words “FOR YOUR OFFICE” engraved or left on a note with the iPad
• A Samsung Galaxy S3 with a white back to it
• A gold coloured Givenchy watch with square clock face
• £220 cash

At 3.09pm hours Tuesday 15 November 2016, the owner of 61 Stepney Road called police stating he had just disturbed three men in his rear garden, who subsequently ran off over walls to Jameson Crescent. He gave chase and last saw them running down the snicket at the side of the vets on Scalby Road.

The men have been described as in their mid to late teens, of average build. One man was wearing a black puffa/padded jacket with grey tracksuit bottoms and wearing black gloves. Another man was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms and a dark and light blue jacket.

Three men from Scarborough have been arrested in connection with the burglaries and are currently on police bail. We are seeking witnesses that may have seen people matching the description at the times and in the areas stated, acting suspiciously or carrying items. In addition, if you have any information surrounding any of the stolen property then please contact police.

If you were driving in the areas at the time and have car ‘dashboard’ cameras, or if you live in the area and have CCTV, please get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jon Kenworthy. You can also email jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160207353.

Follow us on Twitter: @ScarboroughPC

Date 21/11/2016

Contact details:
 Jon Kenworthy \- #0282
jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643410
Incident reference:
 12160207353
Posted on 22 November 2016 at 02:58pm in Local appeals
