```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-08-05T09:22:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a 71-year-old cyclist was seriously injured in a collision on the A64 slip-road near Copmanthorpe, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after cyclist injured in A64 collision near York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cyclist-injured-a64-collision-near-york/
title: Appeal after cyclist injured in A64 collision near York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cyclist-injured-a64-collision-near-york/
```

Last modified: 5 August 2016 at 09:22am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a 71-year-old cyclist was seriously injured in a collision on the A64 slip-road near Copmanthorpe, York.

Police are appealing for witnesses after a 71-year-old cyclist was seriously injured in a collision on the A64 slip-road near Copmanthorpe, York.

The collision happened at 2.40pm on Thursday 4 August 2016, on the eastbound slip-road at the junction with the A1237 and involved a blue Subaru Impreza and the pedal cyclist.

The cyclist, who is from the York area, was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary where he remains in a critical condition.

Police are appealing to anyone who was travelling along the A64 between Tadcaster and York and saw the blue Subaru or the cyclist prior to the collision and to anyone who witnessed the actual collision to contact them.

Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit or email Kirsten.aldridge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The 21-year-old man who was driving the Subaru has been arrested in connection with the collision and released on bail while enquiries continue.

The slip-road was closed while emergency services dealt with the incident and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 9.15pm.

Posted on 5 August 2016 at 09:22am in News stories
