```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-03T08:40:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In less than a week of Operation Attention, North Yorkshire Police have already made 22 arrests for drink and drug driving offences, resulting in 14 people being charged to court.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 22 arrests made in the first week of North Yorkshire Police drink and drug drive campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/22-arrests-made-first-week-north-yorkshire-police-drink-drug-drive-campaign/
title: 22 arrests made in the first week of North Yorkshire Police drink and drug drive campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/22-arrests-made-first-week-north-yorkshire-police-drink-drug-drive-campaign/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

In less than a week of Operation Attention, North Yorkshire Police have already made 22 arrests for drink and drug driving offences, resulting in 14 people being charged to court.

The highest reading so far has been provided on the fourth day of the campaign, by a 44-year-old woman arrested in Scarborough who blew 141ug - four times the legal limit (35ug per 100ml of breath.)

Other high readings include a 29-year-old man arrested in Catterick who blew 87ug - over two times the legal limit and a 21-year-old man arrested in Catterick who blew 88ug - two and a half times the legal limit.

Another drink driving arrest was made in York on Friday morning, where a 32-year-old man provided a reading of 60ug, one and a half times the limit. He had a child in the car with him at the time.

With the festive season upon us and lots of Christmas nights out planned, North Yorkshire Police is encouraging people to plan how they will get home and if they are intending to have a drink, to leave their car and not risk driving whilst under the influence.

Alongside detecting drink driving, officers are also operating roadside drug screening tests. Already there have been two positive results for drug driving - a 67-year-old man who is currently on police bail and the other a 29-year-old man, who is also on bail.

Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton of the Force's Roads Policing Group said:

"Every Christmas we try and educate people about the devastation and heartbreak that drink and drug driving can cause. We appeal to members of the public that if they have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room."

"For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. You could save someone's life."

"Anyone who is considering driving whilst under the influence of drink or drugs should know that we will be out and about waiting. If you are convicted, be aware that you face disqualification from driving a hefty fine and the possibility of a prison sentence."

Posted on 3 December 2015 at 08:40am in News stories
