```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-20T12:02:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-19T12:14:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Dozens of youngsters gathered at York Racecourse on Wednesday 13 November 2019 to receive well-earned recognition for their efforts in this summer\u2019s Lifestyle Challenge. North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Lifestyle Challenge gives young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/NOV_4472.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Glittering awards ceremony recognises youngsters&#039; community spirit - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/glittering-awards-ceremony-recognises-youngsters-community-spirit/
title: Glittering awards ceremony recognises youngsters' community spirit
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/glittering-awards-ceremony-recognises-youngsters-community-spirit/
```

Last modified: 20 November 2019 at 12:02pm

Young people from across York and North Yorkshire have had their hard work and dedication celebrated at an awards ceremony.

Dozens of youngsters gathered at York Racecourse on Wednesday 13 November 2019 to receive well-earned recognition for their efforts in this summer’s Lifestyle Challenge.

North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge gives young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they did in a log book provided by the police.

Nineteen teams from **Eastfield, Harrogate, Knaresborough, Norton, Pickering, Robin Hood’s Bay, Scarborough, Selby, Stokesley, Whitby** and **York** signed up, working in their own time to improve their local area, raising money for local good causes and helping members of the community to get to know each other.

In total 65 young people took part, supported by 23 adult advisors.

To mark their hard work, all of those who took part received a certificate and a prize of vouchers for all their team for Energi Trampoline Park in York.

Winners of sponsored challenges also received Argos vouchers:

 * Winning the CNG Ltd Energy ‘Sustainability’ Challenge were Tidy Raiders from Selby.
 * From Pickering, the P Town Raiders won the Eboracum Safety and Security Challenge.
 * Knaresborough SAS won the Energi Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge.

The main prize winners won not only Argos vouchers, but also an activity holiday for all the team members:

 * In joint 3rd place – and winning the North Yorkshire Police Harm Reduction Challenge and Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Community Safety Challenge respectively – were KaLiBe from York and Nidderdale Children’s Resource Centre from Harrogate.
 * In 2nd place, and winning the Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge, were Mount Girls from York.
 * The overall winners, in 1st place, and winning the Shepherd Group Conservation Challenge, were Earth’s Army, from Scarborough.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “I’d like to thank everyone who took part in the Lifestyle Challenge and attended the ceremony – not only the young people themselves, but also the adult advisors for taking the time to support and help their teams.

“The teams should be really proud of what they achieved over the summer. All together, they worked for more than 1,450 hours – the equivalent of over 60 days – and raised more than £1,500.

“The results of their projects are a testament to the fantastic commitment and community spirit of our young people, and it was wonderful to be able to celebrate their achievements.

“I would also like to thank the sponsors, The Shepherd Group, Eboracum, Energi Leisure, the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, York Racecourse, CNG Ltd and Minster FM, all of whom made the 2019 Lifestyle Challenge possible with their generous support.”

* * *

### **Winning team profiles**

* * *

**Earth’s Army (Scarborough) – in 1st place, and winners of The Shepherd Group Conservation Challenge**

They are passionate about reducing single use plastic, believe the best way to do this is by educating the younger generation, by hosting activity days and using social media.

They arranged and held two awareness raising days for primary school children at East Ayton Library and at Derwent Valley Bridge Community Library. They researched different activities to take place on these awareness days, inviting the children’s university Scarborough, reps from environmental groups such as Surfers Against Sewage, North Yorkshire Rotters and Sea Life marketing officer. At the awareness events, North Yorkshire Rotters and the Sea Life Centre came and spoke. The leftover food from the awareness days was donated to the local food bank and the Rainbow Centre Scarborough.

They created posters and a Twitter account. They entered a design competition with Big Local Scarborough to create a design for a recycling bin. They created a team mascot for Earth’s Army, ‘Elder’, and showed it to the public and the local council. The council were so impressed that they used their design on their environmental initiatives. They emailed Sainsbury’s to ask what they do to reduce plastic packaging and other organisations to arrange activities.

They visited a turtle sanctuary whilst on holiday in Malta, called Nature Trust Malta, and they did an interview with them on their Twitter page, talking about how turtles and other animals have been injured by plastic waste. They also found out about sea bins which collect floating debris.

With Surfers against Sewage they carried out a beach clean which took place in August with other children. On one of the team’s birthday, instead of a fun day out, they chose to do a litter pick in Forge Valley. On 8 September, one team member spent the day promoting Earth’s Army, explaining ‘Finn the Fish’ to people in South Bay and also put discarded plastic into the imitation fish to demonstrate what can end up in sea animals. They also promoted the use of the sea bins in Malta and asked if a scheme could be set up locally.

On returning from holiday, they did an interview with Yorkshire Coast Radio which aired in late August. They learned a great deal about plastic pollution in order to inform others. They learned how important it is to persevere if you believe in something.

* * *

**Mount Girls (York) – in 2nd place, and winners of the Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge**

They wanted to make their community aware of the changes our planet faces.

They raised £200 for a disability bike for a 13-year-old with autism, epilepsy and other needs. They raised £80 and purchased Christmas and Halloween crafts for York inspirational kids. Two of them cut their hair and donated it to the Little Princess Trust, plus held a community picnic for York inspirational kids and invited other members of the community.

For the Conservation Challenge they designed posters and wrote to local shops to raise awareness, asking for donations. They arranged a zero waste picnic for the community, which Tesco donated £20 for, and they used the money to buy tubs to put the food in – trying to buy food which wasn’t wrapped in plastic.

They shared food and talked to the families about what they were doing to help the environment. They held a balloon draw to raise money with donated prizes from local people and businesses. The prizes included panto tickets, a spa day and a tour of the Houses of Parliament, vouchers and prosecco.

They all wrote, illustrated and published a book encouraging 5-7 year olds to cut down their single plastic waste, which was made from a recycled sketch book for illustrations called ‘Help Save the Turtles’.

They donated one book to each library in York and went into the library at Acomb Explore Library to read their book to 5-7 year olds, the book being sold online from Amazon. They also had publicity in the York Press about what they had done, plus a TV interview. The money raised went towards the disability bike and crafts.

They received lots of publicity via Facebook and social media. They learned about children with disabilities and how to be inclusive and supportive.

* * *

**KaLiBe (York) – in joint 3rd place, and winners of the NYP Harm Reduction Challenge**

They wanted to help bring holiday happiness to those who need it most, by handing out free goodie bags to brighten up holidays of less fortunate children who are dependent on the food bank.

They contacted the food bank who liked the idea of goodie bags. They drafted a letter for shops explaining the project and asking for donations and advertising The Trussell Trust.

They went to Morrison’s and the Manager provided £20 worth of gift vouchers to support the project. They made a wish list on Amazon of the items they would like to put in the ‘goodie’ bags.

They used the £20 to buy toothpaste and sweets to put in the bags. They approached Symbiosis and they gave £20 in cash, and they bought toothbrushes and toothpaste from the internet.

They wanted to make 90 bags in total, so encouraged friends and family to donate items. They made up the goodie bags and wrote to their MP to come to the Trussell Trust food bank when they dropped off the donations.

In September they met their MP at the Trussell Trust, and all the staff at the food bank were very nice and grateful. They had a Q&A session with the MP. They sent a thank you letter to Morrisons.

* * *

**Nidderdale Children’s Resource Centre (Killinghall, Harrogate) – in joint 3rd place, and winners of the PFCC Community Safety Challenge**

They wanted to save the planet and keep Killinghall safe by carrying out activities to help nature and local wildlife.

The theme of their summer holidays at Nidderdale Children’s Resource Centre was ‘Save the Planet.’ The resource centre provides valuable resources and support for children with physical and learning disabilities.

They planted flowers and decorated plant pots to put them in. They decided to take and donate the pots to a local nursing home.

They did litter picking during a clean-up of Killinghall, and filled over three bin bags of litter. They made a sign using stones to encourage people to slow down when driving through the village near a nursing home, also a colourful ‘slow down’ banner for outside the resource centre. They also made suet balls for the birds to help them through the winter, and made bird houses, a safe space for the chicks and a warm place for the winter. By recycling plastic bottles they made bird feeders.

They finished their project by visiting the nursing home and taking all the things they had made.

They were thanked by people walking past for doing the litter picking and delivering the goodies to the nursing home. The residents said they were looking forward to all the animals they would attract.

They learned different ways to look after their environment and to help local people to do the same. They also learned about road safety.

* * *

**Tidy Raiders (Selby) – winners of the CNG Ltd Energy ‘Sustainability’ Challenge**

Their project was picking up rubbish in Selby and area regularly over the holiday period, focusing mostly on plastic to reuse the plastic for creating things.

They cleaned where they lived, playgrounds and fields, deciding who was collecting what type of litter (plastic, paper, metal, glass).

Whilst collecting litter, a lady took some pictures of them to send to the council, because she was so proud of them. They collected four bags of litter, including lots of big items. They took the litter away to get recycled. They continued this work around the area in late July, collecting more bags of rubbish recycling everything they collected.

On 2 August they started to make a sculpture out of plastic bottles, making a ‘tree’ sculpture. They continued to add to the sculpture. They then painted the sculpture, sticking on leaves to make it look realistic. They also used some of the materials for the photo album book, which has photos and information of their work day by day.

They have had lots of positive comments from the community, posting pictures on Facebook and the local people helped motivate them by giving them ice lollies. They made the area a lot cleaner and safer. They noticed there were not enough litter bins around.

They have learned about the environment and how important it is to look after it. We all need to know how to dispose of waste. They also learned that you don’t have to play to have fun and have a great time.

* * *

**P Town Massive (Pickering) – winners of the Eboracum Safety and Security Challenge**

Their project was to redesign graffiti on a wall at their local play area, Hawthorn Lane Park, to modernise the play area for the local community to use.

They needed to get permission from the local town council. They presented their ideas for the wall using handouts and answering questions around who will be supervising the painting, and along with the local policing team.

They met at the youth group, developing the artwork and looking at positive messages, such as recycling to prevent litter. They came up with a hashtag #savetheturtles.

They met at Hawthorn Park and had to paint the wall white first. They discussed safety around using the paint cans and wearing masks, with Jed the graffiti artist. After the wall was finished, they received praise from Jed and also the town councillor and received positive comments on Facebook.

The town council also said they could paint the wall on the other side with their design, which shows the trust they had gained. It helped improve local residents’ negative perceptions of these young people, having such a positive outcome. They learned how to work together as a team.

* * *

**Knaresborough SAS (Spread a Smile) – winners of the Energi Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge**

They wanted to spread a smile to the elderly through their music. They realised that living in a care home could be lonely, so they wanted to make them happy and give them a day to remember.

In school they learned how music is proven to increase levels of dopamine, a chemical in the brain that makes you feel happy. They decided to go into some elderly care homes in the local area, play some of their music, brighten their day and bake some cakes for afterwards.

They sent emails to a number of care homes. One of the team plays the saxophone, one of them the guitar and another plays both the saxophone and violin. They practised songs as they were going to be playing at Hillview Manor and The Cuttings Care Homes.

They played music for 45 minutes, then gave out the cakes and chatted to the residents for another 45 minutes. For this, they did feedback sheets to see if they had made them smile. 100% of residents scored them 4 or 5 out of 5 and wrote lovely comments thanking them.

In total they played to around 70 elderly people, plus the care home staff. They were asked to go back again, where this time the residents donated money, which went towards the charities. The three girls also stayed and played bingo with the residents. They received cards of thanks and had a press article in the local paper. They raised £50 for Dementia Forward and £26 for the British Heart Foundation.

They learned many skills, such as confidence and communication skills. They also learned how to book a venue, plan their event and engage an audience.

* * *

Posted on 19 November 2019 at 12:14pm in News stories
