```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-16T16:09:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened outside the Coach and Horses pub on Commercial Street at 6.20pm on Friday 11 December 2020 It involved the victim, a 41 year-old male, being threatened by two males he had approached after witnessing one of the males urinating on the pub wall. It is alleged that the first offender took off his [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Tadcaster - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-tadcaster/
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Tadcaster
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-tadcaster/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2020 at 04:09pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted robbery that occurred in Tadcaster.

It happened outside the Coach and Horses pub on Commercial Street at 6.20pm on Friday 11 December 2020

It involved the victim, a 41 year-old male, being threatened by two males he had approached after witnessing one of the males urinating on the pub wall.

It is alleged that the first offender took off his belt and threatened to hit the victim if he did not give him his phone. The second offender then exited a dark blue taxi and ran towards the victim before grabbing the victim's shopping bags.

A silver car then approached and beeped the horn at the two men before they made off in the blue taxi.

The first man is described as White, aged 25-35 years old, approx. 5ft 6ins to 5ft 8ins tall, of slim build with stocky shoulders. He was clean shaven with short ginger hair and was wearing a navy blue jumper and navy blue jeans.

The second man was also described as White, aged around 25-35 years-old and of skinny build.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the offenders and the taxi they left in. No details were obtained for the silver car that stopped, was it you? If so, please get in contact.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Alan Mason. You can also email alan.mason@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200227267.

Contact details:
 Alan Mason \- #0903
alan.mason@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext. 30903
Incident reference:
 12200227267
Posted on 16 December 2020 at 04:09pm in Local appeals
