```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-22T09:58:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-25T10:48:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Members of the public are invited to do their bit to keep their neighbourhoods safe, by joining a new community messaging system.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Help keep North Yorkshire safe - new community messaging system launches today - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/help-keep-north-yorkshire-safe-new-community-messaging-system-launches-today/
title: Help keep North Yorkshire safe - new community messaging system launches today
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/help-keep-north-yorkshire-safe-new-community-messaging-system-launches-today/
```

Last modified: 22 March 2021 at 09:58am

Members of the public are invited to do their bit to keep their neighbourhoods safe, by joining a new community messaging system.

https://www.northyorkshirecommunitymessaging.org/

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free system that lets people register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news in their neighbourhoods.

As North Yorkshire Police is geographically England's largest single county force, the new system will be the biggest of its kind in the country. Particularly in rural areas, community messaging can be used to share messages and appeals across a wide area very quickly.

The new service has been designed to allow people who live or work in North Yorkshire and the City of York to get information when they want, and how they want it.

Users can tailor preferences for the type of the message they receive, their preferred channel (phone, text, or email) and the locations that matter to them. Topics include details about:
• crime and other police incidents, including missing people and witness appeals;
• rural policing, including crimes against farms and rural businesses;
• anti-social behaviour;
• road safety, including road closures and traffic updates; and
• neighbourhood news and events, such as invitations to public meetings.

Users can even choose to register multiple locations, not just a home address - ideal if they want to know more about where their children go to school, where family members live, places to socialise and around their place of work.

Registering is safe, secure and easy, and takes less than five minutes. Just visit northyorkshirecommunitymessaging.co.uk on a smartphone or PC to get started.

Over the coming weeks, local police teams will be out in communities raising awareness of the new system, and encouraging people to join.

The alerts that members of the public receive are not confidential, so they will be able to share the information they receive with friends and family. Users may also wish to encourage others to sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging so they can receive their own alerts. The system will also be the point of contact with all Neighbourhood Watch groups in their area.

Superintendent Richard Anderson, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Neighbourhood policing is at the heart of our service. Alongside our award-winning use of social media like Twitter and Facebook, North Yorkshire Community Messaging will further improve the flow of information between local communities and the police.

"The information and intelligence that we receive from members of the public can be absolutely crucial in preventing and detecting crime and anti-social behaviour, so the more people that join Community Messaging, the safer North Yorkshire will be.

"The system is free to join and easy to use. Signing up will take less than five minutes, so I'd encourage everyone to visit www.northyorkshirecommunitymessaging.co.uk and get started today."

Posted on 25 April 2016 at 10:48am in News stories
