```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-02-05T13:44:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Between 6.15 &#8211; 6.30pm on Thursday 4 February 2021, a male intruder entered a residential property on Longwestgate in Scarborough. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the man in the area of Longwestgate leading up [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Scarborough burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-scarborough-burglary-4/
title: Appeal following Scarborough burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-scarborough-burglary-4/
```

Last modified: 5 February 2021 at 01:44pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary which occurred in Scarborough

Between 6.15 - 6.30pm on Thursday 4 February 2021, a male intruder entered a residential property on Longwestgate in Scarborough.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the man in the area of Longwestgate leading up this incident, or anyone who saw him make off after he was disturbed by the resident. He is described as aged approx 20-25 years old, around 5'11" in height with light ginger hair. He was wearing a grey hoody which had black markings on the shoulder and hood areas, a black beanie hat, black trousers and white trainers. He was last seen going down the street, away from town

Do you have any CCTV, Ring doorbells or dash-cam footage from the area which may feature the man? If so, or if you have any other information which could assist the investigation please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Samuel Rivers.
You can also email Samuel.Rivers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.ukIf you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12210053338

Contact details:
 Samuel Rivers \- #0516
Samuel.Rivers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12210053338
Posted on 5 February 2021 at 01:44pm in Local appeals
