```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:14:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-07T13:03:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued an efit of a man who exposed himself in front of a mother and child in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/07/image001.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efit issued in Harrogate exposure investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-harrogate-exposure-investigation/
title: Efit issued in Harrogate exposure investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-harrogate-exposure-investigation/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:14am

Police have issued an efit of a man who exposed himself in front of a mother and child in Harrogate.

On Wednesday 15 June 2016, a man exposed himself to a mother and child cycling along the Bilton to Ripley cycle path in Harrogate, at about 7.10pm. The woman shouted at him and he ran away.

Officers have compiled an efit of the suspect, based on the victim's description. Anyone who recognises the man pictured is asked to contact the police.

A week after that incident, on Thursday 23 June 2016, a man exposed himself to a different woman on Nidderdale Greenway, a remote part of Nidd Gorge, near Scotton, Knaresborough, at about 4pm. She shouted at him and he walked off.

Based on descriptions provided by the victims, it is believed that the two incidents are connected.

Speaking after the incidents, Inspector Penny Taylor, of Harrogate Police, said: “These are both very disturbing incidents, which are totally unacceptable. We are treating them extremely seriously, and are increasing patrols in the area. Please be reassured that we are doing everything we can to find this man.

“I would like to appeal for any witnesses, or anyone with information that would help us to identify the man responsible. I am also asking for anyone to come forward if they have been a victim of a similar incident and not yet reported it to the police.”

If you recognise the man in the efit, or to provide information about the incident on 15 June, please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Kelvin Troughton, quoting reference number 12160105286.

To provide information about the 23 June incident, please ask for PC Simon Davis, quoting reference number 12160110561.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting the relevant reference number.

Posted on 7 July 2016 at 01:03pm in News stories
