```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:06:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-22T10:05:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are warning residents to ensure they lock and secure the doors and windows of their homes overnight after two house burglaries that occurred overnight 21-22 January 2016 in both Hutton Rudby and Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning to residents after Hambleton 2-in-1 burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-residents-hambleton-2-1-burglaries/
title: Warning to residents after Hambleton 2-in-1 burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-residents-hambleton-2-1-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:06am

North Yorkshire Police are warning residents to ensure they lock and secure the doors and windows of their homes overnight after two house burglaries that occurred overnight 21-22 January 2016 in both Hutton Rudby and Northallerton.

The first burglary occurred on Northcliffe Grove in Hutton Rudby during the early hours of 22 January 2016. The offenders gained entry through an insecure external door and stole a handbag along with the occupants' car keys which they then used to steal the victims' car from the driveway. The car was subsequently recovered by police in the Middlesbrough area a few hours later.

The same evening a second burglary occurred on Thistle Close in Northallerton. Again the offenders gained entry to the house via an unlocked external door and stole a handbag along with the keys to the victims car, a blue Mercedes A180 registration NL64PYV, which is still outstanding and not yet recovered.

Sgt Nick Hill, of Stokesley Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I cannot stress highly enough the need for residents to have that one final check on an evening around the doors and windows of their homes to ensure they are locked and secure.

"In both of these offences the offenders have simply walked straight into the victims' homes while they were sleeping and helped themselves to the victims' possessions and vehicles.

"It is also important that car keys are not left in view but instead are concealed and accessible to you but not in an obvious place a thief would look.

"Burglars do not want to make noise on entry and want to be in your property for the least amount of time possible so simple steps to frustrate these factors will greatly reduce your chances of being burgled."

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160012220 for the Hutton Rudby burglary and 12160012203 for the Northallerton burglary

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**22 January 2016**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160012220

Posted on 22 January 2016 at 10:05am in News stories
