```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T08:45:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-01T08:44:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious road traffic collision near Sinderby, Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Moped rider injured in collision near Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/moped-rider-injured-collision-near-thirsk/
title: Moped rider injured in collision near Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/moped-rider-injured-collision-near-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:45am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious road traffic collision near Sinderby, Thirsk.

The collision between a green Peugeot moped and a grey Lexus IS220D occurred at 10.30pm on Saturday 30th May 2015 on the A6055.

The incident happened on the Old North Road between the roundabout for the B6267 and the roundabout with the A61, close to Leeming Lane Farm.

The Lexus was being driven towards the B6267 and the moped was travelling in the opposite direction.

The rider of the moped, a 20-year-old local man, was taken to James Cook Hospital with serious leg and head injuries. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Traffic Constable Ken Riley, of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, said: "I would be grateful if anybody who has any information which may assist us in our investigation could contact us as soon as possible.

"I am particularly interested in speaking to anyone who either witnessed the incident or saw the vehicles involved in the area prior to the collision."

TC Riley added: "I am also aware of a number of people who deliberately drove through the scene of the collision and moved valuable pieces of evidence in doing so.

"I would like to take this opportunity to ask people to remain patient when confronted with the scene of a collision and remember that the location of debris within a scene could be vital to our enquires."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Ken Riley.

Alternatively, information can be emailed token.riley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 1210090027 when passing information about this incident.

**1 June 2015**

Posted on 1 June 2015 at 08:44am in News stories
