```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:17:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-09T15:33:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Stokesley have joined forces with the local community to nip crime and antisocial behaviour at the town&#039;s allotments in the bud.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08/Allotment-smile-768x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police plant seeds of security advice at Stokesley allotments - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-plant-seeds-security-advice-stokesley-allotments/
title: Police plant seeds of security advice at Stokesley allotments
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-plant-seeds-security-advice-stokesley-allotments/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:17am

Police in Stokesley have joined forces with the local community to nip crime and antisocial behaviour at the town's allotments in the bud.

Following several reports from Stokesley allotment holders of issues in the area, officers teamed up with Stokesley Parish Council and North Yorkshire Community Safety Partnership to host a crime prevention day at the allotments.

The day consisted of members of the local policing team, assisted by police volunteers, basing themselves on the allotments to engage with allotment holders and local residents. They gave advice and handed out leaflets on how to make the premises more secure and minimise the chances of being a victim of crime.

Additionally, shed alarms provided by the Community Safety Partnership were fitted to sheds and instruction given on how to use them effectively. New signage was also set up, highlighting the allotment holders' new 'Allotment Watch' scheme, to look out for each other's plots and maintain close links with local police.

Sergeant Nick Hill, of Stokesley Police, said: "Allotment holders shouldn't have to put up with crime and anti-social behaviour. They have now joined forces with their local police and the parish council to tackle these issues head on.

"Through events like this, as well as regular patrols and face-to-face engagement with the allotment holders, we will be identifying those responsible for causing any problems and dealing with any offences robustly."

The Stokesley crime prevention day was hailed a great success, resulting in all the stock of alarms being used up (along with the stocks of home-made scones supplied by one of the team!), and many allotment holders coming away with the know-how to prevent and deter crime on their premises.

Police in York have also been working with allotment holders over the summer, visiting all 17 council allotment sites in partnership with City of York Council, to prevent and deter crime.

Anyone who requires more information on shed and outbuilding security should contact their local policing team, by dialing 101, or visit https://northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/safer-home/outbuilding-security/

Posted on 9 August 2016 at 03:33pm in News stories
