```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T10:53:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-01T10:49:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York police have issued images of a gold pocket watch and are appealing for the rightful owner to come forward.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/pocket_watch_3-235x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police seek owner of inscribed pocket watch - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-seek-owner-inscribed-pocket-watch/
title: Police seek owner of inscribed pocket watch
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-seek-owner-inscribed-pocket-watch/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 10:53am

York police have issued images of a gold pocket watch and are appealing for the rightful owner to come forward.

Officers recovered the watch during a recent burglary investigation in the York area, however, they believe it could have been stolen from further afield.

The watch is inscribed with the words: "Presented to Mr A Reid by friends on leaving Tarland 1927" and is contained within a black case with the jeweller's name inside: "George Gray, Banchory and Aboyne". Banchory and Aboyne are towns near Aberdeen in Scotland.

Detective Constable Chris Hogg of York Investigation Hub said: "We suspect that the watch has been stolen in a burglary or a distraction burglary and would like whoever it belongs to, to come forward and claim it. It's possible that the owner is not aware that is has been taken.

"I am appealing to anyone with a family member with the name surname Reid with links to Tarland in Scotland. Particularly anyone in the York, Selby and Pocklington areas."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for DC Chris Hogg in York Investigation Hub. Or you can email chris.hogg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

1 October 2015

Posted on 1 October 2015 at 10:49am in News stories
