```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-21T15:15:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-21T15:09:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are urging people enjoy the Halloween and Bonfire Night period in the right spirit.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/02/pumpkin-1024x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police call for communities to stay safe this Halloween and Bonfire Night - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-communities-stay-safe-halloween-bonfire-night/
title: Police call for communities to stay safe this Halloween and Bonfire Night
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-communities-stay-safe-halloween-bonfire-night/
```

Last modified: 21 October 2016 at 03:15pm

North Yorkshire Police are urging people enjoy the Halloween and Bonfire Night period in the right spirit.

Police officers, Police Community Support Officers and Special Constables will be carrying out patrols in local communities to ensure that everyone feels safe, and to deal with any issues that do occur.

Incidents of reported anti-social behaviour on Bonfire Night in North Yorkshire have been falling year-on-year, from 145 reported incidents on 5 November 2011; 97 in 2012; 99 in 2013; 93 in 2014; down to 87 last year – and police will be working hard to ensure the trend continues this year.

Shop owners are being asked to make sure that they don’t sell items such as eggs and flour to young people who may be using them to commit anti-social behaviour. They are also being reminded about legislation governing the sale and use of fireworks.

Meanwhile, leaflets will be delivered to residents who may feel more vulnerable at this time of year, providing them with advice and contact details for local officers. Posters are available on the North Yorkshire Police website to download and print out, asking people not to ‘trick or treat’.

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Winward, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Although this time of year is fun and exciting for many, there are those in our communities for whom it causes concern and increases the fear of crime.

“I would like to ask parents and guardians to speak to their children, to ensure that they understand how their actions could leave others distressed or upset. And if you know that a family member or neighbour is vulnerable, please keep an eye out for them to help prevent them from becoming concerned about being a victim of crime.

“At this time of year we work closely with the Fire and Rescue Service, and I urge people not take risks with fireworks. Anyone caught supplying fireworks to under 18s or lighting them in the street can expect to be dealt with robustly.”

Posted on 21 October 2016 at 03:09pm in News stories
