```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-03T10:13:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-22T10:17:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The Dot Peen property marking system enables the Police to etch a unique reference number onto a range of items, which includes the postcode of the owner. This acts as a deterrent to potential theft, and will also help to recover stolen property if it\u2019s found. All items marked will be listed on a national [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dot peen property marking comes to York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dot-peen-property-marking-comes-york/
title: Dot peen property marking comes to York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dot-peen-property-marking-comes-york/
```

Last modified: 3 January 2019 at 10:13am

Police in North Yorkshire will be hosting an event, offering members of the public the opportunity to security mark their property and equipment using new technology called Dot Peen. The event will take place on Friday 29 September between 16:00 – 18:00 outside Cycle Heaven at York Rail Station.

The Dot Peen property marking system enables the Police to etch a unique reference number onto a range of items, which includes the postcode of the owner. This acts as a deterrent to potential theft, and will also help to recover stolen property if it’s found.

All items marked will be listed on a national database, which means that if they are stolen and are recovered elsewhere, the owner can be easily identified.

Insp Lee Pointon of North Yorkshire Police says:

“York is a very safe place, but we do know that burglars look-out for empty homes and unattended outbuildings. Marking your valuable property is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of theft or burglary. Criminals will spot the engraving, and realise that the item will be too difficult to sell on.

Should the worst happen, the unique number will vastly increase the chances that police can reunite you with your property if it is lost or stolen. Being able to trace the ownership of stolen items in this way can provide key evidence that is vital in securing convictions.”

Dot peen machines can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm. Lots of different belongings can be branded using this system, including metal, wood, leather and plastic. This means items such as phones, bikes, DIY equipment and gardening tools can all be marked.

Posted on 22 September 2017 at 11:17am in News stories
