```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:59:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Signage for the zone in Ryedale View and Ryedale Crescent was erected yesterday (Tuesday 8 May 2018) and officers began delivering information packs to local residents. No Cold Calling Zones are designed to discourage cold callers and reduce incidents of rogue traders and distraction burglaries by empowering residents to send callers away and inform the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/KMS-Photo-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: No cold calling zone to protect residents in Kirkbymoorside - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/no-cold-calling-zone-to-protect-residents-in-kirkbymoorside/
title: No cold calling zone to protect residents in Kirkbymoorside
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/no-cold-calling-zone-to-protect-residents-in-kirkbymoorside/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:59am

Police and Trading Standards officers in Ryedale have establish a No Cold Calling Zone to protect residents in Kirkbymoorside streets that were being repeatedly targeted by cold callers.

Signage for the zone in Ryedale View and Ryedale Crescent was erected yesterday (Tuesday 8 May 2018) and officers began delivering information packs to local residents.

No Cold Calling Zones are designed to discourage cold callers and reduce incidents of rogue traders and distraction burglaries by empowering residents to send callers away and inform the police or Trading Standards.

The driving force behind this latest zone is Police Community Support Officer, Tracy Brown. She said: “This particular area was subjected to a high level of cold callers, and we received a number of complaints from residents about doorstep callers during March and April claiming to be former offenders or soldiers selling household items.

“Working together with North Yorkshire Trading Standards and the local residents, I’m very pleased that our plans have now been put into action. I hope it provides reassurance for local people and gives them the confidence to send any cold callers away.”

Local resident Michael Bell, added: “I am relieved that this has now been established making the street feel safer after being targeted by door to door sellers that left me shaken up.”

North Yorkshire County Councillor Val Arnold, Member for Kirkbymoorside, said: "I welcome the creation of this No Cold Calling zone and the reassurance it will bring to residents. Trading standards and the police are always keen to receive information about doorstep callers, so anyone who receives a cold call can contact trading standards on 03454 040506 or the police on 101."

No Cold Calling Zones remain a very effective mechanism for protecting communities from doorstep criminals. There are now over 600 zones protecting vulnerable adults in North Yorkshire.
In a recent survey of residents in No Cold Calling Zones, 89 percent said that calls had reduced, 90 percent felt more confident about sending callers away, 58 percent said their fear of doorstep crime had reduced, 75 percent feel able to protect their vulnerable neighbours and 92 percent felt more confident about reporting incidents of cold calling.

Some advice: What to do if you are targeted by cold callers

• Don’t engage with or deal with doorstep callers
• If you are told or believe that your homes requires work such as roofing or other maintenance, obtain three quotes from local traders. Word of mouth recommendations from someone you trust who has had a good experience with the trader are always best
• If you receive a cold call, report it to trading standards on 03454 040506, or to the police on 101. If you feel threatened by a cold caller, always call 999
• If you find yourselves in a situation where you have contracted for goods or services with a doorstep caller, the trader is required to provide you with a cancellation notice giving you 14 days to cancel the contract. If they fail to do so, it is a criminal offence
• Paying by credit card for goods or services costing over £100 gives you extra protection as the credit card provider is equally liable for any breaches of contract or offences committed by the suspect. They are liable to refund monies paid
• Trading standards and the police are always keen to receive intelligence about doorstep callers in the county. If you are able to provide trading names, copies of flyers or business cards, or vehicle details, these could provide extremely useful information for investigators
• Pass these messages on to your elderly relatives and friends and reassure them they are not being rude by refusing to engage and sending them away. It’s best not to answer the door in the first place if you are not sure who is calling.

Posted on 9 May 2018 at 10:59am in News stories
