```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-01T16:48:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 7.15am on Tuesday 1 May 2018, officers from the York South Neighbourhood Policing Team, with support from the York North Neighbourhood Policing team, executed a warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Ac t at a property on Pately Place, Acomb. Inside the property a quantity of Class A drugs and a substantial grow of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_-g5tv5h.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man arrested after York drugs warrant - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-after-york-drugs-warrant/
title: Man arrested after York drugs warrant
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-after-york-drugs-warrant/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

A man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs after police executed a warrant in York.

At 7.15am on Tuesday 1 May 2018, officers from the York South Neighbourhood Policing Team, with support from the York North Neighbourhood Policing team, executed a warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Ac t at a property on Pately Place, Acomb.

Inside the property a quantity of Class A drugs and a substantial grow of cannabis were found.

Officers arrested a 26 year-old man and he has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Further arrests are anticipated to follow.

Sergeant Danny Leach, of York’s Local NeighbourhoodPolicing Team said:

“As this morning's warrant shows, we can and will act on community concerns and take proactive enforcement action.

“Illegal drug production, supply, use and the associated criminal activity causes misery for law-abiding residents and has a negative effect on our communities.

“As this and other recently executed warrants demonstrate, we won’t hesitate to take robust action to disrupt suspected drug-related criminality in our neighbourhoods.

“We are fully committed to working with our local communities to act on intelligence and help increase community resilience.

“This is an excellent example of the York Outer Neighbourhoodteam working together with the public. The local community really can help by being our additional eyes and ears.

“Local people can help the police build up information that could lead to more action being taking, by telling the police about suspicious activity in their areas.

“Anyone with information about illegal activity should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

“If people don’t want to speak to the police or want to remain anonymous, information can be given to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Reference: 12180074712

Posted on 1 May 2018 at 05:48pm in News stories
