```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-01T15:04:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-17T10:07:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In November 2019 North Yorkshire Police along with the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority Ranger Service took part in Operation Byway. The joint operation specifically targets off-road vehicles which use the green lanes in the Yorkshire Dales. For much of the time this engagement is about educating and encouraging the considerate and lawful use of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/bradleybike-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Uninsured biker fined \xA3660 after rural Dales police and ranger operation - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uninsured-biker-fined-660-after-rural-dales-police-and-ranger-operation/
title: "Uninsured biker fined \xA3660 after rural Dales police and ranger operation"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uninsured-biker-fined-660-after-rural-dales-police-and-ranger-operation/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2020 at 03:04pm

A man has been fined more than £600 following an operation targeting off-road vehicles being used illegally in the Yorkshire Dales.

In November 2019 North Yorkshire Police along with the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority Ranger Service took part in Operation Byway. The joint operation specifically targets off-road vehicles which use the green lanes in the Yorkshire Dales.

For much of the time this engagement is about educating and encouraging the considerate and lawful use of routes for everyone in the National Park.

It is the responsibility of the user to check if these routes are open to legal vehicular access or not. This information can be found on the North Yorkshire County Council and National Park Authority website.

Along with 4×4 vehicles, motorbikes are also checked to ensure they are correctly insured, licensed and taxed, which is a requirement under the Road Traffic Act when used on these routes. The same rules apply on these green lanes as with any other road in our county.

On 3 November 2019, a group of people riding motorbikes were stopped near Gunnerside. One bike was being ridden without insurance, and the rider only had a provisional licence.

Ian Patrick Bradley, 44, from Sunderland, pleaded guilty to driving without insurance, and otherwise than in accordance with a licence. At court on 7 July 2020, he was fined £660, and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharge of £66. His licence was endorsed with eight points.

PC Mark Wood, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “I hope this result serves as a reminder of the kind of fines which users will get if they are caught committing offences on these routes. The Dales Neighbourhood Policing Team will be continuing to work with our National Park Rangers in Operation Byway in the future.”

Posted on 17 July 2020 at 11:07am in News stories, Rural
