```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-16T10:35:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-16T10:33:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On the morning of Saturday 14 July, a member of the public reported that rubbish including doors and sheets of glass had been dumped down the middle of Jolby Lane, near Stapleton, in Richmondshire. Officers attended within the hour, and swept the glass to the roadside to avoid any danger to motorists. The incident has [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Fly-tipping-on-Jolby-Lane-1024x782.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police clear fly tipped glass off the road to prevent danger to motorists - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clear-fly-tipped-glass-off-the-road-to-prevent-danger-to-motorists/
title: Police clear fly tipped glass off the road to prevent danger to motorists
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clear-fly-tipped-glass-off-the-road-to-prevent-danger-to-motorists/
```

Last modified: 16 July 2018 at 11:35am

Police officers had to sweep away shards of broken glass, after irresponsible fly tippers left rubbish strewn along a 100m stretch of road.

On the morning of Saturday 14 July, a member of the public reported that rubbish including doors and sheets of glass had been dumped down the middle of Jolby Lane, near Stapleton, in Richmondshire.

Officers attended within the hour, and swept the glass to the roadside to avoid any danger to motorists. The incident has been reported to the local authority.

It appears that a tipper vehicle discarded its load as it drove along the lane. If anyone saw the fly tipping taking place, or knows who may have done it, contact North Yorkshire Police via the 101 number and quote reference 12180127421.

To report incidents of fly tipping, visit www.gov.uk/report-flytipping

Earlier this month, Operation Eyeball was launched to tackle fly tipping in rural parts of North Yorkshire and the City of York, bringing together North Yorkshire Police with landowners and district and unitary councils to allow the sharing of intelligence and information.

Along with City of York Council, all seven North Yorkshire local authorities who have enforcement powers for this crime are involved in the operation: Selby District Council, Ryedale District Council, Hambleton District Council, Harrogate District Council, Craven District Council, Scarborough Borough Council and Richmondshire District Council. North Yorkshire County Council, Network Rail, the NFU and the Environment Agency, as landowners, are also involved.

North Yorkshire Police will be gathering and sharing intelligence around fly tipping hot spots, suspect vehicles and waste carriers.

Speaking at the time, Supt Paula Booth, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Fly-tipping is a selfish crime that blights local environments and spoils people’s enjoyment of our towns and countryside. It is a source of pollution, a potential danger to public health and a hazard to wildlife. It also undermines legitimate waste businesses who operate within the law.

“By working together, we can tackle this issue. We also need help from the public – if you find or witness fly-tipping, wherever it is, record as many details about the incident and the waste as you can, and report it to your local authority or via the gov.uk website. This will help the authorities take action against those responsible and stop them fly-tipping in the future.”

Posted on 16 July 2018 at 11:33am in News stories
