```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-08-04T14:07:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Community Messaging (NYCM) is a free system that allows people to register to receive the latest crime, safety and community news happening in their local neighbourhoods. It was launched in April 2016, and is now used by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner, Neighbourhood Watch, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/AppPic.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 20,000 milestone for North Yorkshire Community Messaging - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20000-milestone-north-yorkshire-community-messaging/
title: 20,000 milestone for North Yorkshire Community Messaging
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20000-milestone-north-yorkshire-community-messaging/
```

Last modified: 4 August 2017 at 03:07pm

More than 20,000 people are now signed up to an innovative community alert service to help keep North Yorkshire safe.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging (NYCM) is a free system that allows people to register to receive the latest crime, safety and community news happening in their local neighbourhoods.

It was launched in April 2016, and is now used by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner, Neighbourhood Watch, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, and the district councils of Selby, Ryedale, Hambleton and Richmondshire.

More than 1,250 people joined NYCM in July 2017 alone, bringing the total number of subscribers to over 20,000. That’s more than enough to fill Headingley cricket ground - or York's Bootham Crescent twice over.

As North Yorkshire is the largest county in England, community messaging can be used to share messages and appeals across a wide area very quickly, particularly in rural areas.

Users can tailor preferences for the type of message they receive, their preferred channel (phone, text, email or notification) and the locations that matter to them. A smartphone app even allows people to receive alerts based on their current location.

Superintendent Richard Anderson, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Neighbourhood policing is at the heart of our service, and this innovative system helps us keep in touch with residents and businesses quickly, efficiently and effectively.

“It’s excellent news that so many other organisations have joined North Yorkshire Community Messaging. It means our 20,000 subscribers can be better informed than ever before about what’s happening in their communities.”

Registering is safe, secure and easy, and takes less than five minutes. Just visit www.nycm.co.uk on a smartphone or PC to get started, or download the North Yorkshire Community Messaging app via Google Play or the App Store.

Posted on 4 August 2017 at 03:07pm in News stories
