```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-25T09:58:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a criminal damage incident that occurred in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses sought following vandalism in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-following-vandalism-in-skipton/
title: Witnesses sought following vandalism in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-following-vandalism-in-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a criminal damage incident that occurred in Skipton.

It happened to the rear of Carling Jones and Nestegg on Newmarket Street, Skipton in the alleyway leading to private flats sometime between Friday 20th and Monday 23rd February 2015 and involved paint being smeared across a first floor flat and ground floor walls of the buildings leading to permenant damage being caused

A second incident at the same location happened between 12:00pm and 12:30pm on Tuesday 24th February 2015 and involved two men smearing more paint on to the rear wall of the Nestegg building before fleeing prior to police arrival.

The men involved have been described as an average height, well tanned man with medium length brown hair and wearing a navy blue hoody along with a second man wearing a black hoody.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the two men involved and their movements on the Tuesday 24th February.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 83 William Moyle. You can also email william.moyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150030722.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150030722

Posted on 25 February 2015 at 09:58am in News stories
