```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-08-18T16:21:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '**UPDATE 5PM THURSDAY 18 AUGUST 2016** The A169 has now fully re-opened.'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '**UPDATE** A169 closed following serious collision - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-a169-closed-following-serious-collision/
title: '**UPDATE** A169 closed following serious collision'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-a169-closed-following-serious-collision/
```

Last modified: 18 August 2016 at 04:21pm

**UPDATE 5PM THURSDAY 18 AUGUST 2016** The A169 has now fully re-opened.

The two cars involved were a Vauxhall Corsa and a Renault Megane.

The driver of the Corsa, a woman in her twenties, suffered shock and was taken to York District Hospital to be checked over. The passenger of the Corsa, a man in his twenties, was also taken to York District Hospital with minor injuries.

The driver of the Megane, a man in his forties, did not sustain injuries but was taken to Scarborough Hospital to be checked over.

A woman in her eighties who was a rear seat passenger in the Megane sustained serious injuries and was air lifted to James Cook Hospital, where she is in a critical condition.

Another passenger, a woman also in her eighties, was taken to Scarborough hospital with serious, but not believed to be life threatening, injuries.

At the time of the collision, the Corsa was travelling North and the Megane was travelling South.

Officers are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, to get in touch.

Dial 101, press 1 and pass information onto the force control room.

Please quote reference number NYP-18082016-0179 when passing on information.

**********************************

Emergency services are at the scene of a serious collision on the A169 at Low Marishes, Malton.

The incident happened at shortly before 11.30am and involved two cars.

The A169 has been closed between High Marishes and the A64. Diversions are in place.

The road will be closed for several hours and drivers are urged to avoid the area.

Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to call police. Dial 101, press 1 and pass information onto the force control room.

Please quote reference number NYP-18082016-0179 when passing on information.

Posted on 18 August 2016 at 04:21pm in News stories
