```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-23T08:16:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Thursday 19 October 2017 at approximately 12.15pm when\_a woman in her 6os was stopped by a man on a bicycle asking for for assistance. During\_a short conversation the man put his hand in the woman&#8217;s pocket and took\_out her purse. The woman\_noticed her purse was missing and called for help from another [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following attempt theft of purse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempt-theft-of-purse/
title: Appeal following attempt theft of purse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempt-theft-of-purse/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information regarding the attempt theft of a purse that occurred on Grove Park Avenue, Harrogate.

It happened on Thursday 19 October 2017 at approximately 12.15pm when a woman in her 6os was stopped by a man on a bicycle asking for for assistance.

During a short conversation the man put his hand in the woman's pocket and took out her purse.

The woman noticed her purse was missing and called for help from another man who was walking past. As a result, the suspect handed back the purse and cycled off.

The cyclist is described as white, 5ft6 tall, 20-30 years old, short black/grey hair and was un-shaven. He was wearing a long black coat and riding a racing type bike which was covered in mud.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who was in the area at the time who may be able to help identify the man on the cycle.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rebecca Cullinane. You can also email Rebecca.cullinane1994@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170187693

Contact details:
 becky cullinane \- #1994
rebecca.cullinane1994@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext 31994
Incident reference:
 12170187693
Posted on 23 October 2017 at 09:16am in Local appeals
