```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-09T11:10:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at The Winter Gardens, Wetherspoons pub between 5.40am and 5.50am on 10 November 2019 and involved three white men, who are believed to be aged between 25-33 years old. The men were making attempts to cover their faces with dark coloured scarves. Two of the men forced entry into the premises via the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/Wetherspoons-burglary-10.11.19-Still-of-Suspect.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary at Harrogate Wetherspoons - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-at-harrogate-wetherspoons/
title: Appeal following burglary at Harrogate Wetherspoons
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-at-harrogate-wetherspoons/
```

Last modified: 9 December 2019 at 11:10am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Harrogate.

It happened at The Winter Gardens, Wetherspoons pub between 5.40am and 5.50am on 10 November 2019 and involved three white men, who are believed to be aged between 25-33 years old. The men were making attempts to cover their faces with dark coloured scarves.

Two of the men forced entry into the premises via the external bin store area and through several internal doors leading into the Manager's office whilst the third waited in a maroon coloured Ford hatchback vehicle within the rear car park adjacent to The Ginnel.

The two men who entered the building were spooked by staff arriving and all three men left the area in the Ford hatchback.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the identity of the men and the vehicle that they have used.

In particular, we would like to know the routes that the vehicle may have taken prior to and after the incident and the identity of the man pictured.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 839 Elliott Chamberlin. You can also email elliott.chamberlin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190207281.

Contact details:
 Elliott Chamberlin \- #0839
elliott.chamberlin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 - extension 30839
Incident reference:
 12190207281
Posted on 9 December 2019 at 11:10am in Local appeals
