```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:27:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-18T10:26:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The police scene guard at Fulford Road cemetery in York, has this evening, been stood down following the discovery of a number of weapons yesterday.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE: York cemetery weapons discovery - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-york-cemetery-weapons-discovery/
title: 'UPDATE: York cemetery weapons discovery'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-york-cemetery-weapons-discovery/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:27am

The police scene guard at Fulford Road cemetery in York, has this evening, been stood down following the discovery of a number of weapons yesterday.

Today, 18 February 2016, officers have been searching the cemetery and have recovered more weapons including a firearm.

Yesterday (17 February) officers recovered weapons from the cemetery and two from inside a vehicle. The vehicle has also been seized.

Today, officers found three more bladed weapons and one firearm.

In total 12 weapons, including knives, machetes, a hammer and a firearm have been recovered.

Clearly this discovery is alarming for members of the public, however, we would like to reassure the local community that we believe the wider community were not at risk from the incident.

The investigation remains ongoing to trace the people connected to the weapons who can expect to face the full force of the law once they are traced.

To recap, police responded to reports of a fight at Fulford Road cemetery on Wednesday afternoon at around 2.15pm. On arrival, there was no fight in progress and no reports of any injuries.

Witnesses to the incident or anyone with information that could assist the investigation, are urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

If you would prefer to remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference NYP-17022016-0216 when providing details about this incident.

18 February 2016

Posted on 18 February 2016 at 10:26am in News stories
