```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-16T12:58:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 28 new Police Community Support Officers will soon be out and about helping to keep North Yorkshire safe after successfully completing their initial training. The new recruits, whose backgrounds include a parish councillor, TV extra, sled dog trainer, student, professional dancer, prison worker and a member of the Military Wives Choir, have just undergone an [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/PCSO-131219-group-1-email-crop-1024x524.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 28 new PCSOs ready to keep North Yorkshire safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/28-new-pcsos-ready-to-keep-north-yorkshire-safe/
title: 28 new PCSOs ready to keep North Yorkshire safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/28-new-pcsos-ready-to-keep-north-yorkshire-safe/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2019 at 12:58pm

28 new Police Community Support Officers will soon be out and about helping to keep North Yorkshire safe after successfully completing their initial training.

28 new Police Community Support Officers will soon be out and about helping to keep North Yorkshire safe after successfully completing their initial training.

The new recruits, whose backgrounds include a parish councillor, TV extra, sled dog trainer, student, professional dancer, prison worker and a member of the Military Wives Choir, have just undergone an intensive 10-week training programme to equip them for life on the North Yorkshire beat.

Their ages range from 19 to 62, proving that age is no barrier to a new career.

62-year-old Gary Grieve is the force’s eldest recruit and brings a myriad life experiences to the role, from being a TV extra in New Zealand to working with older and vulnerable people.

Gary said: “I became a PCSO at the age of 62 because it is a job which offers a challenge, and which utilises many of the skills which I have gained over the past 30 years. I have worked in a variety of community settings, with the elderly, people with learning difficulties, the homeless, and people with drug addiction. And I believe that I can make a contribution to the work of North Yorkshire Police.”

Youngest recruit Ethan Sampson, comes to the force straight from sixth form college. He said: "Once I left sixth form, I thought my studying days were over, but then I signed up to a job with 10 weeks classroom-based learning! My interest in the police came from an extended project at college about armed police officers. I'm hoping my role as a PCSO will stand me in good stead to eventually become a police officer."

The new PCSOs attended their passing out ceremony at police headquarters on Friday 13 December in front of proud family and friends and will now be assigned to their respective teams across York and North Yorkshire.

Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain welcomed the new PCSOs to the North Yorkshire Police family. He said: “I’m delighted to welcome this latest intake of PCSOs who will play an integral, frontline role in helping to protect the communities of North Yorkshire. Their life and work experience, varied backgrounds and knowledge will be an asset to the force.

“They can be very proud of their achievement in getting to this stage in their policing career and can now look forward to a challenging, varied and very rewarding career with us. I look forward to catching up with them as they take up their new roles across the force.”

The PCSOs will be posted to the following areas:

York 10

Harrogate 5

Scarborough 4

Northallerton 3

1 each for Filey, Selby, Ripon and Skipton

Police Community Support Officers are uniformed members of police staff who play a vital front-line role and work as part of neighbourhood policing teams to provide high-visibility patrols, crime prevention advice and public events and engagement opportunities. They work with victims of crime, local schools, councils and other organisations to focus on what concerns local people the most. They do not have powers of arrest but have certain designated powers surrounding antisocial behaviour, tobacco and alcohol, transport and fixed penalty notices.

Posted on 16 December 2019 at 12:58pm in News stories
