```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-26T15:38:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-26T15:36:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Logo-design-2018-2-300x157.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Glittering awards ceremony celebrates summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/contribution-of-north-yorkshire-young-people/
title: Glittering awards ceremony celebrates summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/contribution-of-north-yorkshire-young-people/
```

Last modified: 26 November 2018 at 03:38pm

The extraordinary contribution of North Yorkshire's youngsters to their communities has been celebrated at an awards ceremony.

North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community.

They then had until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they did in a log book provided by the police. An award ceremony recognising their hard work was held on Wednesday, 14 November at York Racecourse.

Nineteen teams from Richmond, Scarborough, Whitby, Thirsk, Craven, Hawes, Bedale, Tadcaster, Selby and Ripon took part and returned their log books – involving over 50 young people and 19 adult advisors who supported them.

The challenges teams could be involved with were:

 * Suzanne Asquith – Dream Come True Challenge
 * Police and Crime Commissioner – Community Safety Challenge
 * The Shepherd Group – Conservation Challenge
 * Eboracum – Security Challenge
 * Energi – Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge
 * CNG Ltd – Energy ‘Sustainability’ Challenge
 * High Sheriff North Yorkshire – Harm Reduction Challenge

All team members and adult advisors who taken part received a Lifestyle framed certificate. The prizes included an Adventure Activity holiday at Bewerley Park for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Place teams. Stunt scooters, helmets and Yorkmaze family day passes for 4th and 5th place, plus Energi trampoline vouchers for the remaining teams.

Winners of the Lifestyle 2018 this year were:

**1 st Place – ‘Team Davison’ **from Bedale, winners of the Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge, presented by CC Lisa Winward and PC Mick Asquith

The two young team members carried out various activities over the summer period. These included providing company and caring for lots of local elderly people, making tea and cake, washing cars and other chores. Taught elderly people how to download technology, including You Tube and IPlayer. Helped to fix an IPad so that a lady could contact her relatives abroad.

They visited an elderly lady who was lonely, talked with her, washed her windows and bought her flowers. They attended a dementia support group on several occasions, made bird boxes and hedgehog houses for Mowbray School and the local community. The team worked on an event in October for Habitat Day and Older Peoples Day - obtaining plants and compost for free from local suppliers. This was combined in one event **‘Love Activity, Hate Exercise’** a project using gardening to get older people working with children improving gardens and habitats.

**2 nd Place – Team ‘Flower Power’ **from Hawes, winners of the Shepherd Group Conservation Challenge, presented by Mr Kurt Calder and DCC Phil Cain

The four young people from Hawes formed the team to convert a waste patch of land in Gayles, Hawes into a garden space. They wrote to their local Councillor to ask permission and gained assistance from Hawes’ resident gardening guru, Mr Richard Noble. They cleared the area by removing dense weeds and rubble. To raise funds for the plants they held two separate cake stalls outside the Market Hall in Hawes. They raised a total of £270.

They chose the plants and manged to get all the planting done. Lots of people stopped to talk to the team and say how fantastic it looked and what an improvement they had made. They nurture and keep maintaining these. They had money left from the cake sales so they donated £25 to ‘Hawes in Bloom’ and £25 to Yorkshire Air Ambulance.

**3rd Place - ‘Thirsk Angels’** from Sessay, winners of the Eboracum - Safety and Security Challenge

The team of two girl’s main project was to help the elderly to keep safe in the heat. Informing the elderly how to ‘Beat the Heat’ by producing a colourful leaflet and supplying bottles of water. The message was supported by the local NHS and Clinical Commissioning Group – who helped the team spread their message. The team raised money from a cake sale, to fund the water which they then donated free of charge to the elderly as part of their educational campaign.

The manager of the care home that was approached was more than happy to help out believing the idea to be a good one, she also publicised the campaign on the company Facebook account. The whole project received lots of interest on social media as well as local media in the Newspaper. The team also litter picked around the area.

**Joint 4th Place - ‘Fearless four’** from Craven. Winners of the Police and Crime Commissioner Community Safety Challenge, presented by Mrs Julia Mulligan.

The team of four girls wanted to make older people in their community to smile and feel happy. The team provided a colourful garden for the Spring bank Care Home in Silsden. The idea was to help provide a dementia friendly outside space for the residents. They created it in the style of a beach or seaside theme to help bring back memories from past times. The garden shed was painted in blue and white stripes to resemble a beach hut.

They planted numerous plants that had been donated as well as painted plant pots and bird boxes for the garden. They baked cakes and buns for the residents and smashed their £150 target to raise funds for further plants. They also held a sponsored silence which is understood to have been hard for some of them, however they managed it! They raised over £350 to be used by Care Home to buy new plants in the spring.

**Joint 4th Place** - This is Impossible Not! from Crakehall. Winners of the Energi Sports Challenge, presented by Mark Davies.

The team of 3 boys wanted to raise money for the new park. They raised money by fundraising through organising a second hand stall, a coffee morning and car wash was held at the village hall after seeking permission from the local Town Council. They designed their own posters to advertise the events and contacted the local paper where they had a story published about their work.

They raised funds by arranging and completing a sponsored ‘scoot’ from Crakehall to Bedale and back again. The money raised was presented to the parish council and they received a Certificate of Appreciation. The team were already friends but this challenge enabled them to work together as a team – raising a fantastic £542.

**Joint 5th Place - ‘Fabulous Four’** from Richmond. Winners of the High Sheriff North Yorkshire Harm Reduction Challenge, presented by Mr Chris Legard and Tracy Hills

Their project was about restoring and tidying up ‘the Pinfold’ an historical garden within their village. By planting new flowers and raising money for a garden feature. Permission was agreed by the Parish Council and letters distributed to local shops for donations of plants. Bake sales were also conducted to raise funds for plants as well as garden features. The work was recognised by local media and the parish council newsletter.

The team made a fantastic difference for their local community. The team also took on a litter pick of the area and designed some signs to help reduce speeding through the village. The parish council also issued a Certificate of Appreciation to the team for the work they carried out.

**Joint 5th Place - ‘Together 2 Make a Difference’** from Whitby. Winners of the CNG Ltd Energy ‘Sustainability’ Challenge, presented by Mr Chris England and Tracy Hills

The four girl team are passionate about keeping their beaches tidy. They want to protect the sea life and environment by reducing the amount of litter on our beaches. The team completed numerous beach sweeps over the summer period. They raised £150 for Whitby beach sweep through events such as tombola’s, making and selling cakes. This money was used to buy beach cleaning equipment such as litter pickers and disposable gloves.

The team helped open the #2 minute beach clean station on Whitby Beach which encourages visitors to just give up two minutes of their time to help clean the beach of rubbish either discarded by visitors or washed in from the sea. With Whitby Beach Sweep Team they have given an assembly in school detailing the work they have carried out to protect our environment.

Other teams and their great activities that took part in the Lifestyle were:

**Tadfastics** – from Tadcaster. Wanting to take elderly residents back in time the team of three girls organised a 1940’s/50’s fun day for residents, including the residents of Popplewell Springs Residential Home. They held a tea dance, included a memory board, WW2 food, singing and a restored WW2 ambulance. Residents were able to have a nostalgic look back at events from their childhood. The star of the day was ‘Henri’ a restored French WW2 ambulance.

**Thoughtful Friends** from Selby. The two young people wanted to reach out to the elderly and isolated people in their community by providing a ‘Swing’ themed afternoon tea - where they could bring them together. The team worked with Fernbank a local care home for the elderly. An afternoon was arranged including a musician, a raffle and cakes. Local companies were contacted who assisted in donating, foodstuff and raffle prizes for the event. The team have since been asked for a repeat performance.

**Selby Youth** – from Selby. Four girls trying to change the way young people are perceived by their elders. They worked with various groups including the elderly, disabled and vulnerable. They raised money through baking and selling cakes. They received support from a local garden centre who donated plants to be planted and brighten up the area. They played football with a group of adults with educational needs. They cleared an overgrown garden for an elderly couple who could not do the work, uncovering a bench and a bird table in the process. They litter picked locally.

**Huskys** – from Crayke. The team of two wanted to help the Homeless by provided food and toiletries out of their own pocket money to the homeless in York. They got involved in the Street kitchen providing hot meals for those less fortunate helping to clear away the rubbish afterwards. They also helped in donating a mattress to a young boy who had been sleeping on the floor. The team learnt a great deal from the homeless people they met and realised there are various reason as to why people end up homeless.

They designed ‘Lifestyle Rocks’ for members of the community to find and helped dog walking for a person with fibromyalgia. They made dog treats and used Facebook asking for locals to donate foodstuff for hedgehogs at a local sanctuary, donating their own money too.

**Sowerby Stars** -from Sowerby. 3 boys who wanted to clean up areas where they live and play. The team managed to conduct a litter pick and clean-up of the local skate park. The work was put up on social media attracting 164 likes and 20 comments about the good work that was achieved. The team continued to carry out litter picks throughout the summer holidays.

**Community Helpers** – from Bedale. The four girls wanted to make North Yorkshire a happy and welcoming place to visit, not just for people but for the wildlife too. The team carried out litter picks as well as designing posters encouraging residents not to drop litter and to think about our environment.

They collected for a local food bank, distributing leaflets in the area informing people where they can obtain assistance from the food share project. They listed items for the project, collecting 9 bags of household items and clothing for donation to the local charity shops. The team contacted Sir Gary Verity for support, as part of Welcome to Yorkshire. They wrote to the manager of the local McDonalds suggesting a #lesslitterMcDonalds campaign where McDonalds could assist in reducing litter by encouraging their customers to pick up after themselves. The team also got involved in a Memory Walk and making Bug Hotels for local wildlife.

**#Ourplanet from** Sessay. The two girls collected for their local food bank and collected litter around their village. They designed and distributed leaflets for the local community, asking for donations for the local food bank. The leaflet gave the option for residents to leave donations on their doorsteps so that they could be collected on a pre-arranged date. Lots of donations were made and there was lots of appreciation over social media and in some of the donations made. The team then designed thank you letters for their community.

**R & M Power **from Sessay. Two girls put on a community ‘catch up’ event at Sessay village hall. The tea and cakes were free but the team raised money by conducting a raffle. The team also visited homes of the elderly in the village and carried out odd jobs for them. Flyers were sent out to local residents asking if they had any jobs which they wanted doing. They visited the local Elderly Residential Home to provide company and conversation to the residents.

They designed posters and put them up over the village reminding owners to pick up after their dogs. The team have grown in confidence and also realised _‘what a difference having a little company can make to some peoples lives’._ They received good coverage in the media, thanking them for their efforts. __

**Uni – Flam!!!!!** from Sowerby. The team of two girls wanted to Help the community by being kind to others. Their team motto is _‘IT’S NICE TO BE NICE ’_

Throughout the summer the team completed various tasks in order to help in their local community. These included cleaning up of picnic areas, raising money at an Art and Craft Fair, litter picking, car washing (for free) and bulb planting. This improved their local environment, as well as making them feel part of their community. All money made at the craft fair went to The Thirsk Clock, a youth project in Thirsk. The team’s efforts were recognised by Thirsk Rotary on Facebook.

**#Golden Girls** from Thirsk. Their project is about walking other people’s dogs when they can’t. The team of 3 girls helped in walking other peoples’ dogs during the summer. This helped one member of the team (Fiona) to conquer her own fear of dogs.

**The Esk Valley Warriors** from Danby. The team of two boys noticed that the amount of road side rubbish in their home area has greatly increased. They did not want to live in a ‘dirty area’ and it also looks bad to visitors to the national park. The team identified areas of concern in relation to littering and numerous black sacks of rubbish were collected. The team contacted local food outlets and organisations to remind them of their responsibility. They received lots of support over Social Media, the Parish Council, North York Moors and local media.

**Glitzy Girls** from Scarborough. The team wanted to raise money for Scarborough, Whitby and Ryedale Foster Care Association (SWRFCA) which is their local fostering association. The team are two foster sisters and wanted to put something back into the association which has meant a lot to them, by organising a families day out. The team raised raffle prizes by contacting local companies, the main prize being one week passes for a local gym and spa. They found a venue at the Sea Life Centre in Scarborough, to run their event free of charge. The money raised will pay for ice creams for those attending.

This year the sponsors include The Police and Crime Commissioner, the Shepherd group, Eboracum, Energi Leisure, CNG Ltd, High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, York Maze, York Racecourse and Minster FM. The sponsors will be attending the award ceremony and have the opportunity to meet the young team members when presenting them with their award.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "It was such a fantastic night, seeing everyone receive their award. Celebrating all the hard work and dedication these young team members carried out over the summer to help their community.

"The teams should be really proud of what they have achieved by raising over £2100 and completed in excess of 830 hours carrying out their worthwhile projects. That’s 34.5 days in total!

"I would like to thank the sponsors, York Racecourse, Minster FM, the volunteer police cadets and everyone who has taken part to make this a very special night."

Posted on 26 November 2018 at 03:36pm in News stories
