```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-22T18:19:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-22T00:01:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is rated &quot;good&quot; at keeping people safe and reducing crime, according to the latest HMICFRS report.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/northyorkshirepolice_33157275845.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police is rated &quot;good&quot; for effectiveness - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hmicfrs-march2018/
title: North Yorkshire Police is rated "good" for effectiveness
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hmicfrs-march2018/
```

Last modified: 22 March 2018 at 06:19pm

Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services has published its latest PEEL report into police effectiveness today. It rates North Yorkshire Police as "good" at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

This rating encompassed individual ratings of “good” for investigating crime and reducing re-offending, protecting vulnerable people and tackling serious and organised crime.

The HMICFRS report also confirmed that, in some key areas, North Yorkshire Police is out-performing the average for police forces in England and Wales. In particular:

 * North Yorkshire Police’s rate for identifying suspects is 7% higher than the average
 * The Force’s rate for taking action on offences is 8% higher than the average
 * Its rate for charging offenders is 5% higher than the average

Commenting on the report’s findings, North Yorkshire Police’s Deputy Chief Constable, Lisa Winward, said:

“This is the now the third time that we have been rated as good for keeping people safe and reducing crime, and we are pleased to be hitting that standard consistently, because it means the public can have full confidence in the service we provide.

“It was encouraging to see some of the things that we have worked hard to put in place over the last couple of years acknowledged in the report. For example, the investment we’ve made into mobile phone analysis, which plays such a big role in many investigations, or the partnership work with local councils and others that is helping us to be more proactive in protecting the most vulnerable people.

“The report also mentions the positive action we are taking to support and safeguard victims of domestic abuse. We plan to push that even further, as we start to roll-out more body-worn cameras across our frontline, which will help us to gather evidence against offenders even when the victim is reluctant to press charges.

“Things never stand still in policing, so we will keep on reviewing what we do, and how we do it, in an effort to improve. However this report, which rates us as “good” across the board, shows that we are an effective Force, and that we have a solid platform on which to build.”

Posted on 22 March 2018 at 12:01am in News stories
