```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-27T13:01:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in the Skipton area have issued a warning to older residents to be on their guard against cold callers offering to carry out work.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cold Caller warning in the Skipton area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cold-caller-warning-skipton-area/
title: Cold Caller warning in the Skipton area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cold-caller-warning-skipton-area/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police in the Skipton area have issued a warning to older residents to be on their guard against cold callers offering to carry out work.

Police in the Skipton area have issued a warning to older residents to be on their guard against cold callers offering to carry out work.

Officers have received reports of men in a white van approaching houses in Carleton near Skipton who have carried out work at at least one property.

Cold callers of this nature deliberately target older residents and prey on their trusting nature and vulnerability, overcharge for work and in some cases, don't carry out the work at all.

Officers are asking residents to keep an eye out for their older neighbours and friends and report any suspicious callers to the police by calling 101.

If you have any information about the latest incident in Carleton or if you have been targeted yourself by men in a white van, please also contact North Yorkshire Trading Standards on 03454 04 05 06.

If you feel threatened by a caller, always call the police on 999.

Our advice to anyone who receives cold callers at their door is to follow our “lock, stop, chain, check” advice:

Lock all doors – even when you are at home
Stop before you open the door, ask them who they are
Chain always use a door chain or spy hole
Check not sure who they are – don’t open the door!

Posted on 27 July 2016 at 01:01pm in News stories
