```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-10T10:27:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about collision in New Earswick, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal after schoolboy injured in New Earswick collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-schoolboy-injured-new-earswick-collision/
title: Witness appeal after schoolboy injured in New Earswick collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-schoolboy-injured-new-earswick-collision/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about collision in New Earswick, York.

It happened near to the junction of Aucuba Close, and Alder Way, New Earswick, at 3.30pm on Wednesday 1 February 2017. It involved an 11-year-old schoolboy who was cycling home from Joseph Rowntree School, when an unknown vehicle shunted his cycle from behind, causing him to fall off his cycle.

He sustained minor injuries, scrapes and bruising, as a result of the collision.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about how this incident occurred, and also to identify any other persons involved, as the driver of the vehicle failed to stop at the scene of the collision.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 0085 Sara Easton. You can also email Sara.Easton0085@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170019508.

Contact details:
 Sara Easton \- #0085
sara.easton0085@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170019508
Posted on 10 February 2017 at 10:27am in Local appeals
