```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-02-05T09:58:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The new officers have just completed their initial, 18-week training course and are about to start the next phase of their career. They will now be assigned to their local policing teams where they will work alongside more experienced colleagues to gain first-hand policing experience. \_ Their passing out ceremony took place in front of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/02/14-pass-out-Feb-2019.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 14 new police officers ready for action across North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-new-police-officers-ready-for-action-across-north-yorkshire/
title: 14 new police officers ready for action across North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-new-police-officers-ready-for-action-across-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 5 February 2019 at 09:58am

14 new police officers are now ready for life on the beat following their passing out ceremony on Friday 1 February 2019.

The new officers have just completed their initial, 18-week training course and are about to start the next phase of their career.

14 new officers join the ranks

They will now be assigned to their local policing teams where they will work alongside more experienced colleagues to gain first-hand policing experience.

Their passing out ceremony took place in front of family and friends at police headquarters in Northallerton and was hosted by Assistant Chief Constable Ciaron Irvine. He said: “I am delighted to welcome our latest group of new officers to the force following their intense initial training course. They can be very proud of what they have achieved so far and can now look forward to a challenging but very rewarding career on the front-line of policing.

“The support of family and friends is extremely important throughout a police officer’s career, so I would also like to thank all families and friends for their contribution and the sacrifices they have made to support our new recruits so far and into the future.”

The new officers bring a variety of life experience to their roles including a former social worker, youth pastor, supermarket manager, prison officer, cabin crew, lifeguard, and former police community support officers and police staff.

They will be based in York (5), Northallerton (3), Richmond (2), Harrogate (2), Scarborough (1), and Skipton (1).

Posted on 5 February 2019 at 09:58am in News stories
