```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T10:01:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-13T09:59:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Scarborough man has today (Wednesday 13 May 2015) been jailed for 13 years and six months for the horrific rape of a woman.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Thomas_Holmes-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough rapist jailed for over 13 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-13-years/
title: Scarborough rapist jailed for over 13 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-13-years/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 10:01am

A Scarborough man has today (Wednesday 13 May 2015) been jailed for 13 years and six months for the horrific rape of a woman.

Thomas Holmes, 43, was sentenced at York Crown Court after pleading guilty to four counts of rape and one of attempted rape. The court also issued him with a restraining order for life.

The offences took place at a property in Scarborough where Holmes subjected his victim to verbal, physical and sexual abuse over the course of one evening, into the early hours of the following day.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Vicky Millington of Scarborough Serious Crime Team, said: "This is one of the most horrific cases I have dealt with in my career as a detective. The length of the sentence handed out to Holmes reflects the gravity of his sickening crimes. He subjected his victim to a degrading, humiliating and frightening attack over a protracted period of time. She was recovering from a serious illness at the time and has been left with permanent health issues as a result.

"I am pleased that Holmes pleaded guilty, sparing the victim the ordeal of having to re-live her suffering through a trial. She has shown extreme bravery in coming forward and providing evidence to enable us to prosecute Holmes.

"No jail sentence can ever undo the traumatic abuse she endured, but I hope the fact that Holmes is now serving a lengthy prison sentence, brings her some comfort that justice has been done, and she can now start to rebuild her life.

"I would also like to thank our partner agencies who have worked with us to support the victim throughout her ordeal."

Anyone who is affected by sexual abuse, whether it is happening now, or occurred many years ago, should not hesitate to come forward to the police or contact one of the many agencies who can help.

If you do not want to talk to the police, you can contact Bridge House, North Yorkshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) directly on 01904 669339 www.turntobridgehouse.org

 * To contact North Yorkshire Police please call 101.
 * If you have a speech or hearing impairment you can use Textphone 18001 101 for all non-emergencies
 * **In an emergency or if your safety is threatened, always call the police on 999.**
 * Textphone 18000 - in an emergency

******Other organisations who can help include:**

 * North Yorkshire's Confidential rape support line on 0300 111 0777 run by IDAS
 * Independent Domestic Abuse Services (York and North Yorkshire) 03000 110 110
 * Domestic Abuse Services (Scarborough and Ryedale) 01723 365609

Posted on 13 May 2015 at 09:59am in News stories
