```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-03-23T13:16:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'He was John Spurling, 74. Mr Spurling was visiting the UK from his home in Perth, Western Australia. In a statement, Mr Spurling&#8217;s family said: &#8220;The profound sorrow at the loss of our dad in such tragic circumstances is almost overwhelming. His sudden loss has devastated us and his many friends. We are so grateful [&hellip;]'
  image: https://dmscdn.vuelio.co.uk/publicitem/94b2e262-4283-43c5-b154-96751836fa2a
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Family pay tribute to man who died in Aysgarth collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-pay-tribute-to-man-who-died-in-aysgarth-collision/
title: Family pay tribute to man who died in Aysgarth collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-pay-tribute-to-man-who-died-in-aysgarth-collision/
```

Last modified: 23 March 2020 at 01:16pm

The man who died in a collision in Aysgarth near Leyburn earlier this month has been identified by police.

He was John Spurling, 74. Mr Spurling was visiting the UK from his home in Perth, Western Australia.

In a statement, Mr Spurling's family said: "The profound sorrow at the loss of our dad in such tragic circumstances is almost overwhelming. His sudden loss has devastated us and his many friends. We are so grateful for the love and support we've been shown.

"We've not only been reminded of his generous spirit, his remarkable patience, his talent and humour but many have shared with us special memories of our dad and stories of his kindness that we didn't know, which we've loved. He would be so humbled."

Mr Spurling was on a tour of the Yorkshire Dales. His family said he was photographing the picturesque scenery, and loving the Dales.

The collision occurred on Church Bank, Aysgarth, at around 12.30pm on Thursday 12 March 2020.

An HGV driver, a 28-year-old man from Cheshire East, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving. Following questioning he was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Witnesses or anyone with information about the incident are asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Julie Brown.

Alternatively, email the Major Collision Investigation Team via MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Please quote reference number 12200042833 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 23 March 2020 at 01:16pm in News stories
