```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T14:08:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-04T14:07:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a motorcyclist died in a collision near Horton-in-Ribblesdale
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in collision near Horton in Ribblesdale - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-dies-collision-near-horton-ribblesdale/
title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in collision near Horton in Ribblesdale
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-dies-collision-near-horton-ribblesdale/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 02:08pm

Police are appealing for information after a motorcyclist died in a collision near Horton-in-Ribblesdale

It happened at around 7.25pm on Wednesday 3 June 2015 on the B6479 road between Horton-in-Ribblesdale and Selside, half a mile before Selside.

The motorcyclist, a 27-year-old man from the Blackburn area of Lancashire, was riding a grey, Triumph Daytona motorcycle towards Ribblehead Viaduct when he collided with a sign at the side of the road.

The police, paramedics and the air ambulance attended the collision, but sadly, the rider was pronounced deceased at the scene.

Police are appealing to anyone who was travelling between Settle and Ribblehead Viaduct who either saw the motorcyclist, who was travelling with seven other motorcycles at the time, and to anyone who witnessed the collision, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the TC819 Iain Atkinson of the Major Collision Investigation Unit. Alternatively, contact can be made via email toiain.atkinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150092405 when passing on information.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and for collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around midnight.

4 June 2015

Posted on 4 June 2015 at 02:07pm in News stories
