```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-15T13:41:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-15T13:37:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The facility will train both new and current CSIs from the region across the four forces of North Yorkshire Police, Humberside Police, South Yorkshire Police and West Yorkshire Police, as well as delegates from other forces across the country. The new centre, based in Wetherby, includes a state-of-the-art classroom, a fully set up residential house, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/csi1-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New facility provides state-of-the-art training for Crime Scene Investigators - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-facility-provides-state-of-the-art-training-for-crime-scene-investigators/
title: New facility provides state-of-the-art training for Crime Scene Investigators
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-facility-provides-state-of-the-art-training-for-crime-scene-investigators/
```

Last modified: 15 October 2020 at 02:41pm

A new Crime Scene Investigator (CSI) Training Centre for the Yorkshire and Humber region has opened its doors.

The facility will train both new and current CSIs from the region across the four forces of North Yorkshire Police, Humberside Police, South Yorkshire Police and West Yorkshire Police, as well as delegates from other forces across the country.

The new centre, based in Wetherby, includes a state-of-the-art classroom, a fully set up residential house, a corner shop, estate agents, a pub and a car garage for vehicle examination.

Pete Arnold, Head of Operations for the Regional Scientific Support Service, said: "As a large organisation we have a lot of CSIs that need training, this facility will provide state-of-the-art training in a realistic setting as if they were doing the job in the real world.

"Whilst the centre will be primarily used by CSI based across the Yorkshire and Humber Region it will also be open for delegates from other police forces across the country.

"We've turned an old three bedroom police house into a domestic house, like you and I would live in. This house is used to simulate real life scenarios like burglaries, thefts, sexual assaults and murders.

"We've also converted some garage space to create our own small parade of shops which include a pub, local shop and estate agents. We also have a garage where we can forensically examine vehicles.

"We can't wait to introduce more trainees to the facility and train the CSIs of the future!"

Detective Chief Superintendent Patrick Twiggs, Head of Crime for the Regional Organised Crime Unit, said: "This facility is absolutely fantastic and I've been blown away - this is great news for the Yorkshire and Humber Region.

"There's a number of locations where we can train our CSI colleagues but equally we can use it to train detectives and the Senior Investigating Officers of the future in all aspects of major crime and investigation.

"This is an essential tool for solving crime as we work together with our CSI and Forensic colleagues.

"I think it's really important in terms of training that you have an effective and realistic training environment. You don't have to pretend, you can immerse yourself as if you were at a real-life crime scene."

Posted on 15 October 2020 at 02:37pm in News stories
