```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T09:06:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-23T09:05:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at the Crown Spa Hotel, Esplanade, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Identity sought for suspects of Scarborough hotel burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/identity-sought-suspects-scarborough-hotel-burglary/
title: Identity sought for suspects of Scarborough hotel burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/identity-sought-suspects-scarborough-hotel-burglary/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 09:06am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at the Crown Spa Hotel, Esplanade, Scarborough.

It happened at 23:55 hours on Monday 20 April 2014 at the rear of the hotel which backs on to Albion Back Road, in the south cliff area of Scarborough, and involved four persons believed to be youths, enter through an insecure door into the kitchen area and steal food to the value of £400.00. The suspects have entered on foot from the direction of Crown Terrace and made off on foot back towards that direction.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about whether members of the public noticed anyone in the area at the time, particularly four people dressed in dark tracksuit clothing wearing their hoods. One of the suspects is wearing a distinctive beanie-type hat with a bobble.

The foods that have been stolen include a box of salmon which alone is worth £200.00. In addition, 120 eggs, bread, cheese and cream has also been stolen. Local businesses and residents are asked to get in touch with police if they have been offered for sale any of the items listed by people going door-to-door, or purchasing from people other than those they would normally do business with.

CCTV has captured the burglary and North Yorkshire Police has published still images of the suspects in the hope that the suspects themselves or people that might recognise them, come forward and assist the police with their enquiries.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jon Kenworthy of the Scarborough Investigation Hub or say "ZERO TWO EIGHT TWO". You can also email jonathon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150065314.

Follow us on Twitter: @ScarboroughPC

Date: Thursday 23 April 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150065314

Posted on 23 April 2015 at 09:05am in News stories
