```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:28:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-12T13:28:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a collision in East Ayton near Scarborough. Following the incident, a woman in her 60s died in hospital.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following East Ayton collision near Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-east-ayton-collision-near-scarborough/
title: Appeal following East Ayton collision near Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-east-ayton-collision-near-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:28pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a collision in East Ayton near Scarborough. Following the incident, a woman in her 60s died in hospital.

The collision happened on Carr Lane at around 4.40pm on Wednesday 3 June 2015, when a blue Mini Countryman, travelling towards Long Lane, left the road and collided with a wall.

The driver of the Mini, 74-year-old woman from the Scarborough area, was taken to hospital with slight injuries and later discharged. Her passenger, a 66-year-old woman, also from the Scarborough area, sustained serious injuries and was taken to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough. Sadly she died four days later on 7 June 2015.

Police investigating the collision are appealing for information and witnesses.

Traffic Sergeant Ian Pope, of North Yorkshire Police's Major Collision Investigation Team, said: "This is a tragic incident that has had significant impact on the family and friends of those involved.

"It is important that we establish the exact circumstances of the collision and what led to the Mini leaving the road and hitting the wall. I am therefore appealing to anyone who either saw a blue Mini Countryman travelling along Carr Lane before the crash and to anyone who witnessed the collision, to contact us."

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team. Or emailMCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150092365 when passing on information.

12 June 2015

Posted on 12 June 2015 at 01:28pm in News stories
