```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-01-04T12:14:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Following on from the Keeping safe at Christmas roadshows, police volunteers and members of the local policing team will be on hand at Morrisons supermarket on Foss Islands Road to help members of the public protect their property using the Dot Peen property marking system. Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/01/property-marking-persmission-given-from-parents-1-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Post-Christmas property marking at Morrisons in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/post-christmas-property-marking-morrisons-york/
title: Post-Christmas property marking at Morrisons in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/post-christmas-property-marking-morrisons-york/
```

Last modified: 4 January 2018 at 12:14pm

York police are urging residents to come along to a post-Christmas property marking event on Sunday 7 January 2018.

Following on from the Keeping safe at Christmas roadshows, police volunteers and members of the local policing team will be on hand at Morrisons supermarket on Foss Islands Road to help members of the public protect their property using the Dot Peen property marking system.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number including the owner’s postcode. It can be used on a range of items and acts as a deterrent to potential thieves and will also help to recover stolen property if it’s found.

All items marked will be listed on a national database, which means that if they are stolen and are recovered elsewhere, the owner can be easily identified.

Lots of different items can be marked using this system, including metal, wood, leather and plastic. This means property such as phones, laptops, cycles, DIY equipment and gardening tools can all be marked.

Inspector Lee Pointon of York Outer Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: “This is an ideal opportunity to bring along your Christmas presents and get them security marked. It’s a free service that provides added security to help deter thieves and will ensure any goods that are recovered by the police can be reunited with their rightful owner. It’s been very successful since it was introduced and has seen thousands of items security marked. The event is also an opportunity to come along for some general crime prevention advice. We hope to see you there.”

The team will be at Morrisons, Foss Islands Road, between 10am and 2pm on Sunday 7 January 2018.

Posted on 4 January 2018 at 12:14pm in News stories
