```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:50:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-20T14:49:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The English Defence League (EDL) is planning to demonstrate in Scarborough this weekend. They intend to march and demonstrate in support of homeless veterans. This will have an impact upon the town centre on the afternoon of Saturday 28 November.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and council prepared for Scarborough protest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-council-prepared-scarborough-protest/
title: Police and council prepared for Scarborough protest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-council-prepared-scarborough-protest/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:50pm

The English Defence League (EDL) is planning to demonstrate in Scarborough this weekend. They intend to march and demonstrate in support of homeless veterans. This will have an impact upon the town centre on the afternoon of Saturday 28 November.

A counter demonstration is expected to occur, organised by 'Unity' - a range of groups who are opposed to the presence of the EDL. Unity state they are supported by Unite Against Fascism, Unite the Union and Scarborough People's Assembly.

This activity is expected to take place from 11am to 4pm and may cause some disruption in the town centre, particularly in the vicinity of Vernon Road, Aberdeen Walk and the area outside the Brunswick Shopping Centre.

North Yorkshire Police have engaged with representatives from the EDL to facilitate peaceful and lawful protest. North Yorkshire Police also commenced discussions with representatives from Unity to facilitate an appropriate counter protest, but Unity subsequently withdrew from further dialogue. North Yorkshire Police are continuing to try and engage with Unity and will seek to facilitate peaceful protest by all parties on the day.

North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council understand the concerns of local people and local businesses about what this could mean for them, their families, their businesses and the town itself.

We know that many local people do not want their town to be used as a venue for demonstrations.

We also understand that some people may have an expectation that the police or council should ban the demonstrations.

To be clear, we do not have any legal powers to do this. We therefore have to plan for them in order to ensure public safety for everyone.

North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council have been working together, along with a wide range of local organisations, to plan for the demonstrations and to minimise disruption in the town centre.

The police and the council want to reassure and support all communities and businesses. Local people can have confidence in the police to maintain public safety and can be reassured that Scarborough will be returned to normal very quickly after the protests.

We are urging people not to be provoked into reacting to the demonstrations. The people of Scarborough have a big role to play: we ask that you allow the police to manage the protests and that you do not get involved yourselves. Peaceful protest is lawful and everyone's right, but we do not want people coming into Scarborough intent on confronting any protesters.

We are very experienced in managing demonstrations and large-scale events in Scarborough. So please let us handle the situation with the resources at our disposal. There will be plenty of police officers working in the town centre to ensure public safety. We are also working with British Transport Police in relation to the rail network and Scarborough Train Station.

In your communities, local neighbourhood policing teams and council representatives will be available to reassure and assist you.

North Yorkshire Police will not tolerate damage to the town or acts of violence.

Our aim is to ensure that the normal life of Scarborough can continue, the protestors leave the town centre as quickly as possible after the demonstrations, and that citizens can go about their daily lives unhindered as far as possible.

On the day of the demonstration, members of the public can view updates and accurate information from North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council on the social media site **Twitter**. You can follow **@NYorksPolice** and **@ScarboroCouncil**. We will be using the **#ScarboroughDemo** hashtag.

Posted on 20 November 2015 at 02:49pm in News stories
