```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-19T15:04:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-19T14:33:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A video camera fitted to the cyclist\u2019s handlebars partially captured the incident on camera. William Status Heslop, 33, was driving his Vauxhall Insignia along Ousegate in Selby on 26 June last year when he turned right into Barlby Road at the same time as the cyclist, who was travelling in the opposite direction, turned left. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/HESLOP-William-Status-270586-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two years in jail for man who deliberately drove into cyclist in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-years-in-jail-for-man-who-deliberately-drove-into-cyclist-in-selby/
title: Two years in jail for man who deliberately drove into cyclist in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-years-in-jail-for-man-who-deliberately-drove-into-cyclist-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 19 July 2019 at 04:04pm

A Thorpe Willoughby man has been jailed for two years after deliberately driving into a cyclist, causing him serious injuries.

A video camera fitted to the cyclist’s handlebars partially captured the incident on camera.

William Status Heslop, 33, was driving his Vauxhall Insignia along Ousegate in Selby on 26 June last year when he turned right into Barlby Road at the same time as the cyclist, who was travelling in the opposite direction, turned left.

William Status Heslop

Heslop cut across the cyclist’s path who shook his head at him due to the way he was driving. Heslop then carried out a series of dangerous manoeuvres.
As the cyclist continued behind Heslop’s car, he braked sharply for no apparent reason.

Heslop then turned his wheels in the direction of the cyclist who carried on along the road. A few seconds later Heslop deliberately drove into the 55-year-old cyclist causing him to fall off and sustain a number of broken ribs and a partially collapsed lung.

Heslop then drove off leaving the cyclist injured in the road. A nearby witness who came to the cyclist’s aid remarked on Heslop's smirk as he drove off.

Investigating officer, PC Richard Stagg from Selby police, said: “It’s not quite clear what Heslop hoped to achieve by his intimidating and ultimately dangerous behaviour towards the cyclist. But I hope this case sends a clear message to motorists who think they can get away with such aggressive behaviour towards other road users.

“We urge everyone to share the road and be courteous to each other otherwise you could end up in prison with a criminal record that will have a long-term, knock-on effect on other aspects of your life."

Heslop of Laurel Close, Thorpe Willoughby near Selby, pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving when he appeared at York Crown Court on 18 June 2019.

He was sentenced on 19 July 2019, and in addition to being locked up for two years, he was banned from driving for three years and cannot get back behind the wheel until he has taken an extended driving test.

Posted on 19 July 2019 at 03:33pm in News stories
