```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-01-03T16:25:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The victim was seen with the man at around 7pm near Lendal Bridge in York. She then walked with the man, down the side of the River Ouse in the direction of Scarborough Bridge, passing the Esplanade car park and the Post Office building on her left hand side. The victim and the man then [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after serious sexual assault on woman in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-serious-sexual-assault-woman-york/
title: Appeal for information after serious sexual assault on woman in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-serious-sexual-assault-woman-york/
```

Last modified: 3 January 2018 at 04:25pm

Police are appealing for information and witnesses to assist them in determining the identity of a man, following a serious assault on a woman in her 60’s in York on Tuesday 2 January 2018.

The victim was seen with the man at around 7pm near Lendal Bridge in York. She then walked with the man, down the side of the River Ouse in the direction of Scarborough Bridge, passing the Esplanade car park and the Post Office building on her left hand side.

The victim and the man then crossed over Scarborough Bridge and, once over the bridge, continued walking alongside the river, out of town towards the back of St Peter’s school and Clifton Bridge.

When they approached the back of St Peter’s School, the man subjected the woman to a serious sexual and physical assault and stole money from her.

Police are requesting anyone who saw a woman in her 60’s with a man in this area of York around 7pm, to contact them on 101, select option 1 and pass the information to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12180001044.

Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800555111.

Speaking about the incident, investigating officer Detective Inspector Alan Rowan said;

“This was a horrendous attack on a vulnerable woman, who the suspect befriended before luring her to a place where he could attack her.

“I urge anyone who was in the area at the time, to please cast their minds back and contact us if they can provide any assistance to our investigation.

“Unfortunately, the victim has found it difficult to provide any detailed description of the suspect and we appeal to members of the public to help us find her attacker.”

Posted on 3 January 2018 at 04:25pm in News stories
