```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-04T17:23:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-01T15:16:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV images following two thefts that took place at One Stop on Devonshire Place, Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man identified following CCTV appeal - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-one-stop-harrogate/
title: 'Update: Man identified following CCTV appeal'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-one-stop-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 4 December 2017 at 05:23pm

The man who officers wanted to speak to in connection with two thefts from the One Stop on Devonshire Place, Harrogate has been identified.

He received a Community Resolution Disposal and provided a written apology to the shop. **

** Thank you to all who shared our appeal

Original release: **Appeal following the theft from One Stop, Harrogate**

Police are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV images following two thefts that took place at One Stop on Devonshire Place, Harrogate.

The first incident happened on the 29 October 2017 when a man entered the shop shortly before 7pm, and taken several items without making any attempt to pay.

Police also believe that the same man was responsible for a theft that took place at the same shop on 1 November 2017.

Officers want to speak to the man in the CCTV image with the incident.

If you recognise the man or have any information that may assist please contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1972 Matthew Reeve. You can also email matthew.reeve@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170194462.

Posted on 1 December 2017 at 03:16pm in News stories
