```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-12T11:49:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Whitby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a robbery in Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-robbery-in-whitby/
title: Appeal following a robbery in Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-robbery-in-whitby/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Whitby.

At about 1.30pm on Thursday 12 February 2015 an elderly man parked his silver Daihatsu Terios motor vehicle in the disabled parking bays outside The Angle Hotel (Wetherspoons) on New Quay Road, Whitby.

The male suspect then opened the front passenger door and sat in the front passenger seat. The suspect referred to the victim by name, brandished a knife and demanded money.

The suspect then removed cash from the victim's wallet before making off on foot in the direction of Station Square. leaving the victim uninjured but shocked.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

The suspect is described as a white male, thin build, around 6ft tall, aged between 30 - 35yrs, with short dark coloured hair. He was wearing spectacles and a long dark coloured coat.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Neale Graham at Whitby CID. You can also email Neale.Graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150023979.

**12 February 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150023979

Posted on 12 February 2015 at 11:49am in News stories
