```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-09-05T15:28:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\xB7\_\_\_\_\_\_ Home Office campaign features serving police officers and urges people to join the police and \u2018Be a force for all\u2019 \xB7\_\_\_\_\_\_ Up to 200 officers could be recruited in North Yorkshire \xB7\_\_\_\_\_\_ North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain is encouraging potential recruits to register their interest at northyorkshire.police.uk/JoinUs A national campaign to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Website-News-image_Be-A-Force-For-All_960x640.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: National campaign to recruit 20,000 police officers launches today - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-campaign-to-recruit-20000-police-officers-launches-today/
title: National campaign to recruit 20,000 police officers launches today
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-campaign-to-recruit-20000-police-officers-launches-today/
```

Last modified: 5 September 2019 at 04:28pm

**·** **Home Office campaign features serving police officers and urges people to join the police and ‘Be a force for all’**
**· Up to 200 officers could be recruited in North Yorkshire**
**· North Yorkshire Police’s Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain is encouraging potential recruits to register their interest atnorthyorkshire.police.uk/JoinUs**

A national campaign to recruit 20,000 new police officers is launched today (Thursday) – urging people to join the police and ‘Be a force for all’.

The police recruitment drive is the biggest in decades and could mean an additional 200 police officers across North Yorkshire.

The ‘Be a force for all’ campaign has been developed by the Home Office in partnership with the police and using feedback from the public via independent research.

It features serving police officers, including a neighbourhood officer, a police dog handler and a firearms officer. One of the officers started as a volunteer Special Constable, while another is a former charity executive who changed career.

They appear on billboards and digital displays at locations across England and Wales, including at shopping centres and railway stations, as well as in a radio advertisement.

A new website has also been set up to provide potential recruits with more information and direct those interested in policing in North Yorkshire to the recruitment pages on North Yorkshire Police’s website.

Potential recruits can also express their interest before recruitment opens in North Yorkshire directly on the force’s website at northyorkshire.police.uk/JoinUs

A second phase of advertising is planned for the New Year.

Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain of North Yorkshire Police said:

“This is an exciting opportunity for anyone considering a career in policing to join our team.

“The role of the Police Officer is one of the most important parts of the policing family. No other job gives you the sense of satisfaction like this job does – you will be the frontline of the criminal justice system, helping people in their time of need and assisting when they are at their most vulnerable. It is a challenging but extremely rewarding role which offers long-term career opportunities.

“There is no denying that 200 additional officers will make a significant difference to policing in North Yorkshire but for us to achieve that figure we need people to apply. We’ll be announcing further details when recruitment opens in North Yorkshire soon but in the meantime, please register your interest here: northyorkshire.police.uk/JoinUs

“We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and experiences and recognise that the more our force reflects the diverse communities that we serve, the stronger it becomes. Whether you are just starting out in your career or are a more experienced and mature individual looking for your next challenge, this is your police force, please come and join it.”

Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire’s Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, said:

“This a huge moment for policing across the country, including here in North Yorkshire, and it will mean more visible policing for our communities in the years ahead – something which I know is one of the priorities of residents and businesses here.

“We are already investing in more police officers to ensure everyone is as safe as possible and feels as safe as possible and it’s hard to underestimate the impact an additional 200 officers will have. The Prime Minister is right to prioritise this, and I welcome his commitment.

“The launch of the new City Task Force in York and the continued investment in our Rural Task Force shows how we are already making a difference in the fight against crime, but this government investment will allow us to do more, be seen more and get more criminals off our streets.

“To get our fair share of officers, we need people to come forward to apply to join North Yorkshire Police. Being a police officer is a demanding role but a vital one for our community and I hope anyone interested takes this opportunity to find out more and apply.”

For more information visit joiningthepolice.co.uk

Posted on 5 September 2019 at 04:28pm in News stories
