```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-31T15:45:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives in Scarborough are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in the town centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough police seeking information following serious assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-seeking-information-following-serious-assault/
title: Scarborough police seeking information following serious assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-seeking-information-following-serious-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

Detectives in Scarborough are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in the town centre.

It happened at St Nicholas Street, Scarborough, around 1am GMT (or 2am BST) on Sunday 30 October 2016 and involved two men, one aged in their forties and one in their mid-twenties, who were involved in a discussion near to Quids Inn and Blue Lounge. Both men were then seen to go to the covered entrance to the council car park between the Town Hall and Scarborough Flyer.

One man received serious head injuries and was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary where he is currently receiving treatment. His condition is described as stable.

A man in his mid-twenties was arrested a short time later and has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident. As there were many people out on St Nicholas Street during the night at Hallowe’en events, it is believed that people have witnessed the build-up and the assault.

In particular, we are appealing for information from two men who immediately rushed to provide emergency first aid to the victim, and five women that were walking passed the incident on their way into town from the direction of the Royal Hotel.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jon Kenworthy. You can also email jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160196913.

Contact details:
 Jon Kenworthy \- #0282
jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30282
Incident reference:
 12160196913
Posted on 31 October 2016 at 03:45pm in Local appeals
