```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-20T14:18:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A high-profile cycle safety campaign continues on the streets of York this month, with cyclists urged to \u2018light up\u2019 during dark mornings and evenings."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ongoing safety campaign urges cyclists to light up in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ongoing-safety-campaign-urges-cyclists-light-york/
title: Ongoing safety campaign urges cyclists to light up in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ongoing-safety-campaign-urges-cyclists-light-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A high-profile cycle safety campaign continues on the streets of York this month, with cyclists urged to ‘light up’ during dark mornings and evenings.

Throughout winter, police officers and PCSOs in York have been running Operation Shimmer, which targets the minority of cyclists in the city who cause a danger to themselves and others by cycling on footpaths or without lights during hours of darkness.

As part of the campaign, City of York Council has funded high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights. They are offered to young people and other vulnerable people who would otherwise have to walk home if they were forced to continue their journey without lights. Officers have also been issuing Traffic Offence Reports for cycling offences if necessary.

Police are also available to speak to cyclists, to provide them with expert advice and information about cycle safety.

In the latest phase of the campaign, the Neighbourhood Policing Team for York East will be checking cyclists particularly in their area of York in the coming weeks. They will be supported by a number of York-based Special Constables – volunteer officers who are giving up their own time to ensure cyclists are safe and seen.

When the operation ran in the east of York on 15 December 2016, officers were pleased to see the vast majority of people were cycling safely. For example, out of 24 cyclists seen in the space of an hour on Green Dykes Lane, only one cyclist wasn’t displaying lights.

PCSO Hannah Gaskell, of York East Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Having lights in good working order on your bike is essential to ensure that other road users can see you. It is still dark in late mornings and early evenings, so it’s very important that cyclists take road safety seriously.

“Operation Shimmer continues to be very well-received by cyclists, pedestrians and motorists. Thanks to our joint work with City of York Council, cyclists who put themselves and others at risk can be educated and sent on their way, not just with a ticket or fine, but also with the means to get home safely if they are vulnerable.”

Posted on 20 January 2017 at 02:18pm in News stories
