```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T19:37:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-09T19:34:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In the three weeks since the launch of North Yorkshire Police&#039;s road safety campaign Operation AEGIS over 5000 traffic offences have been recorded.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation AEGIS - North Yorkshire Police continue to crackdown on reckless drivers and riders. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-aegis-north-yorkshire-police-continue-crackdown-reckless-drivers-riders/
title: Operation AEGIS - North Yorkshire Police continue to crackdown on reckless drivers and riders.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-aegis-north-yorkshire-police-continue-crackdown-reckless-drivers-riders/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 07:37pm

In the three weeks since the launch of North Yorkshire Police's road safety campaign Operation AEGIS over 5000 traffic offences have been recorded.

Launched in partnership with the 95 Alive Road Safety Partnership the focus of AEGIS is to prevent collisions and fatalities on North Yorkshires roads and encourage safe and considerate driving and riding.

Both education and enforcement methods have been employed to try to get the message through to all road users about the importance of driving and riding safely and the consequences of not doing so.

Police have been using all tactical enforcement methods available to them - high visibility patrols, unmarked patrols, covert patrols, unmarked motorcycle equipped with speed detection and video recording equipment and mobile safety camera vans. The National Police Air Service helicopter has also been used to assist in the capture of footage and evidence of speeding motorists and bikers.

Since the launch of the campaign, mobile safety cameras have recorded a total of 5156 speeding offences, with 4120 people being offered attendance to speed education courses. 523 of the offences have resulted in a £100 fine and 3 points and 65 people have committed such a major traffic offence that they have been summonsed directly to court.

Figures also show that of 205 offences recorded through Traffic Offence Reports, written by Officers at the roadside - 28 of those were for using a mobile phone whilst driving.

Commenting on these figures Insp Dave Barf of the Road Policing Team said:

'These figures show that unfortunately there are a large number of people driving and riding on our roads, who still have not taken on board the message about the dangers of speeding or of using a phone whilst driving.'

'Unfortunately since the launch of Op AEGIS, fatalities due to excessive speed have occurred. To lose someone as the result of a road traffic accident is a devastating thing to happen to any family - but to know that it may have been preventable must be doubly painful.'

'My team and I work hard to try and prevent this happening. The reason I invest personally in this operation is that the intent is to save lives - it's a simple goal, but very difficult to achieve'

'I still witness a number of people using mobile phones whilst driving. I wonder how they would live with themselves if whilst so distracted they were involved in a collision which cost someone else their life or a limb. That seems to be the issue, 'it won't happen to me'. If we were all right in that assumption my role would not be as busy as it sadly is.'

'Take care and pay attention - you're driving / riding a lethal weapon. Treat it and those around you with respect.'

Posted on 9 August 2015 at 07:34pm in News stories
