```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-15T11:21:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist died in a collision near Bolton Abbey.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fatal collision near Bolton Abbey - witnesses urged to come forward - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-near-bolton-abbey-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
title: Fatal collision near Bolton Abbey - witnesses urged to come forward
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-near-bolton-abbey-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist died in a collision near Bolton Abbey.

The collision occurred at around 11.30am on Sunday 15 February, on the B6160 between Bolton Abbey and Barden Tower.

It involved a silver Hyundai i30 car, which was travelling towards Barden, and a pedal cycle which was travelling in the opposite direction in company with two other pedal cycles. The collision occurred in the bends on the Bolton Abbey Estate, between the fountain and the archway.

The pedal cyclist, a man in his forties from the Otley area, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Traffic Constable Ken Riley, of Skipton Roads Policing Group, said: "If you witnessed the incident - or saw the car or cycles involved prior to the collision - I urge you to come forward as you may have important information that could assist the investigation.

"I would also like to thank the members of the public who stopped at the scene to lend assistance in the immediate aftermath of this tragic incident."

Anyone with information which could help this investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Traffic Constable Ken Riley or Skipton Roads Policing Group. Alternatively, information can be emailed to kenneth.riley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Please quote reference number 12150025569 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 15 February 2015 at 11:21am in News stories
