```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:42:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-18T16:40:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information in relation to extensive damage that has been caused to a car park barrier in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following damage to car park barrier in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-damage-car-park-barrier-scarborough/
title: Appeal following damage to car park barrier in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-damage-car-park-barrier-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:42am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information in relation to extensive damage that has been caused to a car park barrier in Scarborough.

It happened in the early hours of Sunday 25 June 2017 when an unknown man jumped on and forced open a car park barrier at the Town Hall on St. Nicholas Street, causing damage to the barrier itself and the electric motor inside the housing.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify those responsible.

The suspect is described as being a white man of slim build, aged in his late-teens to early-twenties with dark curly hair. At the time he was wearing a black top with white writing down one of the arms, black trousers and black Adidas trainers with white flashes. He is believed to have been in company with at least two other men at the time who witnessed the damage being caused.

PC Liam Cromack of Scarborough Police said, "This mindless act has resulted in a significant amount of damage to a car park barrier, damage that will have to be repaired out of Council funds. If you were involved or know who may be, I would urge you to contact me straight away to assist the investigation.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170111927.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Date: 15/07/2017

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, option 2
Incident reference:
 12170111927
Posted on 18 July 2017 at 05:40pm in Local appeals
