```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-21T09:32:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A campaign to get people to protect their property from criminals has been shortlisted for a national award.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/dotpeen1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ground-breaking security campaign up for national award - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ground-breaking-security-campaign-national-award/
title: Ground-breaking security campaign up for national award
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ground-breaking-security-campaign-national-award/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

A campaign to get people to protect their property from criminals has been shortlisted for a national award.

The ‘dot peen’ property marking campaign in York has been shortlisted in the UK Public Sector Communications Awards 2016.

Dot peen marking - which is more commonly used in the automotive and aerospace industries - involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. This can deter thieves and vastly increase the chances that property will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

Since July 2015, North Yorkshire Police have been pioneering dot peen property marking as a free crime prevention service at drop-in sessions across York.

Dot peen is promoted by local York police teams on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest, with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen - as well as on the North Yorkshire Police Facebook page.

Posters are displayed in public areas advertising upcoming sessions, and the service is linked to other high-profile North Yorkshire Police campaigns including HorseWatch and Operation Joypad.

Officers have also worked closely with City of York Council to mark garden tools at security events held at allotments throughout the summer, as part of the York Allotments Against Crime campaign.

The dot peen machines were funded by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, and Safer York Partnership.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: “North Yorkshire Police have been pioneering this innovative system, leading the way in preventing crime and securing property, so it’s great to see our efforts recognised at a national level.

“Security marking your property using a dot peen machine is a really effective way of protecting yourself from being a victim of crime. Criminals will spot the security mark, and will quickly realise that the property is too difficult to sell on. It is much easier to return marked property that has been lost or stolen, and it can also provide crucial evidence in securing convictions at court.

“Over the last year, dot peen has proved really popular with York residents and businesses – quite simply, the more property we protect, the more effective it will be.”

Cllr Nigel Ayre, Cabinet Member for Leisure, Culture and Tourism at City of York Council, said: “The dot peen campaign has really helped boost awareness of security among plot holders on the city's council and community allotments. We've used the campaign and officers' expertise to spread the message and support our work to deter theft from sheds and plots. I'm pleased that some 2,000 pieces of gardening equipment have been marked during the campaign’s first 12 months and hope that will add peace of mind to plot holder's enjoyment of gardening.”

The UK Public Sector Communications Awards celebrate “excellent communication strategies and campaigns, teams and individuals in local and national government, emergency services and not-for-profit bodies from across the UK”.

The dot peen campaign is shortlisted in the Integrated Communications Campaign of the Year category. The winning entries will be announced on Thursday 14 July 2016 at a ceremony in London.

The full shortlist is available at http://www.publicsectorcommunicationsawards.co.uk/shortlist.

North Yorkshire Police is also shortlisted in the ‘Best use of video’ and ‘Social marketing campaign of the year’ categories for its responsible drinking campaign Alternate; and its Digital Communications Team is shortlisted for the ‘Small in-house communications team of the year’ award. City of York Council has also been shortlisted in the ‘Partnership engagement initiative of the year’ category for the ‘It’s not OK’ child sexual abuse awareness campaign.

Posted on 21 June 2016 at 09:32am in News stories
