```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T13:18:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-23T13:00:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of lead flashings from a property in Stokesley.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Thieves target lead at Stokesley - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thieves-target-lead-stokesley/
title: Thieves target lead at Stokesley
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thieves-target-lead-stokesley/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 01:18pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of lead flashings from a property in Stokesley.

Thieves targeted a number of properties in Stokesley between midnight and 2am on Wednesday 23rd December 2015 and stole quantities of lead flashings.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding these incidents.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anybody that was seen in the areas of Levenside and the Tameside Estate around the time of the thefts. It is believed that three men, two dressed all in dark clothing and one in light tracksuit bottoms and a dark top were involved.

PC Andy Grainge from the local Neighbourhood Policing Team has advised home owners in the area to take measures to tke measures to protect their properties. He said "Many properties in the Tameside Estate maybe vulnerable by design, having lead flashing at a low level on the chimney breast so home owners need to be vigilant against opportrunitst theives".

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation into the thefts, or who would like some advice on home security should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Andy Grainge. You can also email andy.grainge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150227102.

Wednesday 23 December.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150227102

Posted on 23 December 2015 at 01:00pm in News stories
