```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-06T14:56:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-06T14:56:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Keiran, who lived in Ripon, was previously of the 49 Field Regiment Royal Artillery. Keiran was born in Fife, Scotland and moved around the country with his parents as the mining community was diminishing. The family eventually\_settled in Stoke-on-Trent where Keiran attended local schools. Following this Keiran joined the armed forces, taking the opportunity to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/Keiran-Rafferty-196x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tribute to man who died in A61 collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tribute-to-man-who-died-in-a61-collision/
title: Tribute to man who died in A61 collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tribute-to-man-who-died-in-a61-collision/
```

Last modified: 6 August 2020 at 03:56pm

The family of ex-serviceman 60 year-old Keiran Rafferty who died in a road traffic accident on 25 July 2020 have released a tribute to him.

Keiran Rafferty

Keiran, who lived in Ripon, was previously of the 49 Field Regiment Royal Artillery. Keiran was born in Fife, Scotland and moved around the country with his parents as the mining community was diminishing.

The family eventually settled in Stoke-on-Trent where Keiran attended local schools. Following this Keiran joined the armed forces, taking the opportunity to travel the globe and then working for over 30 years for a local family business.

Keiran was married for more than 25 years living in the Yorkshire area. He leaves behind his partner Debs of over seven years and their lovely doggies Nardie and Ozzy. Keiran will be terribly missed by his family and friends.

Keiran was well known for his love of music and specifically for his passion for Northern Soul. Keiran loved cars and motorbikes which gave him a fabulous circle of friends and he hated to see any animal cruelty.

Keiran tragically died on Saturday 25 July 2020 at around 9.20pm when his vehicle left the road as he was travelling along the A61 towards the village of Skipton-on-Swale from the Busby Stoop roundabout. Keiran was driving a red Lexus coupe at the time (pictured).

Officers are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the collision or who may have dash cam footage from the area around the time of the incident. If you have any information which could help police establish the full circumstances of this incident then please contact: Nicola.gill@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference: 12200127493.

Posted on 6 August 2020 at 03:56pm in News stories
