```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-21T13:06:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Working alongside their 95 Alive partners, North Yorkshire Police are hosting a series of Bikesafe events to mark the National Police Chief Council Motorcycle Week of Action from 21-27 March 2016.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police committed to reducing biker casualties through education and enforcement. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-committed-reducing-biker-casualties-education-enforcement/
title: North Yorkshire Police committed to reducing biker casualties through education and enforcement.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-committed-reducing-biker-casualties-education-enforcement/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

Working alongside their 95 Alive partners, North Yorkshire Police are hosting a series of Bikesafe events to mark the National Police Chief Council Motorcycle Week of Action from 21-27 March 2016.

Starting on Wednesday 23 March and running over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend, the events will take place across the North Yorkshire region, in locations popular with bikers.

Events are scheduled to take place at the following times and locations:

 * **Wed 23 & Sat 26 March at Squires Café, Sherburn -in-Elmet (Wed noon to 6pm, Sat 10am-4pm)**
 * **Sunday 27 March at Manor Café, Bellerby from 10am to 4pm**

BikeSafe is a nationwide police-led motorcyclist casualty reduction initiative that is run by the majority of forces throughout the country. The workshops explore the main riding hazards that bikers come up against on a daily basis. Police advanced motorcycle officers are on hand to provide advice and information, to enable riders to deal with these hazards safely.

_The 2016 Biker 's Guide to North Yorkshire_ produced by the 95 Alive York and North Yorkshire Road Safety partnership, will also be available for bikers to take away. The guide provides invaluable advice about riding in North Yorkshire, highlighting hazards and high-risk locations on the most popular riding routes.

Alongside the event, the _Roadwise website_will be promoted, which contains lots of useful information about North Yorkshire's high risk routes and advice on hazards to look out for.

The website also has _interactive maps_, which show the accident blackspots on these high risk routes and how many serious crashes and fatalities have occurred in the last 5 years. There are also _video guides_ to give bikers a heads up on the high risk areas to look out for.

Crime Prevention Officers from West Yorkshire Police will also be attending the events taking place at Squires, to offer advice on how to protect your motorbike from thieves.

Traffic Sergeant Sean Grey, who is the Regional BikeSafe Coordinator said:

"We are committed to reducing the number of bikers killed or seriously injured on our roads. The BikeSafe scheme and the Roadwise website are just two examples of how we assisting riders to improve their skills, knowledge and hazard awareness so they are riding safer. The events are open to all to come along, have a chat with us to learn more about the training and enrol on a course. "

As part of the week's actions, a roads policing operation will also be running across the region providing additional, visible patrols and focussing on road safety.

DCC Tim Madgwick, who is the NPCC Lead for Motorcycling said:

"Whilst we were pleased to see a reduction in the number of lives lost on our roads in 2015, we remain dedicated to the task of reducing these numbers further by working with different groups of road users to educate and inform them of the dangers of irresponsible driving and riding."

"There are a number of resources available to help us in this task. The Roadwise website is a really useful source of practical advice for bikers. It contains valuable information which can help to improve riders skills and prepare them for the hazards that our roads can sometime present. The BikeSafe scheme offers the opportunity to receive in-depth training from highly skilled motorcycle officers, ultimately keeping riders and other roads users safe. I would like to invite all riders along to the events we are hosting this week, to learn more about the benefits of the scheme."

"Unfortunately, we know there are some who choose to ignore the facts and continue to ride and drive irresponsibly. Let me be clear, North Yorkshire Police will use every enforcement method available to us, to keep responsible road users safe."

21 March 2016

Posted on 21 March 2016 at 01:06pm in News stories
