```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-02T21:46:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-02T21:47:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\u201CFor clarity, Punch Taverns used their own internal procedure to terminate the employment of the Designated Premises Supervisor. \_\u201CNorth Yorkshire Police\u2019s licensing department engaged with Punch Taverns during this process and evidence was provided regarding this incident, including body worn video from the attending officers.\u201D Statement issued 12 November 2020: Statement from North Yorkshire Police [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UPDATE - Statement from North Yorkshire Police in response to breach of Covid Regulations at The Grey Horse pub, Main Street, Elvington, York, on Remembrance Sunday (8 November 2020) - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/statement-from-north-yorkshire-police-and-city-of-york-council-in-response-to-the-breach-of-covid-regulations-at-the-grey-horse-pub-main-street-elvington-york-on-remembrance-sunday-8-november-202/
title: UPDATE - Statement from North Yorkshire Police in response to breach of Covid Regulations at The Grey Horse pub, Main Street, Elvington, York, on Remembrance Sunday (8 November 2020)
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/statement-from-north-yorkshire-police-and-city-of-york-council-in-response-to-the-breach-of-covid-regulations-at-the-grey-horse-pub-main-street-elvington-york-on-remembrance-sunday-8-november-202/
```

Last modified: 2 December 2020 at 09:46pm

A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson said:

“For clarity, Punch Taverns used their own internal procedure to terminate the employment of the Designated Premises Supervisor.

“North Yorkshire Police’s licensing department engaged with Punch Taverns during this process and evidence was provided regarding this incident, including body worn video from the attending officers.”

* * *

**Statement issued 12 November 2020:**

**Statement from North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council in response to the breach of Covid Regulations at The Grey Horse pub, Main Street, Elvington, York, on Remembrance Sunday (8 November 2020), just before 2pm.**

The Covid Regulations are in place to protect the public.

On this occasion - around three hours after a low-key Remembrance Sunday wreath laying within the village during which the parish council encouraged residents to participate in the Royal British Legion doorstep two minute silence **** to discourage physical gathering due to Covid-19 - there was a report of a gathering in the beer garden and smoking area of a licensed premises with people consuming alcohol from wine and beer glasses.

The attending officers established that the group were from different households, they were not socially distanced and none of them were wearing face masks or face coverings to mitigate the risk of infection from coronavirus.

Those present left the licensed premises without any further action being taken after the officers engaged with them, explained the current restrictions and encouraged them to leave.

However, due to the circumstances of the incident, a person in control of the premises was issued with a Penalty Notice for Covid-19 for breaching the regulations. This has now been cancelled.

An investigation into the matter is ongoing by North Yorkshire Police’s licensing department and City of York Council’s Public Protection services. The police and council are working with the premises’ license holders.

The license has not been revoked. A revocation of a premises licence or personal licence would be determined by the licensing sub-committee if any review proceedings were brought before them.

As stated continuously throughout the multi-agency response to the pandemic, the use of enforcement is always the last resort.

Posted on 2 December 2020 at 09:47pm in News stories
