```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-28T14:58:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-28T14:55:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers were on proactive patrols last night (27 October) when they spotted the pair parked up in a vehicle near Valley Gardens at around 5pm. After searching the two men from Leeds and their vehicle, officers recovered 50 wraps of suspected class A drugs, a hunting knife and some cannabis. The men, aged 23 and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Drugs-seized-Harrogate-27-Oct-20-12200188799-rotated-e1603896934433.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: County lines crackdown continues with another two arrests in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/county-lines-crackdown-continues-with-another-two-arrests-in-harrogate/
title: County lines crackdown continues with another two arrests in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/county-lines-crackdown-continues-with-another-two-arrests-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 28 October 2020 at 02:58pm

Another two county lines suspects have been arrested in Harrogate by officers from the force’s Operation Expedite team.

Officers were on proactive patrols last night (27 October) when they spotted the pair parked up in a vehicle near Valley Gardens at around 5pm.

After searching the two men from Leeds and their vehicle, officers recovered 50 wraps of suspected class A drugs, a hunting knife and some cannabis.

Suspected class A drugs seized by officers in Harrogate

The men, aged 23 and 26, were taken into custody where the 23-year-old was charged with possessing a knife and possessing class B drugs, and the 26-year-old was charged with driving offences. Both men remain under investigation on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

North Yorkshire Police’s Expedite teams focus on those involved in drug dealing, particularly ‘county lines’. These are dealers who travel from outside of North Yorkshire to pedal drugs in our towns, often exploiting vulnerable and young people and forcing them to sell their drugs for them.

Tackling county lines drug dealing is a priority for North Yorkshire Police, and Expedite teams work proactively to prevent and detect drug dealing and associated offences. They also work to safeguard and protect those who are vulnerable and targeted by organised crime networks.

Your information is vital in helping us to do this. To find out more about how you can help and what to look out for, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/what-we-do/tackling-crime/county-lines-drug-dealing/.

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing in their area is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

12200188799

Posted on 28 October 2020 at 02:55pm in News stories
