```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-12-14T11:42:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The cadets, who are aged 14 to 16, joined Catterick Garrison\u2019s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit back in September and have successfully completed their initial training. They were attested in front of family and friends at a passing out ceremony held at Risedale Sports and Community College where they meet once a week during [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/Catterick-Cadets-3-email-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Proud night for Catterick Volunteer Police Cadets - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proud-night-catterick-volunteer-police-cadets/
title: Proud night for Catterick Volunteer Police Cadets
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proud-night-catterick-volunteer-police-cadets/
```

Last modified: 14 December 2017 at 11:42am

20 young people from the Richmondshire area were officially sworn in as Volunteer Police Cadets (VPC) on Wednesday night (13 December 2017).

The cadets, who are aged 14 to 16, joined Catterick Garrison’s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit back in September and have successfully completed their initial training.

They were attested in front of family and friends at a passing out ceremony held at Risedale Sports and Community College where they meet once a week during term time to learn about policing and the law, and take part in sports and drill sessions.

As fully-fledged Volunteer Police Cadets they will now be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with crime prevention and community safety events, to acting as role play volunteers in the training of student police officers.

The cadets took the Cadet Oath in front of Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain who also carried out a parade inspection with the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, Simon Wrightson Esq.

T/ACC Cain, said: “Our cadets can be extremely proud of what they have achieved so far and I congratulate them on their attestation. They can now look forward to being part of the wider policing family where they will become ambassadors for both young people and for North Yorkshire Police. I wish them the very best of luck for the future, and look forward to hearing about their work in their local communities.

“My thanks go to Risedale Sports and Community College for their continuing support for the project and to our volunteer leaders who give up their own time. Without them we could not run a cadet programme and provide these great opportunities for young people.”

“It was a particularly proud moment for me, being a former pupil of the college”, he added.

Guests were welcomed to the ceremony by college principal, Colin Scott. He said: “The ceremony was an emotional experience for me. I was filled with extreme pride not just for our own Risedale pupils, but also the other cadets from around the local area. These young people who were smart and full of self-pride and confidence, are a credit to the local community and I just know that they will help support better communities for us all. I am grateful as head teacher of the local secondary school that we can play a part in supporting these young people grow into fantastic young adults."

The opening address was read by Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire. She added: “I am always impressed by the dedication and professionalism shown by our cadets at such a young age, and our Catterick group have pushed the bar even higher. I congratulate them on formally joining the policing family and look forward to seeing the positive difference they can make in their community.”

Catterick is the third Volunteer Police Cadet unit opened by North Yorkshire Police, and follows the opening of the York unit in 2015 and Scarborough’s in 2016.

The aim of the cadet scheme is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship and increase self-esteem and confidence. It also helps to promote a practical understanding of policing among young people and aims to inspire them to participate positively in their communities.

Posted on 14 December 2017 at 11:42am in News stories
