```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-20T09:55:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Boroughbridge Road between 1am and 4am on Friday 17 February 2017 and involved a number of industrial units being broken into. The stolen property included 4 x 19 inch silver Aston Martin Road Wheels and tyres from a V8 Vantage; a Milwaukee 12 V cordless impact wheel nut gun in black plastic [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following theft of tools in Kirk Deighton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-theft-tools-wetherby/
title: Appeal for information following theft of tools in Kirk Deighton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-theft-tools-wetherby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a range of tools from an address in Kirk Deighton, Wetherby.

It happened on Boroughbridge Road between 1am and 4am on Friday 17 February 2017 and involved a number of industrial units being broken into.

The stolen property included 4 x 19 inch silver Aston Martin Road Wheels and tyres from a V8 Vantage; a Milwaukee 12 V cordless impact wheel nut gun in black plastic case; an Autel MOT P50 EU908 series vehicle diagnostic machine; a Nikon SLR camera; a MacBook pro, a Sealey diesel / electric space heater in red; a Makita 18 v cordless drill; a Jinko Goldcut vinyl plotter / cutter; a Clarke steam cleaner which was blue and black in colour; and a Milwaukee impact driver in red and black.

A Sealey Rechargeable inspection lamp; two snap on cabinets; a Sealey impact socket set in black plastic case; a Medusa TI 2002 Generator in green; a Milwaukee impact driver M18 Chiwf 34; a Snap on half inch inpact driver in green; a Snap on 3/8 inch impact driver in red; a Snap on drill in red; an Aluminium floor jac; a Clarke welder in red; a Snap on impact driver in red with its box and charger; a Snap on extractor set in a little red tin; and a 240 v to 110v transformer in yellow were also taken.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we would like to speak to the owner of a vehicle, which could have been a Nissan Navara, which was seen nearby at the time of the incident. We would also like to speak to anyone who has come into contact with any of the stolen property.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious or who has any information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Quita Passmore. You can also email Quita.Passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170027590.

Posted on 20 February 2017 at 09:55am in News stories
