```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-16T09:19:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A vigilant member of the public has avoided falling victim to a suspected card skimming device in York, after reading about the scam on a police Facebook page.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vigilant Facebook user foils card skimming scam - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilant-facebook-user-foils-card-skimming-scam/
title: Vigilant Facebook user foils card skimming scam
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilant-facebook-user-foils-card-skimming-scam/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

A vigilant member of the public has avoided falling victim to a suspected card skimming device in York, after reading about the scam on a police Facebook page.

An investigation is underway after a suspicious device was located on a pump at the Tesco petrol station in Clifton Moor, York, on the morning of Monday 15 August 2016.

A motorist noticed something suspicious when he went to use the self-service machine. Fortunately, he was aware of skimming devices, having read a warning on the North Yorkshire Police Facebook page about a similar device earlier this year.

The device, which had been attached to the machine using velcro, came away in his hands. It has now been removed for examination.

CCTV enquiries are underway, and anyone with any information about the incident is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, select option 2, and ask for John Armstrong. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference number 12160146737.

PC John Armstrong, of York Police, said: “The motorist in this case did exactly the right thing, by remaining vigilant, acting on his suspicions and contacting the police. I would urge people to always take extra care when using cash machines and self-service petrol pumps, to avoid falling victim to card skimming devices.”

Police have issued the following advice when using cash machines and self-service petrol pumps:
• Look for anything that seems out of place, such as ill-fitting components, wires, tape, hidden cameras or missing panels.
• Shield your PIN as you enter it.
• Save your bank’s phone number to your mobile phone, and report suspicious incidents promptly to your bank and the police.
• If someone is behaving suspiciously behind you, or making you feel uncomfortable, cancel the transaction and use another cash machine.
• Don’t be distracted by others while using a cash machine.
• Keep an eye on your bank statements to check for any unusual activity in your account.

You can follow North Yorkshire Police on Facebook at www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice

Posted on 16 August 2016 at 09:19am in News stories
