```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-22T14:19:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: BAWP (British Association for Women in Policing) Awards are made in the categories of Bravery, Coaching &amp; Mentoring, Community Service, Excellence in Performance, Inspirational Woman, Leadership, Lifetime Achievement, Police Officer of the Year, Police Staff Member of the Year, Police Volunteer and Special Recognition. Lynne, a PCSO from Whitby, won the Community Service award after [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/PCSO-Lynne-Butler-1-e1498141038428-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Lynne\u2019s dedication knows no bounds and she has an award to prove it! - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lynnes-dedication-knows-no-bounds-award-prove/
title: "Lynne\u2019s dedication knows no bounds and she has an award to prove it!"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lynnes-dedication-knows-no-bounds-award-prove/
```

Last modified: 22 June 2017 at 03:19pm

North Yorkshire Police PCSO Lynne Butler has won a national award for Community Service at the recent annual BAWP awards.

BAWP (British Association for Women in Policing) Awards are made in the categories of Bravery, Coaching & Mentoring, Community Service, Excellence in Performance, Inspirational Woman, Leadership, Lifetime Achievement, Police Officer of the Year, Police Staff Member of the Year, Police Volunteer and Special Recognition.

Lynne, a PCSO from Whitby, won the Community Service award after being nominated by Inspector Rachel Wood who praised her colleague for a number of selfless acts.

These included setting up a boxing club in her spare time as a diversionary tactic to antisocial behaviour and asking if she could dedicate half of her working week at a local secondary school to help improve links with some of the young people that she was working with, on top of managing her normal working week.

In her nomination, Inspector Wood, who is based at Police HQ, Newby Wiske said: “Lynne is a PCSO whose passion, dedication and commitment to the local community she serves knows no bounds.

She continued: “In my view, Lynne would be an extremely worthy and deserving winner of an International award – she epitomises everything that is good about British Policing. North Yorkshire Police is proud of her.”

Chief Constable Dave Jones added: “We are thrilled that Lynne’s work has been recognised in this way. We know that we have some fantastic colleagues who go above and beyond to support our communities in North Yorkshire but its extra special when it is recognised nationally. Congratulations and thank you Lynne, you should be very proud of yourself.”

Lynne has been a PCSO for North Yorkshire Police for 10 years. Prior to this she worked in a pet shop. In her spare time, Lynne enjoys running and going away in her campervan.

PCSOs are often referred to as the eyes and ears of the police on the streets, PCSOs work out in the community, tackling local issues, dealing with anti-social behaviour, engaging with different groups of people and generally supporting police work.

Lynne receiving her award from Chief Constable Dee Collins from West Yorkshire Police who is also President of BAWP and a representative of Niche Technology, who sponsored the award.

Posted on 22 June 2017 at 03:19pm in News stories
