```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-10T12:34:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Commenting on the uplift, Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain said: \u201CWe would usually expect to have approximately 200 \u201Clive\u201D incidents, but our Force Control Room is currently having to deal with about 500 live matters and that\u2019s a big jump.\_ We\u2019re not alone \u2013 police forces around the country are experiencing the same upward trend [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/fcr-call-handler.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police chief comments on summer of soaring demand - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-chief-comments-on-summer-of-soaring-demand/
title: Police chief comments on summer of soaring demand
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-chief-comments-on-summer-of-soaring-demand/
```

Last modified: 10 August 2018 at 01:34pm

North Yorkshire Police has confirmed a massive increase in the number of calls to its Force Control Room this summer, with requests for service more than doubling the average levels.

Commenting on the uplift, Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain said:

“We would usually expect to have approximately 200 “live” incidents, but our Force Control Room is currently having to deal with about 500 live matters and that’s a big jump. We’re not alone – police forces around the country are experiencing the same upward trend – but it does mean we’re having to work extremely hard to keep on top of the extra demand.

“Every call that comes in to us is immediately assessed for threat, risk and harm, and officers are being sent promptly to every prioritized incident, so we are on top of the situation. Nevertheless, on some low-level non-threat incidents, people are waiting longer than usual to see an officer. That isn’t the service we expect – or want - to give in North Yorkshire, so we have redeployed some officers and staff from other parts of our Force, to make sure we get the wait time back to normal as soon as possible.”

The news about the surge in summer calls comes just weeks after the Police and Crime Commissioner and Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police opened a new £500k extension to its Force Control Room, which will provide an extra call-centre facility for the Force to use in times of extreme demand.

Said ACC Phil Cain:

“The level of calls we’ve had this summer just underlines how important it was to make that investment in the Force Control Room extension, and it really couldn’t have come soon enough. The concern for us now – and for other Forces – is that although this summer’s demand has been exceptional, it is still part of an on-going trend for more calls to the police, that has been going on for a couple of years, and shows no sign of slowing down. We’ve recruited extra staff and the new facilities will obviously help, but we are also looking at how we deal with the problem of increased demand in the long term. Meanwhile, the message I’d like to give to the public is that we are here to keep you safe, and you should not hesitate to call the police on 999 in an emergency, or 101 if it is not an emergency.

“I’d also like to say a huge thank you to all the Officers and police staff in our Force Control Room, and out on the ground. They are the people at the sharp end, who have to deal with these huge increases in calls, and they really are going the extra mile to make sure the public gets a good service.”

Posted on 10 August 2018 at 01:34pm in News stories
