```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-05T11:03:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging vehicle owners in Selby to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, after several incidents of damage and theft.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vigilance warning to Selby motorists after vehicle damage incidents - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-warning-selby-motorists-vehicle-damage-incidents/
title: Vigilance warning to Selby motorists after vehicle damage incidents
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-warning-selby-motorists-vehicle-damage-incidents/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police are urging vehicle owners in Selby to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, after several incidents of damage and theft.

Between 11pm on Friday 2 June and 1am on Saturday 3 June, five cars parked in a car park near Selby Railway Station were damaged by having their windows smashed (reference 12170096170).

Between 1pm on Friday 2 June and 8am on Saturday 3 June, a car parked in a car park on Park Street had its front passenger window smashed. The glove compartment was opened but nothing taken (reference 12170096253).

Between 12.05am and 8.25am on Sunday 4 June, eight vehicles parked in a car park off Baffam Lane, Brayton, had their windows smashed. Some items including cash, phones and CDs were stolen (reference 12170096951).

Police patrols have been increased in the area, and vehicle owners are being urged to report any suspicious activity and take extra precautions when parking their vehicles.

Owners are being advised to always leave vehicles locked and alarmed if possible, and consider fitting a tracking device. They should be parked in a garage or secure area, or in a well-lit open space. Keys should never be left in the ignition, in the same place where the vehicle is kept, or near the front door of your home. In particular, be wary of anyone taking an interest in your vehicle, or behaving suspiciously near parked vehicles.

The investigation into the Selby incidents is ongoing, and anyone with information that could assist is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police by dialling 101, quoting the relevant reference numbers. Alternatively, phone Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Reports of suspicious activity can be made to the police via 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress.

Posted on 5 June 2017 at 11:03am in News stories
