```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-03T11:42:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-03T08:58:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The force\u2019s youngest volunteers, who are all aged between 13 and 18, contribute at least three hours a month alongside their Cadet Leaders. Throughout the year, they assist at local community events across the county including at fairs, town shows, carnivals and other local events and help with the training of Student Police Officers and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/D_HRpzaXsAImOqa.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "National Volunteers\u2019 Week: keeping up with the cadets - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-volunteers-week-keeping-up-with-the-cadets/
title: "National Volunteers\u2019 Week: keeping up with the cadets"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-volunteers-week-keeping-up-with-the-cadets/
```

Last modified: 3 June 2020 at 12:42pm

North Yorkshire Police is taking the opportunity to say ‘thank you’ to their 65 Police Cadets this National Volunteers Week (Monday 1 June – Sunday 7 June).

The force’s youngest volunteers, who are all aged between 13 and 18, contribute at least three hours a month alongside their Cadet Leaders.

Throughout the year, they assist at local community events across the county including at fairs, town shows, carnivals and other local events and help with the training of Student Police Officers and Special Constables by acting as role-play volunteers.

Through rain or shine, they also give up their time to support their local Neighbourhood Policing Teams with leaflet drops, talking to local residents about crime prevention and property marking, help at community safety events and support street surveys.

Last year was an especially busy and exciting year for the Volunteer Police Cadets which saw the first ever unit opening in Harrogate (pictured).

It was an incredibly proud moment as twelve Cadets took their oath in front of their friends and family at their Passing Out Parade in December in after successfully completing their 12-week induction training. They were welcomed into the force by Deputy Chief Constable Cain and Superintendent Thomas.

Catterick also welcomed eight new recruits and the York Unit attested nine new recruits in their Passing Out Parades.

Over in Scarborough, nine of the Cadets completed the 24 mile-long Yorkshire Three Peak challenge last year to raise money for the mental health charity Mind.

The Cadet Unit wouldn’t be complete without our 23 Cadet Leaders who are also volunteers with many having full time jobs in North Yorkshire Police.

It was a busy year for the Leaders too, with two of them deservedly winning awards at North Yorkshire Police’s most recent Annual Awards.

The Gold inspiration went to Catterick-based PC Heather Campbell for the support and help she provided to the community in Reeth, when the village was hit with flash floods earlier this year.

Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery also won and the Glen Goodman trophy which recognises the outstanding contribution of a Special Constable.

North Yorkshire Police’s Police Cadet Liaison Officer Kathryn Bean, who started working with the Cadets after 13 years as a PCSO with the force, said:

“The young people in this group are inspirational, self-motivated individuals and their commitment is unquestionable. It is because of these young people I applied for the job I find myself in today.

“Our cadets act as ambassadors for North Yorkshire Police and provide invaluable support to our police officers, special constables and other police staff volunteers.

“I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our cadets for their continuous fantastic attitude and to the volunteer cadet leaders for all their hard work – you are all a huge asset to North Yorkshire Police and we are incredibly lucky to have such a dedicated team of volunteers that help make such a huge difference in North Yorkshire”.

For more information about the Cadets you can follow them on Twitter at @NYPCadets o **r v** isit: northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

To keep up with the online activities during National Volunteers Week, please follow #VolunteersWeek on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visit North Yorkshire Police’s website.

Anyone interested in joining North Yorkshire Police as a volunteer is encouraged to visit the website to find out further details: northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs

Posted on 3 June 2020 at 09:58am in News stories
