```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-23T10:36:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-23T09:37:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\u201CThis morning we\u2019ve woken up to the tragic news of what is being treated as a terrorist attack in Manchester. \_Twenty two victims are now known to have died and at least 50 have been injured in an attack on Manchester Arena. \u201CThere is no intelligence to suggest that there has been any change in [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police comment on tragic events in Manchester - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-comment-tragic-events-manchester/
title: North Yorkshire Police comment on tragic events in Manchester
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-comment-tragic-events-manchester/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2017 at 10:36am

Commenting on last night’s attack in Manchester, the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Dave Jones, said:

“This morning we’ve woken up to the tragic news of what is being treated as a terrorist attack in Manchester. Twenty two victims are now known to have died and at least 50 have been injured in an attack on Manchester Arena.

“There is no intelligence to suggest that there has been any change in the level of threat here in North Yorkshire.

“Still, I would like to reassure the public that we will continue to maintain a visible police presence across North Yorkshire today. Our officers are providing support to Greater Manchester Police and neighbouring forces in any way that we can.

“An emergency number is available for those who are concerned about loved ones in Manchester – this is 0161 856 9400.

“If you have any images or footage from last night that you believe could assist Greater Manchester Police then please upload them to ukpoliceimageappeal.co.uk

“We also continue to ask the public to be vigilant and to report anything that they deem to be suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, by calling 101 or by calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321. Always call 999 in an emergency or for immediate assistance.”

“On behalf of North Yorkshire Police I would like express my deepest sympathy to those affected by last night’s tragic events.

“Our sympathies go out to those who have lost loved ones, or who have suffered as a result of this barbaric attack.

“Also, our thoughts go out to colleagues at Greater Manchester Police and other emergency services who have worked tirelessly throughout the night and into this morning in very difficult circumstances.”

Posted on 23 May 2017 at 09:37am in News stories
