```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-30T13:03:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Organisations in York will be working together to ensure that everyone can enjoy all that the city has to offer safely and responsibly.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Sgt-Nick-Plumb-on-patrol-in-York-city-centre-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York summer safety initiatives unveiled - webchat for residents&#039; questions - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-summer-safety-initiatives-unveiled-webchat-residents-questions/
title: York summer safety initiatives unveiled - webchat for residents' questions
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-summer-safety-initiatives-unveiled-webchat-residents-questions/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Organisations in York will be working together to ensure that everyone can enjoy all that the city has to offer safely and responsibly.

Recent initiatives and campaigns have seen North Yorkshire Police work closely with City of York Council, British Transport Police, city licensees and many other partners. These will continue throughout the summer, alongside new developments to make the city even safer.

Sergeant Nick Plumb, of York City Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “We have come a very long way over the last few years, and we’re now working with other agencies and organisations more closely than ever before. Those efforts have ensure that York city centre continues to be a great place to work and visit.

“York is a very welcoming city, and the vast majority of people behave appropriately and treat each other with respect. Initiatives such as the Code of Conduct and the Had Enough campaign mean that people are aware of the standards of behaviour we expect from them. We have also been running operations involving plain-clothes officers attending premises as late as 3am, and, over several weeks, venues were seen refusing to serve drunk people and being proactive in upholding their responsibilities. These operations will continue and will be conducted when information or concerns are raised about areas.

“Rest assured that the small minority of people who cause issues will continue to be dealt with robustly, through police powers such as dispersal orders; summons and fines for street urination offences; and the use of community protection powers by City of York Council’s Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers.

“Our colleagues in British Transport Police will ensure that people behave appropriately and responsibly on board trains and at the station; and in the city centre we will patrol jointly alongside Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers, and work closely with York BID street rangers to tackle low-level anti-social behaviour during the afternoon and early evening. We will also be using the new Sentrysis system, enabling the pub trade and partners to share information with us more swiftly.

“We’re also extremely grateful for the assistance of volunteers and organisations like the University of York Students’ Union NightSafe team and the Street Angels who help people made vulnerable by alcohol get home safe. This year we’re also developing close links with the York Rescue Boat, and continuing our work with hoteliers and licencees.”

A webchat will be held at 7.30pm on Thursday 6 July 2017. Representatives from North Yorkshire Police, City of York Council, Safer York, and other partners will be in attendance, to answer residents’ questions about policing and community safety issues in the city centre.

To join, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/webchat on the day (or in advance, to set a reminder), or leave your questions or comments in advance on the North Yorkshire Police Facebook page.

Posted on 30 June 2017 at 02:03pm in News stories
