```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-06T13:42:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-24T11:06:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; Here, one of North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Burglary Coordinators, Investigator Dave Pegg has shared ten quick, cheap and easy steps you can take to improve your home security this Summer. Keep them out of view:\_Make sure all valuables and keys, including car keys, are out of sight and away from the view of windows and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/shutterstock_794696251-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ten quick and easy steps to help improve your home security this Summer - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ten-quick-and-easy-steps-to-help-improve-your-home-security-this-summer/
title: Ten quick and easy steps to help improve your home security this Summer
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ten-quick-and-easy-steps-to-help-improve-your-home-security-this-summer/
```

Last modified: 6 August 2020 at 02:42pm

Although North Yorkshire has one of the lowest rates of burglary in the UK, sneak-in burglaries can increase during the summer months as thieves gain access to properties through insecure doors and windows.

Here, one of North Yorkshire Police's Burglary Coordinators, Investigator Dave Pegg has shared ten quick, cheap and easy steps you can take to improve your home security this Summer.

 1. **Keep them out of view:** Make sure all valuables and keys, including car keys, are out of sight and away from the view of windows and the letterbox – remember a device could be used to hook keys through the letterbox.

 2. **Keep them locked:** Leaving ground floor windows, doors and patio doors open in the summer can give burglars the perfect opportunity. If you are upstairs, out of the room, or in the garden, even just for a few minutes, keep them locked and help shut burglars out.

 3. **Pay attention:** Pay particular attention when you’re outside in your garden, as you may not be able to see or hear someone entering your home.

 4. **Tidy away tools:** Ensure sheds, garages and outbuildings are locked and secure at all times – tidy away power tools and garden equipment after you’ve used them, don’t leave them outside where they could be used to break into your home.

 5. **Burglar-proof your bikes:** Secure bikes at home by locking them to an immovable object inside a locked shed or garage.

 6. **Check access to windows:** Burglars often target windows as they generally offer easier access than doors. Take a good look at your windows from the outside and remove potential access points where you can. Are there walls, bins or garden furniture that could be used to reach windows?

 7. **Give burglars nowhere to hide:** Burglars don’t want to be seen or heard and if they think they’ll be noticed by a neighbour or passer-by, they’ll probably move on. Cut back hedges at the front of your property to allow for a clear view over the top and don’t provide cover for anyone wishing to hide and make sure your security lights are working.

 8. **Gates and fences:** Make sure the fences around your garden are in good condition, especially rear fencing and ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.

 9. **Going away or on holiday?** Get a trusted neighbour to keep an eye on your property and leave radios or lights in your house on a timer to make the property appear occupied.

 10. **Mark your property:** Did you know we offer free property marking to all residents of North Yorkshire? Get your property marked and registered with our free property marking system

For more home security advice, speak to your local police team, or visit northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Or follow the #SaferNorthYorkshire hashtag on the force’s Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts for regular burglary prevention tips throughout the summer.

Posted on 24 July 2020 at 12:06pm in Burglary, News stories
