```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-04T11:14:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following a Burglary in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-burglary-in-harrogate/
title: Appeal for witnesses following a Burglary in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-burglary-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in Harrogate.

It happened on Hookstone Road between 9am and 9.45am on the 1 June 2018. The incident involved four men gaining entry by forcing the front door of a detached property on Hookstone Road near the junction with Rayleigh Road.

The suspects gained entry while two occupants were asleep inside. It is believed the offenders left the rear of the property and made off in a dark coloured BMW. It is not believed the offenders took any property from the address.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about two eye witnesses who observed the incident take place. We are also appealing for any other witnesses who may have been in queuing traffic at the time or driving past that had seen anything or anyone acting suspicious in or near that location.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Brendon Frith. You can also email Brendon.Frith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180096378

Date 4th June 2018

Contact details:
 Brendon Frith \- #0046
Brendon.Frith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 extension 30046
Incident reference:
 12180096378
Posted on 4 June 2018 at 12:14pm in Local appeals
