```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-24T15:40:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-24T15:39:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers were called to the incident on the A59 at West Marton, near Skipton, at around 11.50pm on Saturday (21 October). It involved a Land Rover Defender and a Nissan Qashqai. Five people were injured, including three children aged nine to 15 who were in the Nissan, a man in his 60s who was driving [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five hurt in A59 collision near Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-hurt-a59/
title: Five hurt in A59 collision near Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-hurt-a59/
```

Last modified: 24 October 2017 at 04:40pm

Police are appealing for witnesses to a collision that left three children and two adults in hospital with serious injuries.

Officers were called to the incident on the A59 at West Marton, near Skipton, at around 11.50pm on Saturday (21 October).

It involved a Land Rover Defender and a Nissan Qashqai.

Five people were injured, including three children aged nine to 15 who were in the Nissan, a man in his 60s who was driving the Nissan and another man of a similar age who was a passenger in the same car.

All were taken to hospital. The driver sustained life-changing injuries and currently remains in a serious condition in hospital.

The passenger was released the same day with minor injuries.

The three children were seriously hurt, although none of their injuries were life-threatening.

One was released from hospital almost straight away while the other two are expected to be released today.

The driver of the Land Rover left the scene following the collision.

A man in his 20s, who police believe was the Land Rover driver, was later arrested in connection with the incident.

He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The road was temporarily closed to let emergency services tend to the crash.

Police are appealing for witnesses, anyone who saw either vehicle in the moments leading up to the collision, or anyone with dashcam footage of the incident.

If you can help the investigation, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Hamish Halloway.

You can also email Traffic Sergeant Halloway on hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote incident number 12170189412 when sharing information.

Posted on 24 October 2017 at 04:39pm in News stories
