```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-25T13:18:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Harrogate police have been working with the Community Safety Team at Harrogate Borough Council on the operation, which aims to ensure residents and visitors feel safe in the town. The operation, dubbed Op Yeehaw, involves high-visibility police patrols, and sees officers and PCSOs engaging with the local community and enforcing Harrogate\u2019s Public Spaces Protection Order [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Joint operation to tackle Harrogate anti-social behaviour produces positive results - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-operation-tackle-harrogate-anti-social-behaviour-produces-positive-results/
title: Joint operation to tackle Harrogate anti-social behaviour produces positive results
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-operation-tackle-harrogate-anti-social-behaviour-produces-positive-results/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

A high-profile operation to deal with anti-social behaviour issues in Harrogate town centre is showing good results.

Harrogate police have been working with the Community Safety Team at Harrogate Borough Council on the operation, which aims to ensure residents and visitors feel safe in the town.

The operation, dubbed Op Yeehaw, involves high-visibility police patrols, and sees officers and PCSOs engaging with the local community and enforcing Harrogate’s Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) when needed. In the two weeks since the operation launched on 7 November, it has resulted in five arrests for a range of offences, and 18 people challenged for drinking alcohol in the street.

Inspector Penny Taylor, of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “It is clear that the message is getting through to those who commit crime and anti-social behaviour in our town centre, that their behaviour will not be tolerated. We are getting very positive feedback from residents and I’d like to thank them for supporting this operation. I would also urge them to continue to call us with reports of crime and anti-social behaviour, via 101 or 999 in an emergency, so we can maintain this positive action.

“The operation will carry on into December, so we can continue to keep anti-social behaviour to a minimum and ensure the community feels safe.”

Councillor Mike Chambers, Harrogate Borough Council’s Cabinet Member for Housing and Safer Communities said: “The council’s 24 hour CCTV service has played a vital role in the operation by providing evidence and support through the comprehensive network of cameras in the town centre. The support of residents is invaluable, but I would also like to thank the shops and licensed premises who are members of the Radiolink Scheme, which provides direct radio communications to the CCTV Control Room. Their involvement makes a real difference and demonstrates the positive impact that a joint approach can make when dealing with anti-social behaviour.

“Anti-social behaviour is not an issue that is confined to Harrogate and we will be continuing our efforts to stamp out this problem wherever it rears its ugly head in our district.”

Posted on 25 November 2016 at 01:18pm in News stories
