```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T13:32:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The force has assembled a panel of experts including current Special Constables and Human Resource staff who can answer any questions potential recruits may have about joining up. The webchat will take place on Wednesday 19 July 2017 between 6pm and 7pm. To take part, go to northyorkshire.police.uk/webchat. Special Constables are volunteer police officers who [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/02/specials-public-talking-square-1024x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Special Constable recruitment webchat - potential recruits invited to ask questions - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-constable-recruitment-webchat-potential-recruits-invited-ask-questions/
title: Special Constable recruitment webchat - potential recruits invited to ask questions
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-constable-recruitment-webchat-potential-recruits-invited-ask-questions/
```

Last modified: 14 July 2017 at 02:32pm

Anyone interested in becoming a Special Constable is invited to join a webchat hosted by North Yorkshire Police as part of its ongoing recruitment campaign.

The force has assembled a panel of experts including current Special Constables and Human Resource staff who can answer any questions potential recruits may have about joining up.

The webchat will take place on Wednesday 19 July 2017 between 6pm and 7pm. To take part, go to northyorkshire.police.uk/webchat.

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties.

“Specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and backgrounds, which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their full-time colleagues.

The force is actively encouraging applicants from black and minority ethnic backgrounds, and people who are looking for a new challenge, but want to remain in their current careers.

Special Constables on road safety operation

Special Chief Officer, Sharron Moverely-Holmes, has been a Special Constables for over 30 years. She said: “We realise that many people who are thinking of applying will have lots of questions and we want to make sure they have all the information they need before embarking on what is a big commitment.

“Being a Special Constable is a unique and privileged volunteer role, and while it can be very challenging and demanding, it brings immense rewards - from helping people in their times of need, to developing new skills for life and taking advantage of new opportunities.”

If you can’t make the webchat, you can submit your questions in advance via Facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice

For more information about becoming a special and to apply, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/specials

Student Special Constables receive officer safety training

Posted on 14 July 2017 at 02:32pm in News stories
