```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-11T17:39:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-11T17:34:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers from West Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Police, British Transport Police (BTP) and the Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU) are continuing to investigate after executing warrants in Huddersfield and Whitby on 11 March 2021. Following an operation in Huddersfield, a man aged 22 was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs, and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrested in joint coast and cross-border drugs operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-in-joint-coast-and-cross-border-drugs-operation/
title: Five arrested in joint coast and cross-border drugs operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-in-joint-coast-and-cross-border-drugs-operation/
```

Last modified: 11 March 2021 at 05:39pm

Five people have been arrested in a joint operation targeting the supply of drugs between West Yorkshire and Scarborough.

Officers from West Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Police, British Transport Police (BTP) and the Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU) are continuing to investigate after executing warrants in Huddersfield and Whitby on 11 March 2021.

Following an operation in Huddersfield, a man aged 22 was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs, and a 22-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Both were also arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm after officers also recovered a firearm from the property.

Two men, 33 and 25, and a woman, 23, were arrested in Whitby on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

The 33-year-old has been released under investigation, the rest remain in custody and were arrested as part of a joint policing operation into the alleged supply of drugs from Kirklees into Scarborough.

Detective Chief Inspector Graeme Wright of Scarborough and Ryedale Command, said: "Drug dealing and the exploitation of vulnerable people associated with it remains a major priority for North Yorkshire Police.

"Working closely across the region with colleagues in other forces and agencies is vital if we are to disrupt the organised criminals who travel across borders to target North Yorkshire's towns and cities. Today's action is one of a number of operations over several months to target drug dealing in the Scarborough area."

Detective Chief Inspector Tanya Wilkins of Kirklees District Police, added: “West Yorkshire officers including our Programme Precision team and Huddersfield NPT joined with our North Yorkshire Police, ROCU and BTP colleagues to execute a warrant in Huddersfield this morning, and our enquires and searches remain ongoing.

“West Yorkshire Police is committed to combatting serious organized crime both within our county and outside it and work closely with partner agencies to tackle criminal networks.

“Our Programme Precision Team also operates across West Yorkshire to provide a specialist resource in tackling serious organized criminal activity.”

Detective Inspector Mark Catney of the Regional and Organised Crime Unit, said: “The Yorkshire and Humber ROCU works extremely closely with our partner police forces to investigate serious and organised crime and play its part in ensuring that criminal investigations have no borders or boundaries.

“Joint working is essential in these sort of operations and the ROCU is dedicated to building strong investigations with our colleagues and working with them to tackle criminality and exploitation.

“We are currently running a #LookCloser campaign, which the Children Society & ROCU and partner police forces to help residents spot the signs of criminality and exploitation of young people in communities, and always encourage residents to report criminality to us.

“Information and intelligence from within our communities is vital in helping us investigate this sort of offending and I want to encourage residents to keep coming forward and reporting suspicious activity to us.”

DCI Wright echoed D/Insp Catney's words, adding: "I urge local people to report any information they have about drug dealing in their neighbourhood, whether that's suspicious activity or the signs of exploitation. We will take action. Every piece of information helps - no matter how small - to shape our operational activity."

Reports of criminal activity in communities can be made in complete anonymity to the independent charity, Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 11 March 2021 at 05:34pm in News stories
