```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-11T15:39:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-11T15:33:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Colin Sean Richardson, 32, of Moss Road, Doncaster has today been sentenced at York Crown Court for burglary after he stole a large quantity of tobacco from a York village post office. Shortly after 3.30am on 28 June, North Yorkshire Police officers were called to the post office on North Moor Road in Huntington, York, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Colin-Sean-Richardson-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Doncaster man jailed for burglary of Huntington Post Office - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/doncaster-man-jailed-for-burglary-of-huntington-post-office/
title: Doncaster man jailed for burglary of Huntington Post Office
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/doncaster-man-jailed-for-burglary-of-huntington-post-office/
```

Last modified: 11 September 2019 at 04:39pm

32 year-old imprisoned for 28 months after stealing tobacco

Colin Sean Richardson

Colin Sean Richardson, 32, of Moss Road, Doncaster has today been sentenced at York Crown Court for burglary after he stole a large quantity of tobacco from a York village post office.

Shortly after 3.30am on 28 June, North Yorkshire Police officers were called to the post office on North Moor Road in Huntington, York, after the intruder alarm was triggered – alerting them to a break in. Officers found the glass door had been smashed in order to gain entry and it became apparent that a large quantity of tobacco had been stolen.

A member of the public alerted the officers that two men had been seen fleeing the premises and one appeared to have entered the garden of a nearby property. Officers commenced searching the garden when one spotted a pair of feet sticking out from under a canoe and realised Richardson was laid on the ground hiding underneath it. He was arrested and the officers were then able to locate the stolen tobacco in a nearby dustbin.

Richardson today pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced to 28 months in prison.

Commenting on the case Police Investigator David Pegg of North Yorkshire Police said:

“This case is a clear example of how important the general public are in helping the police by being our eyes and ears. It is thanks to the quick thinking member of the public who spotted Richardson entering a nearby garden and reported this to the police, that we were able to locate and arrest him – despite his attempt at a disguise behind the canoe.

“His actions have targeted a small business, causing extensive damage and his sentencing reflects the severity of his crime.”

Posted on 11 September 2019 at 04:33pm in News stories
