```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-14T11:50:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-14T11:48:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers on patrol across the county over the four days reported quieter seafronts, beauty spots, towns and cities, which would usually be crowded with visitors\_at this time of year. A small minority of people continued to ignore the restrictions however, and the force responded to reports of pockets of groups gathering, including a small number [&hellip;]"
  image: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EVfTTjZWsAEb0xx?format=jpg&#038;name=small
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police thank residents and \u201Cvery pleased\u201D to see the county so quiet over Easter weekend - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-thank-residents-and-very-pleased-to-see-the-county-so-quiet-over-easter-weekend/
title: "Police thank residents and \u201Cvery pleased\u201D to see the county so quiet over Easter weekend"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-thank-residents-and-very-pleased-to-see-the-county-so-quiet-over-easter-weekend/
```

Last modified: 14 April 2020 at 12:50pm

“Thank you” is North Yorkshire Police’s message to the public after the four-day Easter weekend as the force reports a much quieter county than expected.

Officers on patrol across the county over the four days reported quieter seafronts, beauty spots, towns and cities, which would usually be crowded with visitors at this time of year.

A small minority of people continued to ignore the restrictions however, and the force responded to reports of pockets of groups gathering, including a small number of BBQs and house parties, with the majority of reports coming in on Good Friday (10 April).

Mike Walker, North Yorkshire Police’s Assistant Chief Constable and Gold commander leading the response to the outbreak, said:

“North Yorkshire’s roads, beautiful national parks, coastlines, beauty spots and picturesque towns and cities would usually be bustling at this time of year - but we were very pleased to see the county so quiet over the long weekend.

“It’s humbling to see so many local people are listening and doing the right thing by staying home, protecting the NHS and saving lives and I once again want to thank each and every person who is following the Government’s guidance and is taking it seriously.

“Our officers were on patrol across the county and reported people, for the most part, complying with the guidance and engaging with them positively, showing support for their efforts to stop the spread of Covid-19.

"Unfortunately, a small number of people deemed it appropriate to continue with their plans to see people from outside their household – be it BBQs or visiting friends or relatives – and I would reiterate to this minority that by ignoring the guidance, you are putting the lives of vulnerable people at risk, and not least your own friends and family members.

“Our approach has always been to engage, explain and encourage members of the public to adhere to the guidelines and only use enforcement if we have to.

"We are incredibly grateful to our local communities. We appreciate their patience, resilience and respect and ask them to simply continue in that same manner. And please remember that policing continues and we are here for you if you need us.”

Under government regulations, you should only leave the house for very limited purposes:

 * Shopping for basic necessities, for example food and medicine, which must be as infrequent as possible
 * One form of exercise a day, for example a run, walk, or cycle - alone or with members of your household
 * Any medical need, including to donate blood, avoid or escape risk of injury or harm, or to provide care or to help a vulnerable person
 * Travelling for work purposes, but only where you cannot work from home.

For further information about the force’s response to coronavirus, advice on how to keep safe and Frequently Asked Questions visit the coronavirus page on their website.

**What to do if you need urgent police help through the 999 service, but can’t speak**

The Silent Solution is a system that enables a 999 mobile caller, who is unable to ask for police assistance or even make a noise, indicate that they are a genuine caller who requires an emergency police response. If you’re in an emergency situation and need police help, but can’t speak, dial 999 and press 55 when prompted and the 999 operator will know your call is genuine. More details here.

York officers out on patrol on the A64 Fulford interchange on Easter Monday, thanking York residents for adhering to government advice #StayHomeSaveLives

This was the A64 at Malton on Saturday afternoon

A Craven PCSO reported 'No visitors at Malham Cove, Goredale Scar, Malham Tarn or Arncliffe' on Easter Sunday

Posted on 14 April 2020 at 12:48pm in News stories
