```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-11T17:34:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T17:14:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 11.15am on Sunday 10 November 2019, North Yorkshire Police received calls from local residents reporting a group of men with lurcher dogs suspected of poaching near Sutton-on-the-Forest. Officers from North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Rural Taskforce were on patrol nearby, to deal with such reports. They attended immediately and encountered a silver Nissan X-Trail on Main [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/X-Trail-seized-after-poaching-reports-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Seized - officers take uninsured 4x4 off the roads after poaching reports - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-officers-take-uninsured-4x4-off-the-roads-after-poaching-reports/
title: "Seized - officers take uninsured 4\xD74 off the roads after poaching reports"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-officers-take-uninsured-4x4-off-the-roads-after-poaching-reports/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2019 at 05:34pm

Another 4x4 suspected of involvement in poaching is today off the roads, after being seized by Rural Taskforce officers.

At 11.15am on Sunday 10 November 2019, North Yorkshire Police received calls from local residents reporting a group of men with lurcher dogs suspected of poaching near Sutton-on-the-Forest.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce were on patrol nearby, to deal with such reports. They attended immediately and encountered a silver Nissan X-Trail on Main Street. The vehicle was seized, and a 28-year-old man reported for driving without insurance.

The car may be sold or scrapped within 14 days if the owner cannot produce a valid certificate of insurance.

Earlier this year, North Yorkshire Police warned poachers that their illegal behaviour would not be tolerated.

Poaching refers to the illegal taking, killing, injuring or pursuit of game, deer or fish. North Yorkshire has large, isolated areas of farmland, forestry and lakes, which tend to be vulnerable to poaching activity. In addition to being a wildlife crime, illegal poaching on farmland can cause significant damage to young crops, resulting in large financial losses for farmers.

As part of Operation Galileo, police forces nationally are working together to ensure the issue is tackled in a co-ordinated way, by sharing information and working across force boundaries.

Residents are encouraged to note down and report any suspicious activity, such as unusual vehicle movements, particularly in remote, rural areas. Even if the information doesn’t lead to an immediate response, every piece of intelligence helps the police build up a picture and could prove vital in bring criminals to justice. Call North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Posted on 11 November 2019 at 05:14pm in News stories
