```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:45:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-04T16:45:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York Police are urging football fans to get their valuable items security marked to help tackle property theft.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York Police invite football fans to show burglars the red card - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-invite-football-fans-show-burglars-red-card/
title: York Police invite football fans to show burglars the red card
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-invite-football-fans-show-burglars-red-card/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:45pm

York Police are urging football fans to get their valuable items security marked to help tackle property theft.

Officers are working with York City Football Club, using their new 'dot peen' property marking equipment at the stadium.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

The machines can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm, and can be used on everything from steel and aluminium to plastic. They have been funded by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, and Safer York Partnership.

PCSO Andy Smith, of York North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Dot peen machines can engrave your cycles, phones and music players - essentially, everything except your football! In the unfortunate event of items being stolen or lost, dot peen marking gives us a much better chance to return your property to you.

"The process is very easy and will only take a few of minutes of your time, so you shouldn't miss any of the game.

"We will also be available to offer security advice or answer any questions you might have. We hope you will come and see us and enjoy the game!"

The Safer Neighbourhood Team will be in the car park under the main stand from 12pm to 3pm for the following games:

 * Saturday 14 November 2015 v Plymouth
 * Saturday 19 December 2015 v Morecambe

Since the machines were introduced in July 2015, York Police have had an excellent response from the public, resulting in more than 2,500 items of property being marked across the city.

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, follow your local York police team on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest. The service is promoted on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen. You can also 'like' the York City & East Police and NYP Universities pages on Facebook, and visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen

**4 November 2015**

Posted on 4 November 2015 at 04:45pm in News stories
