```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-03-02T07:15:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "\u201CThe HMIC PEEL police effectiveness report for 2016 confirms that North Yorkshire Police is \u2018GOOD\u2019 at keeping people safe and reducing crime. \u201CThe positive report shows how our teams of officers, police staff, special constables and volunteers are working effectively to detect and deter criminality,\_ manage offenders and prevent re-offending, as well as dealing with [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire Police response to HM Inspectorate of Constabulary\u2019s (HMIC) PEEL police effectiveness report for 2016 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-hm-inspectorate-constabularys-hmic-peel-police-effectiveness-report-2016/
title: "North Yorkshire Police response to HM Inspectorate of Constabulary\u2019s (HMIC) PEEL police effectiveness report for 2016"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-hm-inspectorate-constabularys-hmic-peel-police-effectiveness-report-2016/
```

Last modified: 2 March 2017 at 07:15am

Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“The HMIC PEEL police effectiveness report for 2016 confirms that North Yorkshire Police is ‘GOOD’ at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

“The positive report shows how our teams of officers, police staff, special constables and volunteers are working effectively to detect and deter criminality, manage offenders and prevent re-offending, as well as dealing with anti-social behaviour with a strong commitment to neighbourhood policing.

“This is reflected in the national crime statistics where North Yorkshire is currently the safest place in England, which is a position we are determined to maintain.

“Our teams are out there day and night, all year round, targeting known and suspected offenders who wrongly think they can freely operate in North Yorkshire. The stark reality is that the criminal fraternity, both within North Yorkshire and those who travel into our county, are being squeezed by our upgraded network of ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) cameras and our proactive policing teams who are ready and waiting to pounce. There will be no let-up in our proactive approach to suppressing criminality.

“We do, however, acknowledge the findings of the HMIC regarding the need for a more consistent approach in dealing with serious and organised crime across the county, specifically in relation to local intelligence gathering and disruption of known and emerging crime groups. We will review the report and take any necessary action to increase our capability in this area.

“Importantly, the report recognises North Yorkshire Police for the improvements made in putting the needs of vulnerable victims and people at the very heart of our service. This aspect has been a huge focus for the Chief Officer Team and the Police and Crime Commissioner in recent years, and it is very pleasing for the HMIC to highlight the tangible improvements that have been achieved. These include the successful introduction of mental health triage to help identify vulnerable people to ensure the most appropriate health-based support is provided at the earliest opportunity. Also the now well-established THRIVE risk assessment tool which ensures the right level of response and action is taken where vulnerability is concerned.

“As ever, there is simply no place for complacency to creep in. We remain focused on continuous improvement and we are determined to go from ‘good to great’ in the near future.

“Together with the Police and Crime Commissioner and our community partners, we will keep working hard to ensure North Yorkshire Police is effective, sustainable and provides the best possible service for our communities.

“North Yorkshire Police continues to oversee the safest area in England and that is, ultimately, the true measure of our effectiveness for the public.”

**HMIC press release**

**North Yorkshire Police’s effectiveness at keeping people safe and reducing crime is good**

HMIC judged that North Yorkshire Police:

 * is ‘good’ at preventing crime, tackling anti-social behaviour and keeping people safe;
 * is ‘good’ at how it investigates crime and reduces re-offending;
 * is ‘good’ at how it protects those who are vulnerable from harm, and supporting victims; and
 * ‘requires improvement’ in how it tackles serious and organised crime.

**HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said:**

“I am pleased to report that since our last inspection North Yorkshire Police continues to effectively keep people safe and reduce crime.

“The force is good at preventing crime and anti-social behaviour, with a strong focus from the police and crime commissioner and the chief constable on protecting neighbourhood policing. The commitment to preventing crime is well understood by all officers and staff, which was evident by the early intervention steps taken to tackle local concerns and stop problems from getting worse. This demonstrates a commitment by the force to continue to keep local communities safe.

“The force carries out good quality investigations, and has good processes in place to identify, investigate and bring repeat and dangerous offenders to justice and prevent them from re-offending. We found that officers and staff have the appropriate skills to investigate specific crimes. Call centre staff are able to assess risk correctly, however more could be done to gather information at this early stage. This would assist in the investigation process in order to prevent any delay and ensure the best possible outcome for victims.

“I am pleased to find improvements to the way in which the force protects vulnerable victims since our inspection last year. Vulnerability is recognised as a priority across the force. Individuals who may be vulnerable are identified at the earliest opportunity to make sure that the most appropriate response is provided by the force. The levels of support provided to victims of domestic abuse have also improved which will help to protect more victims from future harm.

“The force has improvements to make in the way it tackles serious and organised crime. The force does have some understanding of the threats faced by local communities and is taking active steps to enhance its knowledge of emerging crime types. There is some work ongoing to gather intelligence and disrupt crime groups within local areas; however, this was not consistent across the whole of the organisation. Further prevention and detection work is needed to ensure that all communities are protected from serious and organised crime.”

The full inspection report for North Yorkshire Police is available here:

under-embargo-peel-police-effectiveness-2016-north-yorkshire

Posted on 2 March 2017 at 07:15am in News stories
