```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-06T12:59:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident took place on the Ripley to Bilton cycle path near to the Killinghall Bridge A61 at 7:15pm on Saturday 27 August 2016 and involved a male suspect described as 16-18 years old, 5&#8217;6&#8243;-5&#8217;9&#8243; tall, slim build, shaved head. He was wearing a navy coloured jumper, grey jogging bottoms and white trainers, carrying a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following mobile phone theft in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-mobile-phone-theft-harrogate/
title: Appeal following mobile phone theft in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-mobile-phone-theft-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a mobile phone that occurred in Harrogate on the Ripley to Bilton cycle path near to the A61 Ripley.

The incident took place on the Ripley to Bilton cycle path near to the Killinghall Bridge A61 at 7:15pm on Saturday 27 August 2016 and involved a male suspect described as 16-18 years old, 5'6″-5'9″ tall, slim build, shaved head. He was wearing a navy coloured jumper, grey jogging bottoms and white trainers, carrying a navy coloured Armani man bag and riding a bright blue framed mountain bike.

The suspect approached two teenage boys on the cycle path and engaged them in conversation before asking to look at their mobile phones, he then rode away along the cycle track heading in the Bilton direction away from the A61 taking one of the phones with him.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the suspect involved in the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the suspect and his movements at the time in question and any information that may assist in confirming this.

Suspect is described as a dark skinned male, 16-18years old, 5'6″-5'9″ tall, slim build, shaved head, with an english accent. He was wearing a navy coloured jumper, grey jogging bottoms and white trainers, carrying a navy coloured Armani man bag and riding a bright blue framed mountain bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Pc 1519 Darren Copley. You can also email Darren.copley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160155667.

Contact details:
 Darren Copley \- #1519
darren.copley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31519
Incident reference:
 12160155667
Posted on 6 September 2016 at 12:59pm in Local appeals
