```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-05T14:06:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-05T13:56:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The innovative police scheme, which was launched in North Yorkshire in April 2017, deploys teams of officers to deter, detect and disrupt criminal and terrorist activity in crowded places. Today, the Metropolitan Police is launching a number of additional teams, meaning the whole of London, including London City Airport and Heathrow Airport, will be covered. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/2018-04-05-PHOTO-00000006-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police join the Metropolitan Police as Project Servator goes live across London - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-join-metropolitan-police-project-servator-goes-live-across-london/
title: North Yorkshire Police join the Metropolitan Police as Project Servator goes live across London
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-join-metropolitan-police-project-servator-goes-live-across-london/
```

Last modified: 5 April 2018 at 03:06pm

North Yorkshire Police officers will join hundreds of colleagues from the Metropolitan Police as Project Servator launches across the whole of London from today, Thursday 5 April 2018.

The innovative police scheme, which was launched in North Yorkshire in April 2017, deploys teams of officers to deter, detect and disrupt criminal and terrorist activity in crowded places.

Today, the Metropolitan Police is launching a number of additional teams, meaning the whole of London, including London City Airport and Heathrow Airport, will be covered.

The tactic sees the deployment of both highly visible and covert police officers and staff alongside other resources such as dogs, firearms, ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) and CCTV cameras in cities, towns and other busy places.

The new additional Met Police teams will work in partnership with hundreds of colleagues from the City of London Police, British Transport Police (BTP) and the Ministry of Defence Police (MDP) to carry out deployments across the capital, including busy areas such as shopping centres, tourist attractions and transport hubs.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police, which has had additional support from other forces for deployments and training over the last year, with visit the capital as a show of support for the launch.

Superintendent Mark Grange, North Yorkshire Police’s Operational Policing Training Lead and Strategic Lead for Project Servator, said:

“Following the success of launching Project Servator in North Yorkshire, it’s an honour that our officers have been invited down to show our support as the initiative is rolled out across the whole of London.

“Project Servator deployments are designed to be unpredictable and can turn up at any time. One day tactics may be highly visible, the next they will be more covert.

“Joining up with other forces across the country reflects the national element and shows how the deployments can take place anywhere.

“We are also there to learn from colleagues in the Metropolitan Police which will help enhance and develop our specialist capabilities and deployments in North Yorkshire.

“We continue to call on the public to be vigilant and to report anything that they deem to be suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, or by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency or by calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321.

For more information about Project Servator visit northyorkshire.police.uk/servator or follow the #ProjectServator hashtag on social media.

**__**

Posted on 5 April 2018 at 02:56pm in News stories
