```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-12-16T15:32:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The first nine days of the campaign saw 41 arrests made, a huge increase of 70% on the same point in 2015. Disappointingly, a further 19 arrests have been made in the past week \u2013 bringing the total to 60 made in the first 15 days of the campaign. Of the 60 arrests \u2013 44 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/12/OTLUA-feature-image-1-e1481299520425.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police arrest 60 for drink and drug driving since beginning of Christmas campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-arrest-60-drink-drug-driving-since-beginning-christmas-campaign/
title: North Yorkshire Police arrest 60 for drink and drug driving since beginning of Christmas campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-arrest-60-drink-drug-driving-since-beginning-christmas-campaign/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2016 at 03:32pm

North Yorkshire Police have made further arrests in their Christmas drink and drug driving crackdown.

The first nine days of the campaign saw 41 arrests made, a huge increase of 70% on the same point in 2015.

Disappointingly, a further 19 arrests have been made in the past week – bringing the total to 60 made in the first 15 days of the campaign.

Of the 60 arrests – 44 were for drink driving and 16 for drug driving. 55 of those arrested are men and 5 women.

Just under a quarter of arrests have been made between the hours of 7.30am and 6pm (14 arrests – 23%)

**The breakdown of arrests since 1 December 2016 by region are:**

18 – Scarborough (9 drink & 9 drug driving arrests)

14 - Harrogate (12 drink & 2 drug driving arrests)

9 – York (7 drink & 2 drug driving arrests)

5 – Selby (3 drink & 2 drug driving arrests)

5 – Craven

4 – Hambleton

3 – Ryedale

2 – Richmond (1 drink and 1 drug driving arrest)

Sgt Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said “Officers will be out in force over the Christmas and New Year period and we will continue to get dangerous drink and drug drivers off the road.”

“Drivers must take personal responsibility for their choices. As the tragic story of Bob Allaway shows – it is not just the harm and damage you could cause to yourself, please consider the affects your actions have on others. In the latest film that North Yorkshire Police have released as part of Op Attention, Lorraine Allaway speaks frankly and bravely about having to identify her husband’s body, following his death at the hands of a drink driver who was nearly two and a half times the legal limit.”

“Nobody should ever have to experience the heartbreak that Lorraine lives with daily. That’s why our determination to arrest and prosecute drink and drug drivers who choose to break the law, remains strong.”

“I appeal to members of the public that if they have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room.

“For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Your call could save someone’s life.”

Posted on 16 December 2016 at 03:32pm in News stories
