```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-05T13:26:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious sexual assault which took place in Knaresborough this morning, Sunday 5 April.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following serious sexual assault in Knaresborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-in-knaresborough/
title: Witness appeal following serious sexual assault in Knaresborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-in-knaresborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious sexual assault which took place in Knaresborough this morning, Sunday 5 April.

The incident happened in the playing fields of King James's School, when the victim was grabbed by a man.

Detective Chief Inspector Allan Harder, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "This is an extremely distressing incident and I am appealing for people to come forward if they have any information that may help the investigation.

"I would ask anyone who may have been at King James's School between 9am and 11am today to contact me as soon as possible. Did you see anyone in the vicinity of the school this morning? Or did you see or hear anything that gave you cause for concern? If so, I need to hear from you."

Anyone who can help with this enquiry should contact North Yorkshire Police straight away: dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate CID.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote reference number 176 of 5 April when passing on any information about this incident.

The victim, a teenage girl from Knaresborough, has been receiving support from specially trained officers. The area of the incident has been cordoned off to allow for forensic examination and searches.

Posted on 5 April 2015 at 01:26pm in News stories
