```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-10T16:37:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police is issuing an urgent warning for the public to be vigilant for telephone scams after a North Yorkshire resident lost thousands of pounds to a caller claiming to be from HMRC and requesting payment for unpaid taxes. North Yorkshire Police Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officer, Andy Fox, said: \u201CThese type of scam calls [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/Hand-picking-up-a-landline-phone-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Renewed warning of scam callers as North Yorkshire residents targeted - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-warning-of-scam-callers-as-north-yorkshire-residents-targeted/
title: Renewed warning of scam callers as North Yorkshire residents targeted
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-warning-of-scam-callers-as-north-yorkshire-residents-targeted/
```

Last modified: 10 December 2020 at 04:37pm

North Yorkshire Police is issuing an urgent warning for the public to be vigilant for telephone scams after a North Yorkshire resident lost thousands of pounds to a caller claiming to be from HMRC and requesting payment for unpaid taxes.

North Yorkshire Police Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officer, Andy Fox, said:

“These type of scam calls are all too common and whilst a lot of people realise it is a scam, the fraudsters can be very convincing, as well as intimidating to their victims.

“The most common telephone scams are individuals claiming to be from HMRC about an unpaid tax bill, callers claiming to be from Amazon about a Prime subscription allegedly taken out in the victim’s name or scammers posing as the police, claiming to be investigating a fraud on your bank account.

“If you receive any calls like this, hang up immediately. Never transfer money on the request of a phone call from someone you do not know and if you are ever asked to lie to your bank or the police as to why you are transferring money, it is more than likely to be a scam.

“It is vitally important that you protect your phone and your loved one’s phones, particularly if they live alone or could be vulnerable for another reason. Contact the phone provider to see what call blocking services they offer or purchase a new phone with a built-in call blocker. Alternatively, you can purchase a standalone call blocking device.

“The best armour we have to protect ourselves, our families, friends and neighbours from scammers is sharing information about how they operate and how to keep safe from their tactics so please share this with as many people as you can.”

If you suspect you have been scammed, call North Yorkshire Police on 101. We can offer help, advice and support as well as information on ways to keep yourself safe in future.

Posted on 10 December 2020 at 04:37pm in Fraud, News stories
