```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-07T15:16:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-07T15:14:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged ten to 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community. The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Logo-design-2018-2-300x157.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Young people to be honoured for community spirit at Lifestyle Challenge awards - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-awards-2018/
title: Young people to be honoured for community spirit at Lifestyle Challenge awards
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-awards-2018/
```

Last modified: 7 November 2018 at 03:16pm

The bright ideas and hard work of young people who’ve enhanced their communities in North Yorkshire is being honoured at a special award ceremony.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged ten to 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community.

The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the summer holidays that is of benefit to someone or something in North Yorkshire. They then have until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they do in a log book provided by the police.

The log books are then submitted for judging, with the winners attending a glittering awards ceremony in November to receive their prizes.

The Lifestyle Challenge Awards ceremony takes place on Wednesday, 14 November 2018 at 6pm at The Ebor Suite, York Racecourse.

Lifestyle 2018 includes seven challenges:

 * Suzanne Asquith – Dream Come True Challenge
 * Police and Crime Commissioner – Community Safety Challenge
 * The Shepherd Group – Conservation Challenge
 * Eboracum – Security Challenge
 * Energi – Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge
 * CNG Ltd – Energy ‘Sustainability’ Challenge
 * High Sheriff North Yorkshire – Harm Reduction Challenge

This year the sponsors include The Shepherd group, Eboracum, Energi Leisure, CNG Ltd, High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, York Maze, York Racecourse and Minster FM. The sponsors will be attending the award ceremony and have the opportunity to meet the young team members when presenting them with their award. The ceremony is kindly being compered by David Green from Minster FM.

This year there were teams from across the county who got involved. These include teams from Richmond, Scarborough, Whitby, Thirsk, Craven, Hawes, Bedale, Tadcaster, Selby and Ripon.

Some of the activities and projects that took place were:

 * Raised money from raffles for Scarborough, Whitby and Ryedale Foster Care Association (SWRFCA)
 * Helped the older people in a community by designing a colourful ‘beach-themed garden’ and raising money for plants
 * Put on a swing- themed afternoon for a local care home
 * Children got involved in ‘Beat the Heat’; a campaign to help inform elderly resident of the danger of hot weather and raised funds to supply water to reinforce their message
 * Completed a sponsored scooter ride to raise money for a local play park
 * Helped to keep a beach clean and raised money for Whitby Beach Sweep Team to buy cleaning equipment
 * Conducted a litter pick and cleaned-up the local skate park
 * Collected for foodbanks, plus collected bags of household items and clothing for donation to local charity shops
 * Organised a 1940s/50s fun day for residents
 * Made bird and hedgehog boxes, plus support local residents by making cakes and attending event days including dementia support groups

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Lifestyle is a fun and productive way to spend the summer holiday.

“The commitment, enthusiasm and work undertaken by these young team members is truly inspirational. These projects benefit not only young people, by giving them an activity to get involved with over the summer holidays, but also our communities as well. They really can make a difference in their community by being an ‘everyday hero’.”

There is also the opportunity for some of the teams to take part in a five-day adventure activity holiday at Bewerley Park Outdoor Activity centre during Easter 2019 school holidays. All participants get a certificate and a prize for taking part.

Posted on 7 November 2018 at 03:14pm in News stories
