```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-02T16:36:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-05T11:00:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Lorraine Allaway lost her husband Bob in a road traffic collision with a drunk driver in October 2015. In the film she speaks bravely and openly about the experience of losing Bob, due to the actions of a drink driver and what life has been like since the death of her husband. On Saturday 3 [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u201CA taxi, a police car or a hearse, the choice is yours&quot; says widow of drink drive victim - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/taxi-police-car-hearse-choice-says-widow-drink-drive-victim/
title: "\u201CA taxi, a police car or a hearse, the choice is yours\" says widow of drink drive victim"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/taxi-police-car-hearse-choice-says-widow-drink-drive-victim/
```

Last modified: 2 December 2016 at 04:36pm

To mark the start of the North Yorkshire Police and 95 Alive Christmas drink and drug driving campaign, the force has made a film with the widow of a drink drive victim, Lorraine Allaway, to depict the devastating effects of drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel of a car.

Lorraine Allaway lost her husband Bob in a road traffic collision with a drunk driver in October 2015. In the film she speaks bravely and openly about the experience of losing Bob, due to the actions of a drink driver and what life has been like since the death of her husband.

On Saturday 3 October 2015 at 12pm, Bob was riding his motorbike along the A65 near Settle to join Lorraine at her terminally ill sister’s bedside, when he was hit head on by a drunk driver. Bob very sadly died at the scene.

A roadside breath test was conducted on the driver and he returned a reading of 83ug per 100ml of breath – nearly two and a half times the legal limit (35ug/100ml). The driver, received a four year and eight month prison sentence was served with a five year, eight month ban from driving.

North Yorkshire Police’s Major Collision Investigation Unit conducted an investigation into the collision and found that whilst under the influence of alcohol the driver, Andrew Crook, 48 from Swinnow in Leeds, had driven his vehicle across double solid white lines onto the wrong side of the road and collided head on with Bob.

Speaking about why she agreed to make the film, Lorraine said “If this film stops one person from getting behind the wheel of a car after they have been drinking or taking drugs, and causing the devastation that my family have experienced, then I will be happy. At the end of the day, if you have been drinking or taking drugs you have choices; take a taxi, a bus or walk, the choice is yours. Either way, it’s better than a police car because you have killed someone or a hearse because you’ve killed yourself. The last thing your family needs at Christmas is a police officer knocking on your door to say ‘I’m terribly sorry to tell you… but your loved one is dead.””

Traffic Sgt Andrew Morton of the Roads Policing Group said; “The heartache and agony that Lorraine and her family have been through since Bob’s death is unimaginable and I’d like to thank Lorraine for her bravery and agreeing to support our campaign. The completely tragic thing is that Bob did not have to die in this way, at the roadside due to the selfish actions of a man who was nearly two and a half times the legal limit for alcohol.”

“Our determination to catch drink and drug drivers and take them off the road remains as strong as ever – North Yorkshire Police Road’s Policing Group is out there and we will catch you. You will face a court appearance, a hefty fine, a driving ban and, like the man who killed Bob, the possibility of a prison sentence.”

“Members of the public who have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs have been instrumental in the arrest and prosecution of drink and drug drivers in previous campaigns. I would again like to appeal to anyone who has information about someone drink or drug driving, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room. Your actions may prevent another family going through the agony the Allaway family has very sadly experienced.”

“For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. Your call could save someone’s life.”

Posted on 5 December 2016 at 11:00am in News stories
