```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-27T12:03:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "I enjoy working in the FCR particularly when dealing with fast-paced, high-intensity calls as it gives me a real buzz and the atmosphere feels electric. I enjoy handling calls about different crimes and interrogating all of our different systems in order to identify trends or patterns in criminal activity within a specific area. When we\u2019re [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/fcr4-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;Remember we&#039;re human beings too. Help us to help you as best we can.&quot; - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/remember-were-human-beings-too-help-us-to-help-you-as-best-we-can/
title: '"Remember we''re human beings too. Help us to help you as best we can."'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/remember-were-human-beings-too-help-us-to-help-you-as-best-we-can/
```

Last modified: 27 August 2019 at 01:03pm

Lizzie Traynor has been a Communications Officer in the Force Control Room (FCR) for seven years and for the last three years has been a tutor, delivering classroom training for all new recruits to the team. She talks through her experiences of the role:

I enjoy working in the FCR particularly when dealing with fast-paced, high-intensity calls as it gives me a real buzz and the atmosphere feels electric. I enjoy handling calls about different crimes and interrogating all of our different systems in order to identify trends or patterns in criminal activity within a specific area. When we’re dealing with an urgent 999 call, all of the different roles come together and work effectively as a team to deliver a positive result for the caller and this makes it all worthwhile.

A day where we have a high volume of phone calls is immensely challenging, particularly when some of those calls are hoax ones or not matters for the police to deal with. A large number of inappropriate or unnecessary calls put a lot of strain on our resources and it can be frustrating because it impacts on the level of customer service we offer and the public’s perception of us as a whole.

A lot of the calls we receive involve mental health, whether that is the health of the caller or the person being reported. The ones that always stay in my memory are calls where we’re able to reunite lost people with their families or where I’m able to assist elderly or vulnerable callers with their queries.

The most bizarre calls include one where I was asked out on a date and another where I received a blessing! There are so many, it’s impossible to remember them all.

It is so important that people don’t call 999 or 101 unnecessarily as this puts our already stretched resources under even more pressure and ultimately hinders our ability to deal with genuine emergencies.

If anyone reading this was to take away one thing, I’d say please remember that we are human beings too and help us to help you as best we can.

Posted on 27 August 2019 at 01:03pm in News stories
