```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-01-06T12:23:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened around 2.50pm on 2 December 2020 near the shops on Cornlands Road, Acomb, when a lone male was involved in an altercation with a male and female who allegedly tried to steal money from him. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/12200216130-C1-132x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV appeal after altercation in Acomb - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-after-altercation-in-acomb/
title: CCTV appeal after altercation in Acomb
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-after-altercation-in-acomb/
```

Last modified: 6 January 2021 at 12:23pm

The incident happened around 2.50pm on 2 December 2020 near the shops on Cornlands Road, Acomb, when a lone male was involved in an altercation with a male and female who allegedly tried to steal money from him.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anyone who can identify the individuals pictured in the CCTV images as we believe they may have information which could help the investigation.

One individual is male with a pale complexion, short dark hair and of average build. He was wearing a black top, black tracksuit bottoms and grey trainers and was riding a bicycle.

Another individual is female with a pale complexion, dark eyes and of a slim build. She was wearing a dark hooded top with the hood up, dark leggings and white ankle high trainers.

The third individual is male with dark hair and xlean shaven. He was wearing a full white tracksuit with white trainers, he was also wearing a black baseball cap and had a small black satchel style bag over his shoulder.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Harl Pattison. You can also email Harl.Pattison@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200216130

Contact details:
 Harl Pattison \- #0935
Harl.Pattison@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30935
Incident reference:
 12200216130
Posted on 6 January 2021 at 12:23pm in CCTV appeals
