```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-08T23:47:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Members of Neighbourhood Watch and Rural Watch who give up their own time to help keep North Yorkshire safe have been recognised for their outstanding dedication.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/07/NHW_and_RW_awards_7_July_2015-1024x906.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Volunteer community crime-fighters honoured for outstanding commitment - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-community-crime-fighters-honoured-outstanding-commitment/
title: Volunteer community crime-fighters honoured for outstanding commitment
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-community-crime-fighters-honoured-outstanding-commitment/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

Members of Neighbourhood Watch and Rural Watch who give up their own time to help keep North Yorkshire safe have been recognised for their outstanding dedication.

View image

The volunteers, who go the extra mile to support security initiatives across the county, were honoured at an awards ceremony held at police headquarters in Newby Wiske on Tuesday 7 July 2015.

The awards were hosted by North Yorkshire Police's volunteer Chief Officer for Citizens in Policing, Mike Maiden, and were presented by Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire.

Mr Maiden said: "Neighbourhood Watch volunteers are the eyes and ears of the police, helping us to prevent and detect crime in local neighbourhoods. Their selfless commitment in helping to keep our neighbourhoods safe deserves recognition. I have been very humbled to hear about the work that goes on across North Yorkshire. It has made a tangible difference in local communities from eradicating antisocial behaviour, to tackling travelling criminals. We cannot thank them enough."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: "Neighbourhood Watch do a fantastic amount for community safety. All the volunteers contribute something, but these awards are for those who go above and beyond and deserve and extra thank you. My congratulations go to those people specifically, but thanks also to all those involved in Neighbourhood Watch around the county who do so much to help keep North Yorkshire as one of the safest places in England."

Terry Wallis, Chair of North Yorkshire's Neighbourhood Watch Association, added: "We're very proud of today's award recipients whose efforts are representative of the tremendous work carried out every day by our Neighbourhood Watch volunteers in the fight against crime. They also help to reduce the fear of crime as well as identifying vulnerable people in their community and addressing the issues of radicalisation. They are inspirational and set a great example to us all.

"We are always enthusiastic to welcome new members on board as well as launching new schemes and would encourage anyone to get involved."

Anyone who is interested in getting involved can contact Terry via email terrywallis@live.co.uk or visit North Yorkshire Police's websitewww.northyorkshire.police.uk/nhw

**The award winners**

Wayne Johnson from the Selby area was presented with the Rural Watch Scheme Award for Outstanding Achievement. His selfless efforts and motivational skills have inspired others to help the police by providing support for local initiatives to tackle rural crime the antisocial use of motor vehicles. His support for rural crime initiative, Operation Jumbo, was singled out for praise. The initiative has led to the prosecution of a number of suspects involved in rural crime in the Selby area.

David Nicklin, was presented with the Neighbourhood Watch Coordinator's Outstanding Achievement Award for the Selby area. David is described as having great community focus and involvement in local groups and projects. He works very closely with partner agencies and local groups to address a wide range of issues. He is highly valued by his local community who turn to him for regular help and advice. He has established his local Neighbourhood Watch scheme and holds regular meetings as well as striving to get other communities involved in the scheme. His efforts have resulted in lower crime in his area and increased awareness among local people, who are now more likely to share information with the police.

Susan Proudfoot received the Rural Watch Co-ordinator's Outstanding Achievement Award for the Hambleton area. Susan was nominated for her infectious enthusiasm and relentless dedication that has resulted in the successful recruitment of new members of Rural Watch. Thanks to Susan's efforts, there are now regular, established patrols providing a watchful eye in some of the most isolated areas of North Yorkshire. Acting as the eyes and ears of the police, the patrols provide valuable information and intelligence about travelling criminals and suspicious activity.

Former chair of North Yorkshire's Neighbourhood Watch Association, Steve Law from Ryedale, was presented with two awards. He was honoured for his outstanding commitment and inspirational leadership during his time as the chair of the association. Steve is a founder member of the association and in addition to his duties representing North Yorkshire at regional and national level, he worked extremely hard to develop Neighbourhood Watch in the Ryedale, Scarborough and Whitby districts. He is also involved in training Police Community Support Officers in how Neighbourhood Watch works, as well as maintaining the association's website and the administration of the Ringmaster early warning message system.

Steve also received the Innovation Award for his work in establishing area co-ordinators, registering North Yorkshire Neighbourhood Watch as a charity, introducing a regular newsletter and has commissioned a project to engage under-represented groups. He also established a performance assessment document to hold North Yorkshire Police and the Police and Crime Commissioner to account.

The Upper Wensleydale Rural Watch team, led by Dales Watch, who could not attend the ceremony, were awarded the Rural Watch Scheme Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Richmondshire area. The team were established over ten years ago and operate coordinated patrols every week into the early hours of the morning. They provide valuable support to North Yorkshire Police in a vast isolated area, providing information about suspicious activity. Their support has led to numerous arrests for rural and cross border crime. The team also take part in cross-border operations with other police forces to target travelling criminals.

Posted on 8 July 2015 at 11:47pm in News stories
