```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-05T14:54:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-05T14:47:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Action Counters Terrorism (ACT) encourages communities to save lives by reporting suspicious behaviour and activity. A person\u2019s usage of the internet is one area that may cause suspicion or lead to a change in their behaviour. People can easily be exposed to extremist materials that are easily accessible online. Those involved in terrorism and violent [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/ACT-online-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: NORTH EAST COMMUNITIES ASKED FOR THEIR SUPPORT IN REPORTING ONLINE EXTREMISM - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-east-communities-asked-support-reporting-online-extremism/
title: NORTH EAST COMMUNITIES ASKED FOR THEIR SUPPORT IN REPORTING ONLINE EXTREMISM
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-east-communities-asked-support-reporting-online-extremism/
```

Last modified: 5 April 2018 at 03:54pm

With the enduring terrorist threat, it is now more important than ever that everyone plays their part in tackling terrorism.

Action Counters Terrorism (ACT) encourages communities to save lives by reporting suspicious behaviour and activity.

A person’s usage of the internet is one area that may cause suspicion or lead to a change in their behaviour. People can easily be exposed to extremist materials that are easily accessible online. Those involved in terrorism and violent extremism recognise its power and use it as a tool for recruitment and radicalisation.

Detective Chief Superintendent Martin Snowden is the Head of Counter Terrorism Policing (CTP) North East. He said: “Usage of online platforms is very apparent in a large number of counter terrorism investigations.

“This could be this be someone viewing extremist material online, using it as a tool to promote terrorist ideology or sharing images and videos that glorify terrorism.

“We also have the internet been used as a way of drawing people into extremist behaviour or as a tool for a person to self-radicalise.

“It is therefore vital that we do all we can to stop this type of material cluttering the internet and social media. If you become aware of extremist material online, or are worried that a person may be accessing this kind of information, then please ACT and report your concerns in confidence at gov.uk/ACT”.

Like other criminals, terrorists need to plan. If you see or hear something unusual or suspicious trust your instincts and ACT by reporting it in confidence at gov.uk/ACT or, in an emergency, dial 999.

Some examples of suspicious activity or behaviour could potentially include:

 * Hiring large vehicles or similar for no obvious reasons
 * Buying or storing a large amount of chemicals, fertilisers or gas cylinders for no obvious reasons
 * Taking notes or photos of security arrangements, or inspecting CCTV cameras in an unusual way
 * Looking at extremist material, including on the so-called Dark Web, or sharing and creating content that promotes or glorifies terrorism.
 * Someone receiving deliveries for unusual items bought online.
 * Embracing or actively promoting hateful ideas or an extremist ideology.
 * Possessing firearms or other weapons or showing an interest in obtaining them
 * Holding passports or other documents in different names, for no obvious reasons
 * Anyone who goes away travelling for long periods of time but is vague about where

Someone carrying out suspicious or unusual bank transactionsYou are not wasting our time, and no call or click will be ignored. What you tell us is treated in the strictest confidence and is thoroughly researched by experienced officers before, and if, any police action is taken.Any piece of information could be important, it is better to be safe and report. Remember, trust your instincts and ACT. **Action Counters Terrorism**.

Posted on 5 April 2018 at 03:47pm in News stories
