```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:27:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:27:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: PC Suzanne Asquith of North Yorkshire Police, has been awarded a British Empire Medal (BEM) for her services to policing and to youth engagement in the Queen&#039;s Birthday Honours List.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Recognition for North Yorkshire PC Suzanne Asquith in Queen&#039;s Birthday Honors - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recognition-north-yorkshire-pc-suzanne-asquith-queens-birthday-honors/
title: Recognition for North Yorkshire PC Suzanne Asquith in Queen's Birthday Honors
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recognition-north-yorkshire-pc-suzanne-asquith-queens-birthday-honors/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:27pm

PC Suzanne Asquith of North Yorkshire Police, has been awarded a British Empire Medal (BEM) for her services to policing and to youth engagement in the Queen's Birthday Honours List.

Having been a response officer for almost 12 years, when Suzanne was diagnosed with a serious illness which put her out of front line action, she wanted to ensure that she remained an active part of North Yorkshire Police, whilst dealing with her illnesses.

In 2013 she undertook a project to review the force's Youth Engagement Programme and look at how it could be developed and expanded. North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge 2013 and Rock Challenge 2014 quickly followed and have run to great success every year since.

Both events have seen hundreds of young people take part from all across the county, from all kinds of backgrounds, and as a result community projects have been completed from beach cleans to drug awareness projects and family fun days to presenting magic shows in residential homes.

Suzanne is now working on the forthcoming Lifestyle and Rock Challenge events and is looking to expand both to involve even more of our regions schools.

Speaking about her award Suzanne said: "I am absolutely delighted to have received the British Empire Medal. I have always loved being a police officer and am very proud to be given an award in recognition of it. Most of all I am proud of all the young people who have taken part in both projects and who have realised their potential, overcome difficulties and made improvements to both themselves and their communities. That is inspirational."

Posted on 13 June 2016 at 01:27pm in News stories
