```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:50:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-12T14:56:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Karl Lambert, 38 (pictured), has been jailed for 11 months for burgling an address in the village of Cliffe, near Selby, just after midnight on Monday 16 September. The sentence comes after relatives of the 79 year-old man had previously installed CCTV cameras throughout his home after it had been burgled four times the same [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/LAMBERT-Karl-29-05-81-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Burglar \u2018snared by social media appeal&#039; is jailed after targeting 79 year-old victim - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglar-snared-by-social-media-is-jailed-after-targeting-79-year-old-victim/
title: "Burglar \u2018snared by social media appeal' is jailed after targeting 79 year-old victim"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglar-snared-by-social-media-is-jailed-after-targeting-79-year-old-victim/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:50pm

A burglar, who was identified after CCTV of him burgling the home of an elderly man was shared on social media by North Yorkshire Police, has been jailed.

11 months jail for burglar ‘snared by social media appeal’ – Michael Karl Lambert, 38, of Portland Farm, Hemingbrough

Karl Lambert, 38 (pictured), has been jailed for 11 months for burgling an address in the village of Cliffe, near Selby, just after midnight on Monday 16 September.

The sentence comes after relatives of the 79 year-old man had previously installed CCTV cameras throughout his home after it had been burgled four times the same year.

CCTV footage capturing the latest burglary was immediately shared with North Yorkshire Police, and within a few hours of the initial report, the force had issued an appeal on social media and via the media asking for the public’s help to identify the suspect. Watch the CCTV footage here.

Lambert’s name was suggested by members of the public and he was arrested the following day where he refused to comment during police interviews.

There was not enough evidence to proceed with a charge against Lambert and he was released whilst the investigation continued.

Investigators were later able to link drops of blood found on a brown paper bag which had been used to cover up a security light at the property to Lambert. He was arrested again but continued to maintain his innocence however, he was charged with burglary and remanded in custody until his court appearance.

At the Plea and Trial Preparation Hearing (PTPH) at York Crown Court on Monday 11 November 2019, Lambert, of Portland Farm, Hemingbrough, entered a guilty plea and was sentenced to 11 months imprisonment and ordered to pay court costs.

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Hannah McPeake of North Yorkshire Police’s Criminal Investigation Department, said:

“This was a spineless crime committed on a 79 year-old man who was targeted for his vulnerability. Thankfully, Lambert was snared by our social media appeal after members of the public recognised him as the person captured on CCTV committing the burglary. He also left behind a brown paper bag which linked him to the crime.

“I’d like to thank the members of public who put Lambert’s name forward to North Yorkshire Police which enabled us to swiftly make the arrest and carry out the investigation. I’m extremely pleased for the victim and his family that this ordeal is over and that Lambert is now behind bars where he belongs.”

**What to do if you have been burgled**

Ring 999 if you believe the offender is still in your house or has just run away; if not use the 101 number. You will be given a crime number to quote in an insurance claim, or if you want to contact police with any follow-up queries.

Try to preserve the crime scene for any forensic evidence that may be of use to the police. If possible, do not touch anything or allow your children or pets into the same rooms that the burglar has been in.

For more advice visit northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Posted on 12 November 2019 at 02:56pm in Burglary, News stories
