```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-02T15:55:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Thursday 1 December 2016 at 4.28pm when a group of\_three men entered the store and carried out the theft in the space of\_10 seconds. Two of the three suspects entered the shop and walked straight to the central stand for display phones. One suspect has cut the security cable of\_four display model [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Appeal after \xA32600 worth of iPhones stolen from Skipton shop - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/group-enter-the-o2-shop-in-skipton-and-steal-4-iphones/
title: "Appeal after \xA32600 worth of iPhones stolen from Skipton shop"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/group-enter-the-o2-shop-in-skipton-and-steal-4-iphones/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Theft of four iPhones which were cut from the security stand in the o2 shop on Sheep Street, Skipton.

It happened on Thursday 1 December 2016 at 4.28pm when a group of three men entered the store and carried out the theft in the space of 10 seconds.

Two of the three suspects entered the shop and walked straight to the central stand for display phones. One suspect has cut the security cable of four display model iPhones from the stand using a pair of pliers and left the phones on the stand. The second suspect has then picked up the phones and concealed them into the front of his hooded top. The first suspect then cuts free a further two phones whilst the third suspect stands blocking the doorway observing the staff. Once the phones have been cut free all three men are seen to run out of the shop and get into a vehicle possibly a Black Peugeot, which drives off at speed up the high street. It is reported that the phone security alarms were sounding whilst the suspects made off. This appears to be a pre-planned theft by the group.

The phones that have been stolen are an iPhone 6, IMEI 353289070381456. An iPhone 6s IMEI 358351062590893. An iPhone 7 IMEI 359202073929209 and an iPhone 7+ IMEI 359217070865727 to the value of £2698.00.

Two of the suspects are described as white, approximately 20-30 years old, both men were wearing tracksuits and black ‘deer stalker’ style hats. The third suspect was wearing a dark baseball cap, and a distinguishing dark coloured long sleeved top with light brown patches on the shoulders and upper arm, he is of stocky build.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify and locate the suspects. In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who comes into contact with the stolen phones. The phones have been taken with a solid white block attached to the back case of each phone, if removed the phones will be obviously damaged. Police would like to speak to anyone who may have details of a black vehicle seen driving through Skipton with the boot lid up at around 4:30pm immediately after the theft took place, this vehicle is possibly a black Peugeot 206. Police urge local retailers to check their CCTV between 4.20pm and 4:40pm on Thursday 1 December.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Thomas Bacon. You can also email thomas.bacon@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160217092.

2 December 2016.

Contact details:
 Thomas Bacon \- #0227
thomas.bacon@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30227
Incident reference:
 12160217092
Posted on 2 December 2016 at 03:55pm in Local appeals
