```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-03T16:54:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-03T14:41:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Carl Robert Teasdale,\_ 27, has been sentenced to eight years behind bars after attacking the 69 year-old man in his home at the end of last year. A court heard how Teasdale targeted the address in Potto, a small village near Stokesley, at around 9pm on 31 October 2019. The victim was home alone watching [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/Carl-Robert-Teasdale-12-01-93.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Jail for masked burglar who \u2018pistol-whipped\u2019 69 year-old Stokesley man in his home - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-for-masked-burglar-who-pistol-whipped-69-year-old-stokesley-man-in-his-home/
title: "Jail for masked burglar who \u2018pistol-whipped\u2019 69 year-old Stokesley man in his home"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-for-masked-burglar-who-pistol-whipped-69-year-old-stokesley-man-in-his-home/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2020 at 05:54pm

A masked burglar has been jailed after he broke into a 69 year-old man’s Stokesley home and ‘pistol-whipped’ him with a firearm.

Armed burglar Carl Teasdale, 27, has been jailed for eight years

Carl Robert Teasdale, 27, has been sentenced to eight years behind bars after attacking the 69 year-old man in his home at the end of last year.

A court heard how Teasdale targeted the address in Potto, a small village near Stokesley, at around 9pm on 31 October 2019.

The victim was home alone watching television in his front room, when he was confronted by the balaclava-clad intruder who was brandishing a handgun.

Teasdale knew his victim’s name and threatened to kill him if he did not hand over £10,000.

Fearing that he would be killed, the victim hit Teasdale around the ­head with a bottle in his attempt to get away.

Teasdale proceeded to hit the victim around the head with the imitation firearm, causing the victim to drop to the floor.

After marching the victim around the property emptying jars of money, Teasdale locked the petrified man in the bathroom.

It was from there that the victim managed to smash the window to make his escape from the three-hour ordeal and raise the alarm.

Teasdale fled with £10,000 of cash and the 69 year-old’s vehicle which was recovered a few days later in the Eston area of Teesside.

Police launched an investigation into the aggravated burglary and were able to identify Teasdale following enquiries in the area.

He was arrested two weeks later but denied any involvement and was released on bail pending further enquiries.

A forensic scientist later matched Teasdale’s DNA to DNA found on a balaclava that was retrieved from inside the victim’s stolen motor. His fingerprints were also lifted from a pint glass inside the victim’s home.

Teasdale was re-arrested in March of this year and provided ‘no comment’ during interviews but charged with the offences.

Today (Friday 3 July), Teasdale of Bridgend Close, Middlesbrough appeared before York Crown Court where he pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary, assault causing actual bodily harm and theft of a motor vehicle. He was jailed for eight-years.

Handing down the sentence, Judge Morris stated that it had been the "most serious aggravated burglary he has ever had to deal with."

During the sentencing hearing, a victim impact statement was read out on behalf of the victim who described how the ordeal has had a devastating impact on his life and left his loved ones feeling concerned about his well-being.

He described how he had offered Teasdale employment several years ago, at a time when he was desperate for work, but his faith in human nature had now been destroyed.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Quita Passmore, of North Yorkshire Police’s Hambleton and Richmond CID, said:

“This was a violent and cowardly burglary and an extremely terrifying and life changing ordeal for the victim. Not only was he threatened with his life in his own home, but he was hit around the head with what he believed to be a real gun and locked in his bathroom. Luckily, and bravely, he managed to smash the window and escape to a place of safety where he was able to raise the alarm.

“This court result reflects the hard work put in by the whole investigation team and I’d like to thank all those who played a part in securing this conviction.

"I’m pleased that we’ve secured such a positive result for the victim and hope the sentence handed down today will allow him to move on with his life in the knowledge that Teasdale is behind bars for a very long time."

Posted on 3 July 2020 at 03:41pm in Burglary, News stories
