```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-29T11:16:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police encourage people to remain vigilant ahead of more rain and freezing temperatures.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: FLOODS UPDATE - Tuesday 29 December 7.30pm - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/floods-update-tuesday-29-december-7-30pm/
title: FLOODS UPDATE - Tuesday 29 December 7.30pm
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/floods-update-tuesday-29-december-7-30pm/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

As emergency services continue to respond to the floods that hit our county on the days following Christmas, people are being urged to remain vigilant.

River levels are continuing to demise across the City of York and North Yorkshire and recovery is now well underway. However, the weather forecast indicates rainfall across the west of the county tomorrow (Wednesday 30 December), followed by frost and temperatures of up to minus five overnight on Thursday 31 December into Friday 1 January 2016 - which means people need to take care and remain vigilant.

Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh, who is chairing a Strategic Co-ordination Group in response to the flooding, said:

"Hundreds of properties have been affected by these floods and the priority for the police is always to ensure the safety of the public.

"Emergency services teams are continuing to work around the clock to make sure we can restore some normality for those people affected as soon as is possible.

"Reassurance patrols have taken place today and those identified as particularly vulnerable, having been flooded, have had welfare visits.

"Due to the huge recovery operation that is underway and the indication that some bad weather is set to continue, we are still urging people to avid travelling to York unless it is necessary to do so".

People are again asked to strictly abide by closure signs on roads and bridges.

The latest flood warning information can be accessed via the Gov.uk website _https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/map_

You can also follow @EnvAgencyYNE and #floodaware on Twitter for the latest updates. Or call the Floodline on 0345 9881188.

If you need to contact North Yorkshire Police for non-emergency matters, please call 101.

If it is an emergency, always dial 999.

Tuesday 29 December 2015.

Posted on 29 December 2015 at 11:16am in News stories
