```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-18T09:35:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-18T09:32:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In the past week,\_ the 7-day rate shows the number of cases in the Scarborough area has increased from 402 to 526 per 100,000 (6&#8211;13 Nov increase as at 17 Nov*). The England average currently stands at 270 cases per 100,000 (7-day rate as at 17 Nov*) With the number of cases rapidly increasing, local [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/Filey-door-to-door-297x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and Scarborough Borough Council join forces to encourage residents to stay home as cases of Covid continue to rise on the coast - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-scarborough-borough-council-join-forces-to-encourage-residents-to-stay-home-as-cases-of-covid-continue-to-rise-on-the-coast/
title: Police and Scarborough Borough Council join forces to encourage residents to stay home as cases of Covid continue to rise on the coast
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-scarborough-borough-council-join-forces-to-encourage-residents-to-stay-home-as-cases-of-covid-continue-to-rise-on-the-coast/
```

Last modified: 18 November 2020 at 09:35am

Filey and Scarborough local policing teams have been hitting the streets to warn local residents of the rising number of cases of Covid-19 in the area.

In the past week, the 7-day rate shows the number of cases in the Scarborough area has increased from 402 to 526 per 100,000 (6-13 Nov increase as at 17 Nov*). The England average currently stands at 270 cases per 100,000 (7-day rate as at 17 Nov*)

With the number of cases rapidly increasing, local policing teams have been working alongside representatives from Scarborough Borough Council’s Community Safety Team, going door-to-door in the effected communities. Teams have been delivering a Covid-19 alert leaflet to ensure local residents are aware of the current situation and understand how important it is to abide by the national regulations to stay at home.

Superintendent Mike Walker, lead for North Yorkshire Police’s Covid response said:

“Our local policing teams are doing everything they can to raise awareness about the current situation in these communities. Working alongside our partners at Scarborough Borough Council, we want to get the message out to everyone in the community that it has never been more important to abide by the national restrictions and to only leave home for essential reasons.

“Since day one of this pandemic, we have said we will do everything we can to keep our communities safe and this activity, literally going door-to-door, shows our commitment to that task.

“We have also said that we will engage with and encourage members of the public to abide by the regulations, but if they refuse to do so, we will take enforcement action.

“In the past seven days we have issued 45 fixed penalty notices across the whole of North Yorkshire. 40 of those notices have been for incidents in the Scarborough, Filey and Whitby area alone.

“20 have been issued to those who are outside of their homes without a reasonable excuse, 16 to people gathering outside and four to people gathering indoors.

“Let me be clear – this is a very serious situation. The number of cases are increasing and all the local agencies are working flat out to ensure the local community is aware of the current circumstances. Our health service is working hard to care for those who are feeling the real effects of this virus and are preparing themselves for a hard winter ahead. If we do not take some serious action straight away, this situation is only going to get worse. More people will die of this virus and the lock down may need to be extended or restrictions become even tighter, to curb the impact.

“Please consider every journey you make. Every time you approach your front door – ask yourself if this a necessary journey you are making? Do you have to leave the house for food or medical reasons, to care for someone or go to work or school? If you do not – then please stay home.

“Take action now to protect yourself, your family, your neighbours, your community and your health service.”

Posted on 18 November 2020 at 09:32am in News stories
