```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:41:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-01T09:02:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on North Marine Road, between Monday 27 and RTuesday 28 November 2017, whereby suspects entered the victims flat and stole two paintings and a wooden tribal mask. The paintings are described as Russell Flint paintings. The first painting is A3 in size and features a desert scene with three people sat down with [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following recent burglary in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-scarborough/
title: Appeal following recent burglary in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:41am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened on North Marine Road, between Monday 27 and RTuesday 28 November 2017, whereby suspects entered the victims flat and stole two paintings and a wooden tribal mask.

The paintings are described as Russell Flint paintings. The first painting is A3 in size and features a desert scene with three people sat down with camels in the background. One of the people on the painting is a female with her breast exposed.

The second painting, also A3 in size; is a desert scene with a single topless female figure in foreground washing herself from a bowl. In the background there are camels.

The tribal mask is described as dark brown and unpainted, with two eyeholes and a mouth.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may have been offered these items.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Neale Graham , or you can also email Neale.graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170213446

Contact details:
 Neale Graham \- #1032
neale.graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 / 01609 643413
Incident reference:
 12170213446
Posted on 1 December 2017 at 09:02am in Local appeals
