```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-05T17:13:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-05T16:53:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The first burglary took place between 1am and 6am on Tuesday 28 July 2020 on Westbourne Ave in Harrogate. The offenders gained access to the victim\u2019s home before taking their\_car keys, a handbag and stealing a black Audi Q7 and a black Toyota Hilux from the driveway outside. The Audi has since been located. In [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/shutterstock_794696251-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two arrested in connection with three Harrogate, Knaresborough and York burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrests-in-connection-with-three-harrogate-knaresborough-and-york-burglaries/
title: Two arrested in connection with three Harrogate, Knaresborough and York burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrests-in-connection-with-three-harrogate-knaresborough-and-york-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 5 August 2020 at 06:13pm

North Yorkshire Police has arrested two people in connection with three recent burglaries in North Yorkshire.

The first burglary took place between 1am and 6am on Tuesday 28 July 2020 on Westbourne Ave in Harrogate.

The offenders gained access to the victim’s home before taking their car keys, a handbag and stealing a black Audi Q7 and a black Toyota Hilux from the driveway outside. The Audi has since been located.

In the second burglary which occurred in the early hours of 3 August, offenders took the car keys from a home on Park Avenue in Knaresborough before stealing a Fiat Doblo van parked outside. The van since been recovered.

Sometime between 8pm on 3 August and 7am on 4 August the third burglary occurred on Danum Road in York. In this incident, the victims came downstairs in the morning to find their home had been broken into and a number of items including a handbag, wallet, two purses and various bank cards have been stolen.

A 17 year-old boy was arrested yesterday evening and interviewed in connection with all three offences. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at court in relation to a separate matter.

A 19 year-old man was also arrested yesterday evening and interviewed in connection with the Knaresborough burglary and has been released on conditional bail.

Anyone with information, including any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell-camera footage, that could assist the investigations is asked to please email Dominic.Holroyd@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number below when providing any information:

 * 12200128831 – Westbourne Avenue, Harrogate burglary
 * 12200132924 – Park Avenue, Knaresborough burglary
 * 12200133548 – Danum Road, York burglary

**Ten quick and easy steps to help improve your home security this Summer**

Here, North Yorkshire Police has shared ten quick, cheap and easy steps you can take to improve your home security this Summer.

 1. **Keep them out of view:** Make sure all valuables and keys, including car keys, are out of sight and away from the view of windows and the letterbox – remember a device could be used to hook keys through the letterbox.

 2. **Keep them locked:** Leaving ground floor windows, doors and patio doors open in the summer can give burglars the perfect opportunity. If you are upstairs, out of the room, or in the garden, even just for a few minutes, keep them locked and help shut burglars out.

 3. **Pay attention:** Pay particular attention when you’re outside in your garden, as you may not be able to see or hear someone entering your home.

 4. **Tidy away tools:** Ensure sheds, garages and outbuildings are locked and secure at all times – tidy away power tools and garden equipment after you’ve used them, don’t leave them outside where they could be used to break into your home.

 5. **Burglar-proof your bikes:** Secure bikes at home by locking them to an immovable object inside a locked shed or garage.

 6. **Check access to windows:** Burglars often target windows as they generally offer easier access than doors. Take a good look at your windows from the outside and remove potential access points where you can. Are there walls, bins or garden furniture that could be used to reach windows?

 7. **Give burglars nowhere to hide:** Burglars don’t want to be seen or heard and if they think they’ll be noticed by a neighbour or passer-by, they’ll probably move on. Cut back hedges at the front of your property to allow for a clear view over the top and don’t provide cover for anyone wishing to hide and make sure your security lights are working.

 8. **Gates and fences:** Make sure the fences around your garden are in good condition, especially rear fencing and ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.

 9. **Going away or on holiday?** Get a trusted neighbour to keep an eye on your property and leave radios or lights in your house on a timer to make the property appear occupied.

 10. **Mark your property:** Did you know North Yorkshire Police offers free property marking to all residents of North Yorkshire? Get your property marked and registered with their free property marking system

For more home security advice, speak to your local police team, or visit northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Posted on 5 August 2020 at 05:53pm in Burglary, News stories
