```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-06T16:11:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for drugs offences after a warrant was executed at a property in York last year.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/Paul-Tetley-Watson-03-11-79.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man jailed following York drugs warrant - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-following-york-drugs-warrant/
title: Man jailed following York drugs warrant
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-following-york-drugs-warrant/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A man has been jailed for drugs offences after a warrant was executed at a property in York last year.

Acting on intelligence, police searched a house in Barkston Grove, Chapelfields, on 14 May 2016, and found a quantity of drugs. Paul Tetley Watson, 37, was arrested at the premises. He was subsequently charged with possession of class B and class C drugs, and possession with intent to supply heroin, and pleaded guilty at court.

On 31 January 2017 he was sentenced at York Crown Court to 44 months’ imprisonment, and fined £325.

PC Andrew Chapman, of York West Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “The execution of this warrant was an excellent example of the police acting on information from the local community. The local Neighbourhood Policing Team was assisted by the York Neighbourhood Support Team and officers from the investigation Hub – all working together to get a positive result. Chapelfields residents and the wider community can be reassured that we will not tolerate drug dealing, and reports of such illegal activity will be taken extremely seriously. Anyone with information about the misuse of drugs should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Posted on 6 February 2017 at 04:11pm in News stories
