```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T11:23:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-06T11:22:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are calling on people in York to enjoy themselves safely and in the right spirit, as the weather improves and visitor numbers increase.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/northyorkshirepolice_29288987270-300x229.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge York visitors to enjoy themselves in the right way - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-york-visitors-enjoy-right-way/
title: Police urge York visitors to enjoy themselves in the right way
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-york-visitors-enjoy-right-way/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 11:23am

Police are calling on people in York to enjoy themselves safely and in the right spirit, as the weather improves and visitor numbers increase.

Op Erase

In a drive to clamp down on alcohol-related anti-social behaviour caused by a minority, but which impacts on the enjoyment of the majority, police and council licensing officers will be distributing and discussing the code of conduct for people visiting York.

Sgt Nick Plumb, of York Police, said: "York city centre is busy on a weekend, with residents enjoying family time round the city, tourists sightseeing and people going about their day-to-day business.

"Our aim is for everyone to visit the city safely and enjoy its vibrant and historic atmosphere. That's why we take a firm stance against anyone causing disruption. In particularly, we will target groups of visitors who travel to York and 'preload' themselves with alcohol, and then continue to drink excessively. If their behaviour is unacceptable we will take firm action, including the use of dispersal powers to remove them from the city centre.

"We are also reminding people that many families enjoy spending time in the city centre, and we would urge visitors not to bring inappropriate inflatable items, fancy dress or clothing with offensive slogans with them."

The codes state that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated on the train or the station, in the street or in licensed premises. It says York's city centre licensed premises have agreed not to allow inflatables, language or fancy dress which are considered offensive or inappropriate. They state they will not admit large groups (only at the licence holder's discretion) or people they believe to be drunk. They won't allow alcohol to be drunk that has not been purchased on the premises and will not tolerate anti-social behaviour. The code also makes it clear that details of anyone who is refused entry or asked to leave will be shared with other licensed premises and the police.

Officers received good feedback from the public and licensed premises when the code of conduct was launched last year as part of the multi-agency 'Had Enough!' campaign. As summer approaches, they are particularly keen to get the message across to visitors coming to York, such as those from outside the North Yorkshire area.

Sgt Plumb added: "We don't want to stop visitors to York having a good time. We're simply asking people to be aware of how much alcohol they consume, and how their behaviour affects others. Our aim is for everyone to feel safe and secure in the city centre."

**6 May 2016**

Posted on 6 May 2016 at 11:22am in News stories
