```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-15T12:29:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-15T12:24:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Checkpoint is a multi-force operation targeting travelling criminals operating between counties in the North of England and Scotland. The Operation involved North Yorkshire, Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Lancashire and Northumbria. Checkpoint was run overnight from Wednesday 13 September into Thursday 14 September, with the different forces sharing intelligence and co-operating throughout. The Operation has been [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police forces come together to tackle cross-border crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-forces-come-together-tackle-cross-border-crime/
title: Police forces come together to tackle cross-border crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-forces-come-together-tackle-cross-border-crime/
```

Last modified: 15 September 2017 at 01:29pm

Officers from across the region took part in a major operation focusing on rural criminals overnight.

Operation Checkpoint is a multi-force operation targeting travelling criminals operating between counties in the North of England and Scotland.

The Operation involved North Yorkshire, Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Lancashire and Northumbria.

Checkpoint was run overnight from Wednesday 13 September into Thursday 14 September, with the different forces sharing intelligence and co-operating throughout.

The Operation has been run more than a dozen times now, with Cumbria Constabulary being the lead force this time around.

In North Yorkshire, a total of 35 vehicles were stopped, with three vehicles seized under Section 165 of the Road Traffic Act (no insurance).

There were no arrests made in our county.

The efforts of neighbouring forces took the total number of vehicles stopped to 137. Neighbouring forces also made three arrests – on suspicion of drug driving, drink driving and burglary. We also summoned two people for poaching offences.

Commenting on the operation, Inspector Jon Grainge of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce said:

“We’re really happy with how the joint operation went. We had more than thirty volunteers out with us, who supported our officers on the night. Their efforts are fundamental in helping us deter and catch people, who are thinking of crossing the borders to commit crime.”

Inspector Jo Fawcett of Cumbria Police said: “By working together, Cumbria Constabulary and neighbouring forces improve our ability to stop offending by travelling criminals before the offences take place.

“We have an excellent relationship with neighbouring forces which is only enhanced through operations such as Checkpoint.

“Not only does the operation send out a clear message to criminals that the area is no soft touch, it also reassures the public of the resources being made to prevent such rural criminality.

“However, I would stress the point that it remains as important as ever that we continue to receive information about criminality and suspected criminality from the public. It is only with the help of the public that we can identify issues and make sure they are effectively and efficiently dealt with.”

Posted on 15 September 2017 at 01:24pm in News stories
