```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-03T14:53:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: More than 150 cycles in York have been permanently protected against thieves.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Op-Clover-bike-marking-at-Millennium-Bridge-1024x576.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cycle security operation isn&#039;t &#039;Clover&#039; yet - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cycle-security-operation-isnt-clover-yet/
title: Cycle security operation isn't 'Clover' yet
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cycle-security-operation-isnt-clover-yet/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

More than 150 cycles in York have been permanently protected against thieves.

As part of Operation Clover, the city's Neighbourhood Policing Teams ran a series of cycle security drop-in sessions on Sunday 30 April, at Bishopthorpe Road, Millennium Bridge and the railway station.

Residents were able to bring their bikes along and get them security-marked for free with a sophisticated dot peen property marking machine. The owner of every marked bike was also given a keyring engraved with their bike’s unique number, acting as a reminder should the worst happen and the bike is later lost or stolen.

Police volunteers supported officers and PCSOs at the events, and more than 150 bikes were marked in just a few hours.

Sergeant Julie Hitchcock, of York Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "The events were extremely popular, and we were very busy at all three sites - so much so that we wore out a number of batteries on the property marking machines!

"Our next major Operation Clover event is at the York Bike Belles' Walk Cycle Festival - we'll be at Rowntree Park from 11am to 2pm on Sunday 28 May, marking bikes and issuing keyrings, so please come along and meet us there."

Last month, police in York launched Operation Clover to clamp down on cycle theft. In addition to bike marking drop-in sessions, other proactive activities will be announced over the coming weeks.

In April 2017, there were 50 cycle thefts in York - significantly down from 101 in April 2016. There were 53 thefts in January 2017, 68 in February 2017 and 48 in March 2017.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. Dot peen machines can be used on everything from steel and aluminium to plastic. Marking cycle using dot peen is a simple but effective way of protecting it, as the permanent engraving makes it easier to recover if lost or stolen, and difficult for thieves to sell on.

North Yorkshire Police publicises dot peen property marking opportunities on Neighbourhood Policing Team Facebook pages, and on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen. Visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen to find out more.

Posted on 3 May 2017 at 02:53pm in News stories
