```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-11-07T14:24:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The station\u2019s memorial garden at Beckwith Head, which is regularly used by staff and those who have lost loved ones, lacked structure and year-round colour. So staff and volunteers at RHS Harlow Carr offered to give it a revamp after they were approached by a family who use the garden regularly. During the makeover, plants [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Memorial20garden-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Changes take root in Harrogate\u2019s police memorial garden thanks to neighbours at RHS Harlow Carr - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/changes-take-root-harrogates-police-memorial-garden-thanks-neighbours-rhs-harlow-carr/
title: "Changes take root in Harrogate\u2019s police memorial garden thanks to neighbours at RHS Harlow Carr"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/changes-take-root-harrogates-police-memorial-garden-thanks-neighbours-rhs-harlow-carr/
```

Last modified: 7 November 2017 at 02:24pm

Green-fingered neighbours have helped the thin blue line spruce up its memorial garden at Harrogate Police Station.

The station’s memorial garden at Beckwith Head, which is regularly used by staff and those who have lost loved ones, lacked structure and year-round colour.

So staff and volunteers at RHS Harlow Carr offered to give it a revamp after they were approached by a family who use the garden regularly.

During the makeover, plants that thrive during colder months were introduced to the garden, and other species were introduced to attract more wildlife.

Harrogate District Chief Inspector John Wilkinson said: “Remembering those we’ve worked with and those we’ve lost is very important to us at North Yorkshire Police.

“The garden gives us a place to do that. It’s great to know that it will be even more attractive all year round and I’m sure it will be enjoyed by many in the coming months and years.

“RHS Harlow Carr have been extremely supportive and we’re grateful to have such good neighbours.”

Nigel Eaton, head of RHS Garden Harlow Carr's shop and plant centre said: ”We were more than happy to help revamp the memorial garden.

“It’s such an important and poignant space for friends and loved ones and we wanted to do it justice by ensuring there is something beautiful to enjoy all year round.

“Dogwood and hellebores will provide interest through the winter while roses, bulbs and herbaceous planting will offer colour and scent – and a haven for wildlife - throughout the seasons.”

Chief Inspector John Wilkinson pictured with staff and volunteers from Harlow Carr Gardens

Posted on 7 November 2017 at 02:24pm in News stories
