```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-03-26T13:55:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A team of nine cadets based at the force\u2019s Scarborough cadet unit will attempt the challenge on 24 April 2019. The Yorkshire Three Peaks route is 24 miles long and takes in 5200ft of ascent through the Ribblesdale area of the Yorkshire Dales.\_ It includes the peaks of Pen-y-Ghent, Ingleborough and Whernside and must be [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/cadet-training-hike-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough police cadets tackle three peaks fundraiser for mental health charity - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-cadets-tackle-three-peaks-fundraiser-for-mental-health-charity/
title: Scarborough police cadets tackle three peaks fundraiser for mental health charity
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-cadets-tackle-three-peaks-fundraiser-for-mental-health-charity/
```

Last modified: 26 March 2019 at 01:55pm

North Yorkshire Police’s Volunteer Police Cadets are tackling the gruelling Yorkshire Three Peaks climb in aid of the mental health charity Mind.

A team of nine cadets based at the force’s Scarborough cadet unit will attempt the challenge on 24 April 2019.

The Yorkshire Three Peaks route is 24 miles long and takes in 5200ft of ascent through the Ribblesdale area of the Yorkshire Dales. It includes the peaks of Pen-y-Ghent, Ingleborough and Whernside and must be completed in 12 hours to qualify for official completion.

Cadet leader, PC Michael Barker, said: “We wanted to complete a challenge in aid of a good cause and the overwhelming choice among the cadets was for Mind, the mental health charity. We hope by doing our little bit we will help someone, somewhere, including police officers who are at such a high risk of developing mental ill-health.

“The cadets jumped at the chance to take on the three peaks and it’s only due to existing commitments that they can’t all join us.”

The cadets, who are aged between 14 and 17 attend schools in the Ryedale and Scarborough area and will be raising money for the Scarborough, Whitby and Ryedale branches of Mind.

Volunteer Police Cadet, Imogen Boughton-Bond, said: “I voted for the charity mind as its aims are to help and support those with mental health issues, which it has done for members of my own family. The Yorkshire Three Peaks has inspired us because it's not only a physical challenge, but a mental challenge too. It requires motivation and strength to keep going, from first thing in the morning and last thing at night.”

To donate, please visit their JustGiving page

Volunteer Police Cadets have a rest during an 11 mile training hike along the Cleveland Way

Posted on 26 March 2019 at 01:55pm in News stories
