```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-13T16:56:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-13T16:56:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "As part of North Yorkshire Police\u2019s \u201CNO HOME HERE\u201D campaign, which this month focuses on domestic abuse, there is an aim to raise awareness of Clare\u2019s Law \u2013 also known as the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police raise awareness of \u201CClare\u2019s Law\u201D in order to help protect potential victims of Domestic Abuse - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-raise-awareness-clares-law-order-help-protect-potential-victims-domestic-abuse/
title: "Police raise awareness of \u201CClare\u2019s Law\u201D in order to help protect potential victims of Domestic Abuse"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-raise-awareness-clares-law-order-help-protect-potential-victims-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 13 December 2017 at 04:56pm

As part of North Yorkshire Police’s “NO HOME HERE” campaign, which this month focuses on domestic abuse, there is an aim to raise awareness of Clare’s Law – also known as the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme.

Clare’s Law – named after Clare Wood, who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend in 2009 – came into force across England and Wales in March 2014.

Clare was strangled and set on fire by her ex-boyfriend at her home in Greater Manchester. He had a history of domestic abuse – but Clare was unaware of it.

The scheme aims to protect those vulnerable to domestic abuse, by disclosing information about someone's partner if there are concerns around him or her being violent.

If you are concerned that you or a friend or family member may be at risk of domestic abuse, then you are also urged to contact the police and ask about “Clare’s Law” (also known as the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme).

There are two elements to the scheme:

**1) “The Right to Ask”** - where any concerned person (for example a current partner, family member, professional person or next door neighbour) can make enquiries to the police about a current relationship, if they have concerns about a person.

**2) ”The Right to Know”** – where the police or other safeguarding agencies are in receipt of information about a previously violent individual who may cause harm to another, proactive consideration will be given as to whether a disclosure is required, where necessary, to protect a potential victim, even when the person who they are seeking to protect has not asked for such information.

Between April 2016 to March 2017, there were 111 applications in total, 41 under Right to Ask and 70 under Right to Know.

Detective Chief Inspector Allan Harder, of North Yorkshire Police’s Safeguarding Command, said: “For the purposes of the NO HOME HERE campaign in relation to domestic abuse, we want to make sure everyone knows where to get help and understands the options available to them about the action they can take.

“For victims, we would encourage them to contact police. We have specialist trained officers who can take any necessary action to keep you safe. If you don’t want to speak to police, then please call the Independent Domestic Abuse Service (IDAS) to get the support we know you vitally need.

“It is also really important we raise awareness of Clare’s Law as this allows anyone who is worried their partner may be abusive, to contact the police and request checks are done on their history.

“Importantly, the scheme also allows concerned friends or family members to get in touch with police and request this information too. Ultimately, this helps us all work together to make sure we are doing all we can to keep people safe from harm and make sure any potential victims of domestic abuse are protected.

“If police checks show that the person of concern has a record of violent behaviour or there is other information to indicate that any children may be at risk, the police will consider sharing this information and taking appropriate action.”

Dial 101 and ask about Clare’s Law (the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme) or visit the website : **www.northyorkshire.police.uk** – just click **“What we do”** , **“Tackling crime”** and then **“Crimes against the person”**.

Victims can also receive information and support from **Supporting Victims** , a North Yorkshire–based service put in place by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner. Call 01609643100 to access the necessary level of support that’s right for you or visit **www.supportingvictims.org**

If victims do not want to involve the police, they can still seek confidential professional help and support from IDAS, the Independent Domestic Abuse Service that has offices across North Yorkshire. Their 24 hour helpline is 03000110110 or visit the website for essential help and advice www.idas.org.uk

**Potential tell-tale signs of domestic abuse**

**Victims**

**Do you have a relative, friend, colleague or neighbour who you think may be in an abusive relationship?**

**Here are some potential tell-tale signs to watch for:**

 * **Bruises or injuries that look like they came from choking, punching or being thrown to the ground. Black eyes, red or purple marks at the neck, and sprained wrists are common injuries in violent relationships**
 * **Attempting to hide bruises with makeup or clothing**
 * **Making excuses for injuries such as tripping over or being accident-prone or clumsy - often the seriousness of the injury does not match up with the explanation**
 * **Having few close friends and being isolated from relatives and colleagues and kept from making new friends**
 * **Having to ask permission to meet, talk with or do things with other people**
 * **Having little cash available and no access to bank or credit cards or even a car**
 * **Having low self-esteem; being extremely apologetic and meek**
 * **Referring to the partner 's temper but not disclosing the extent of the abuse**
 * **Having a drug or alcohol abuse problem**
 * **Having symptoms of depression, such as sadness or hopelessness, or loss of interest in daily activities**
 * **Talking about suicide, attempting suicide, or showing other warning signs of suicide. Encourage this person to seek medical help and support**

**Perpetrators**

**Do you suspect someone is abusing their partner? These are some of the key signs to look out for before you decide to report them:**

 * **They make threats and do things just to frighten their partner**
 * **They put their partner down just to make them feel bad when they are alone or around friends**
 * **They make their partner feel guilty if they don’t spend time with them**
 * **They make no effort to get on with their partner’s friends or family**
 * **They hit, slap or push their partner**
 * **They look through their partner’s phone, social media or web history**
 * **They want to know where their partner is all the time**
 * **They cheat on their partner or accuse them of cheating**
 * **They steal from their partner or make them buy things for their own use**
 * **They make their partner have sex when they don’t want to**

Posted on 13 December 2017 at 04:56pm in News stories
