```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T08:54:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-07T08:50:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 2.20pm on 26 August 2015, a collision occurred on the B6265.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following incident on B6265 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-incident-b6265/
title: Appeal for information following incident on B6265
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-incident-b6265/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 08:54am

At around 2.20pm on 26 August 2015, a collision occurred on the B6265.

The incident involved a pedal cycle and a tractor which had a trailer attached.

Three cyclists were travelling together away from Ripon, towards Pateley Bridge near to the Studley Royal Garden Centre. When the tractor over took the cyclists, the trailer knocked one of the cyclists off their bike.

The 30 year old cyclist who was struck by the trailer was wearing a grey gillet with a panther claw on the back, bright blue cycling shorts and a black helmet. He sustained minor injuries and the damage to his bike is a cost of around £600.

There was another tractor following the one involved in the incident. Both were blue with red trailers carrying large round bales of straw. Neither of the tractors stopped following the incident.

A white camper van which was travelling towards the cyclists witnessed the accident. The occupants stopped and offered the injured cyclist assistance, however they did not leave their details.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to come forward and in particular ask the occupants in the white campervan to get in touch.

Dial 101, press option 2 and ask to speak to PC Amanda Box or emailAmanda.box@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Monday 7 September 2015.

Posted on 7 September 2015 at 08:50am in News stories
