```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T09:07:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-15T09:06:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police staff member and Special Constable Zoe Hodgkin has won this year&#039;s Best Boss Award in the Minster FM Local Hero Awards.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/ZOe_Hodgkin_uniform2-238x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Zoe is the &quot;Best Boss&quot; and has an award to prove it! - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/zoe-best-boss-award-prove/
title: Zoe is the "Best Boss" and has an award to prove it!
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/zoe-best-boss-award-prove/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 09:07am

North Yorkshire Police staff member and Special Constable Zoe Hodgkin has won this year's Best Boss Award in the Minster FM Local Hero Awards.

Zoe, a Special Constabulary Liaison Officer, based at Fulford Road police station in York, won the award after being nominated by Special Inspector Kath Houlden on behalf of a team of 70 Special Constables who Zoe coordinates across the York and Selby area.

In her nomination, SI Houlden, who is also based at York, described Zoe as "a great boss and a lovely person" She said: "The reason I nominated Zoe is because she is amazing! She is always happy to see her staff and takes time to get to know them and is always supportive. She sees the good in us all and keeps us all motivated, praising us regularly.

"She goes out of her way to make us believe in ourselves. I recall one night my colleague and I were guarding a fallen tree on a dark country road, very cold and very hungry. After Zoe had finished work at 10.30pm, she drove eight miles out of her way to bring us hot (well, Luke warm!) food and drinks just to keep us going.

"More often than not, people moan and gripe about their boss, not in this case. Myself and the 70 special constables who are looked after by Zoe, would all like to say a massive thank you for being YOU. We are thrilled that you have won, you more than deserve it!"

Chief Constable Dave Jones, added: "We are delighted that Zoe's work has been recognised in this way. We know we have great staff who go the extra mile to help keep North Yorkshire safe, but it means a lot when it is recognised independently. Congratulations Zoe, you can be very proud of yourself."

Zoe is also a Special Constable with 20 years' service and has reached the rank of sergeant. She has juggled her paid employment with volunteering as a Special Constable and bringing up her two young children.

Special Constables are voluntary police officers who give up their own time to policing their local communities.

They come from all walks of life and backgrounds and devote a minimum of four hours a week to policing duties.

Posted on 15 February 2016 at 09:06am in News stories
