```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:44:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-15T09:45:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Andrew Horsman, 37, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 20 weeks&#8217; imprisonment at York Magistrates&#8217; Court on Friday 11 October 2019, after being convicted of one count of burglary and one count of fraud. Shortly after 11am on 8 October, Horsman entered an area of the university campus to which only students have authorised [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/Andrew-HORSMAN.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Speedy justice for burglar who targeted a York university campus - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20-weeks-for-burglar-who-targeted-a-york-university-campus/
title: Speedy justice for burglar who targeted a York university campus
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/20-weeks-for-burglar-who-targeted-a-york-university-campus/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:44pm

A burglar who stole banks cards from a university campus in York before using one to buy groceries has been jailed for 20 weeks.

Andrew Horsman, 37, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 20 weeks' imprisonment at York Magistrates' Court on Friday 11 October 2019, after being convicted of one count of burglary and one count of fraud.

Shortly after 11am on 8 October, Horsman entered an area of the university campus to which only students have authorised access. Once inside he removed a purse from an unattended bag before removing the bank cards and replacing the purse. Horsman went on to use one of the cards to buy groceries at a store within the city.

The offence was investigated by PC Lee Ward of North Yorkshire Police's newly implemented Expedite Team and Horsman was arrested on the 10 October after being identified from CCTV footage. He was charged later that night and remanded in custody for court the following morning where he subsequently pleaded guilty before being sentenced.

PC Ward said: “Unfortunately, we see all too often the devastating impact that such crime can have on its victims.

“It is, therefore, very satisfying that someone like Horsman, who has deliberately targeted the city’s students, has been given a jail sentence for his crime.

“I hope that his conviction will act as warning to other criminals that we will not tolerate such crime in York and will act quickly to tackle their offending”.

“The technology and investigative resources that police have at their disposal is improving all the time and if you do prey on our communities, there is a very good chance that we will catch you and put you before the courts.”

Posted on 15 October 2019 at 10:45am in Burglary, News stories
