```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-01T12:30:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-31T13:46:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Original appeal Harrogate: Six suspects arrested following phone shop smash-and-grab raid Excellent work by Special Constables, response officers, the police dog unit, a police helicopter and the Force Control Room led to the arrest of six suspects in connection with a phone shop burglary in Harrogate. The incident occurred at EE on Cambridge Street at [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE on Harrogate phone shop smash-and-grab raid: Six suspects charged to court - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-six-suspects-arrested-following-phone-shop-smash-and-grab-raid/
title: 'UPDATE on Harrogate phone shop smash-and-grab raid: Six suspects charged to court'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-six-suspects-arrested-following-phone-shop-smash-and-grab-raid/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2018 at 12:30pm

The five teenage suspects, all based in Leeds, have been charged with burglary. The 45-year-old man, who has no fixed abode, has been charged with aiding and abetting burglary with intent to steal. They have been released on conditional bail and are due to appear at Harrogate Magistrates’ Court on 15 November 2018.

**Original appeal**

**Harrogate: Six suspects arrested following phone shop smash-and-grab raid**

Excellent work by Special Constables, response officers, the police dog unit, a police helicopter and the Force Control Room led to the arrest of six suspects in connection with a phone shop burglary in Harrogate.

The incident occurred at EE on Cambridge Street at 11.50pm on Tuesday (30 October 2018).

The front door of the shop was smashed and various smart phones and tablets on display were taken.

Police responded immediately to the burglar alarm activation.

Two of the suspects were arrested in a nearby field off the A61 at Buttersyke Bar after a grey Renault Clio car was abandoned in the middle of the road. One was detained at 12.03am the other at 1.21am with assistance from the dog unit and the police helicopter.

A team of Special Constables were deployed in an unmarked police vehicle as part of the operation to track down the remaining suspects.

They were initially spotted walking along the A61 towards Harewood at 2.51am and they were arrested at 3.03am without incident.

The males, aged 45, 17, 16, 16, 15 and 15, remain in custody for questioning.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Harrogate Serious Crime Team.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12180203342 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 31 October 2018 at 01:46pm in News stories
