```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-21T17:18:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault and disorder that occurred in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault outside pub in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-outside-pub-scarborough/
title: Appeal following assault outside pub in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-outside-pub-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault and disorder that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened outside the Wellington Pub, Castle Road, Scarborough at around midnight Saturday 1 October 2016 into the 2 October 2016.

The incident involved a group of four men and two women who caused damage at the Wellington Pub and assaulted a number of people both inside and outside the pub.

A man was punched in the face and suffered a nose bleed and a woman was kicked in the face suffering a deep cut to her chin. The woman was taken to Scarborough Hospital and treated for this injury and discharged later the same day.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about a woman who came to the assistance of the female victim, who was then subjected to an assault.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gary Evans. You can also email Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160179029.

Date 19th November 2016

***************************************

Contact details:
 Gary Evans \- #0792
Gary.Evans@northtyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609643407
Incident reference:
 12160179029
Posted on 21 November 2016 at 05:18pm in Local appeals
