```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-04-12T21:53:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 11.40am on the A1041 between Selby and Camblesforth at the junction with Barlow Road. The vehicles\_were all travelling in the same direction towards Selby. The lead car\_came to a sudden stop to make a right turn\_and the vehicles following took\_evasive action to avoid a collision. One of the motorcycles came to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to trace two vehicles after motorcyclists injured near Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-trace-two-vehicles-motorcyclists-injured-near-selby/
title: Appeal to trace two vehicles after motorcyclists injured near Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-trace-two-vehicles-motorcyclists-injured-near-selby/
```

Last modified: 12 April 2017 at 09:53pm

Selby police want to trace two vehicles following a collision involving four motorcycles and three cars on Sunday 9 April 2017.

It happened at around 11.40am on the A1041 between Selby and Camblesforth at the junction with Barlow Road.

The vehicles were all travelling in the same direction towards Selby. The lead car came to a sudden stop to make a right turn and the vehicles following took evasive action to avoid a collision.

One of the motorcycles came to rest in the road, and another motorcycle collided with the rider and pillion passenger who had fallen on the ground.

Officers want to trace the occupants of a silver Toyota pick-up with a white box on the back and a silver Volkswagen Passat, neither of which may be aware that a collision had occurred behind them. The third vehicle, a black Nissan, stopped at the scene.

If you are the drivers of either the Toyota or the Passat, or can help officers identify them, or anyone else who was passing and witnessed the incident, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Richard Stagg or email Richard.stagg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170060437 when passing on information.

The rider of the motorbike suffered cuts to his arms and hands and the woman passenger sustained a sprained wrist and shoulder, an ankle injury and a number of grazes. Thankfully, her injuries are not as serious as first believed.

The road was closed while emergency services dealt with the collision and reopened at around 2.50pm.

Posted on 12 April 2017 at 09:53pm in News stories
