```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:06:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-07T14:05:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman in her sixties was targeted in an attempted robbery in Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after attempted robbery in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-attempted-robbery-selby/
title: Appeal for information after attempted robbery in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-attempted-robbery-selby/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:06pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman in her sixties was targeted in an attempted robbery in Selby.

At about 11am on Friday 26 February 2016, a 65-year-old woman was assaulted and an attempt was made to steal her bag from her shoulder, in New Lane, Selby, close to the junction with Gowthorpe.

The woman had walked from Costa Coffee and was in the process of crossing New Lane towards the side of the Tree House pub when the offender barged into her and then tried to pull her bag away from her.

Fortunately, she successfully resisted his attempt to steal her bag, and in the process she was able to stamp on his foot and push him to the ground.

As he fell to the ground he shouted an obscenity before getting up and making his escape.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged in his forties, about 6ft tall, of thin build and scruffy appearance. He was wearing a grey parka coat with hood up over a baseball cap, baggy blue jeans and white trainers with holes in the sole and no laces.

If anyone witnessed the incident or has any information as to the identity of the offender, please dial 101, select option 2, and ask for DC Becky Powell, of York Serious Crime Team, or Investigator Jim Allan, of Selby Serious Crime Team.

If you would prefer to remain anonymous, please pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 and quote reference number 12160035039.

**7 March 2016**

Posted on 7 March 2016 at 02:05pm in News stories
