```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-24T14:14:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-24T13:59:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers, including one of North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Special Constables, attended an address in Malton on the evening of Saturday 22 July where cannabis grow was suspected. On inspection, a number of cannabis plants were found at the property along with a small quantity of a class A substance. A 33-year-old woman and a 48-year-old man [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/Canabis-576x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman receives caution after cannabis grow reported in Malton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-receives-caution-cannabis-grow-reported-malton/
title: Woman receives caution after cannabis grow reported in Malton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-receives-caution-cannabis-grow-reported-malton/
```

Last modified: 24 July 2017 at 03:14pm

A woman and two men have been arrested and a small quantity of cannabis plants seized following a tip-off from member of the public in Malton.

Officers, including one of North Yorkshire Police’s Special Constables, attended an address in Malton on the evening of Saturday 22 July where cannabis grow was suspected.

On inspection, a number of cannabis plants were found at the property along with a small quantity of a class A substance.

A 33-year-old woman and a 48-year-old man and were arrested at the address on suspicion of conspiracy to produce a class B drug.

The woman received a caution for being in possession of a Class B drug and the man received a police warning.

Another 48-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of the same offence and released with no further action.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said:

“People should be alert to the signs of cannabis cultivation in their area, and report any suspicions they have to the police – we will take action.

“If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers.”

The signs to look out for include:

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell
 * Equipment being taken into a house. For example, lighting and ventilation equipment.
 * Constantly covered or blocked-off windows. Cannabis factories often have constantly closed curtains, black-out blinds or foil coverings.
 * Unsociable coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see.
 * Strong and constant lighting day and night.
 * High levels of heat and condensation. Cannabis factories often give off heat and the windows stay misted up.
 * Constant buzz of ventilation. Listen out for a whirring sound as the growers try to create an ideal climate for the plants to grow.
 * Lots of power cables. Gangs dig underground to lay cables that hook up to things like lamp posts so they don’t have to pay for the enormous amounts of electricity they use. They can easily bypass a £20,000 utility bill.
 * If you are a landlord or letting agent, be aware of potential tenants who pay a large amount of rent in advance and in cash, go out of their way to prevent you visiting the premises, offer to improve exterior fortifications.

To report any suspicions you have, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101. Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For further details please quote North Yorkshire Police reference number: 12170129394

Posted on 24 July 2017 at 02:59pm in News stories
