```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-19T11:22:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-19T11:21:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Sixteen Community Speed Watch groups are taking to the roads of North Yorkshire to encourage motorists to observe speed limits and drive more carefully. It coincides with Project EDWARD, which stands for European day without a road death and is held today. This initiative has been running since 2016 and aims to have a significant [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/northyorkshirepolice_29687823245-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Biggest ever turnout of Community Speed Watch groups today to support European-wide day without a road death - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/csw-day/
title: Biggest ever turnout of Community Speed Watch groups today to support European-wide day without a road death
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/csw-day/
```

Last modified: 19 September 2018 at 12:22pm

A record number of speed watch volunteer groups are out in force across North Yorkshire today in a bid to prevent any road deaths across Europe.

Sixteen Community Speed Watch groups are taking to the roads of North Yorkshire to encourage motorists to observe speed limits and drive more carefully.

Volunteers are taking to the roads today to encourage safer driving

It coincides with Project EDWARD, which stands for European day without a road death and is held today. This initiative has been running since 2016 and aims to have a significant and sustained reduction in death and serious injury on roads across the world.

Today is the first time so many Community Speed Watch volunteers have deployed at the same time across North Yorkshire.

Speed Watch groups will be monitoring speeds at various locations throughout the day in both 20mph and 30mph zones, in conjunction with the Traffic Bureau’s safety camera deployment in other areas across North Yorkshire.

Jamie Smith, Community Speed Watch Co-ordinator for North Yorkshire Police, said: “The record turnout by groups across the county today is extremely encouraging – it shows how much people care about reducing speeding and improving road safety in their communities.

“Project EDWARD also enables our local Community Speed Watch groups to be part of something really big and make a huge difference, not just within the communities they serve, and not just in North Yorkshire, but across an entire continent.

“We’re very grateful to everyone who has volunteered for such an important cause today, and throughout the rest of the year.”

There are 46 Community Speed Watch groups in total across North Yorkshire. The 16 deploying for Project EDWARD today are:

 * Allerston (Ryedale)
 * Bishopthorpe Village (York)
 * Briggswath (Scarborough)
 * Weaverthorpe (Ryedale)
 * Stillington (Hambleton)
 * Tockwith (Harrogate)
 * Cononley Village (Craven)
 * Carleton (Craven)
 * Knapton (York)
 * Eggborough (Selby)
 * Embsay (Craven)
 * Ruswarp (Scarborough)
 * Cononley Lane, Cononley (Craven)
 * Bishopthorpe Road (York)
 * Fulford (York)
 * Gilling West (Richmond)

Community Speed Watch groups are run by local volunteers and the scheme is provided by North Yorkshire Police.

Volunteers at the launch of Community Speed Watch in Topcliffe in 2016

Its main aim is to draw drivers' attention to speed limits in areas where communities feel it is affecting their quality of life, and to educate them about the impact of their actions.

It was developed after a public consultation run by the Police and Crime Commissioner in July 2014 which showed that four out of five residents were concerned about road safety in North Yorkshire, and that 72 percent of people felt that more should be done to improve road safety through enforcement or education.

The scheme was piloted between March and September 2015 and due to positive results and a positive public response, it now forms one part of North Yorkshire Police’s approach to roads policing.

To find out more about how a Community Speed Watch group could be set up in your area, visit https://northyorkshire.police.uk/what-we-do/road-policing/community-speed-watch/

Posted on 19 September 2018 at 12:21pm in News stories
