```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T11:18:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-05T11:18:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious collision in Richmond.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious collision in Richmond - witness appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-richmond-witness-appeal/
title: Serious collision in Richmond - witness appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-richmond-witness-appeal/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 11:18am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious collision in Richmond.

At about 11.45am on Tuesday 3 May 2016 a collision occurred on the B6271 Maison Dieu at Richmond.

It involved a red Honda Civic being driven in the direction of Brompton on Swale and a red and white cycle travelling in the same direction, which collided with the rear of the Honda.

As a result of the collision a man in his sixties from the Darlington area sustained serious injuries and was taken to James Cook Hospital by air ambulance, where he remains in a critical condition. The driver of the Honda, a man in his eighties from the Richmond area, was uninjured. The road was closed for three hours to enable police to investigate the scene.

We are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone who saw either the Honda or the cycle before the collision to contact police. The cyclist was wearing a yellow-coloured top at the time and is believed to have travelled through Richmond from the direction of Gilling West prior to the collision.

Officers are particularly keen to trace the driver of a light-coloured box van or lorry which was travelling into Richmond from the direction of Brompton on Swale at the time. The driver may not be aware of the collision but may be able to assist with the investigation.

Witnesses are asked to contact TC Don Wright of the Thirsk Roads Policing Group at North Yorkshire Police, by dialing 101 and selecting option 2. Please quote reference 12160076521.

**5 May 2016**

Posted on 5 May 2016 at 11:18am in News stories
