```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T09:40:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-29T11:40:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is recruiting young people for its first ever uniformed Volunteer Police Cadet Unit in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Young_people-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Young people wanted as police launch first cadet unit in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/young-people-wanted-police-launch-first-cadet-unit-york/
title: Young people wanted as police launch first cadet unit in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/young-people-wanted-police-launch-first-cadet-unit-york/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 09:40am

North Yorkshire Police is recruiting young people for its first ever uniformed Volunteer Police Cadet Unit in York.

A pilot scheme is set to run for two years and is open to girls and boys aged 14 to 16 who live or study in or near York.

The scheme is being run in partnership with Askham Bryan College where cadet training sessions will take place on weekday evenings during school term.

Temporary Inspector Martin McLachlan who is leading the scheme, said: "This is a great opportunity for young people in the York area to do something different. The aim of the cadet scheme is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship and increase self-esteem and confidence. It will also help to promote a practical understanding of policing among young people and aims to inspire them to participate positively in their communities.

"It is open to anyone from any background, as long as they live or study in or near York. If the York pilot scheme is successful, it will pave the way for other units to open across North Yorkshire.

"It will be great fun and the cadets will meet new people and make new friends as well as learning skills for life. And, thanks to Askham Bryan College's partnership with us, we will have great facilities in which to hold our cadet nights."

The unit is set to open in September 2015 and after the first three months of initial training, cadets will take their oath at a passing out ceremony attended by family and friends.

During their training nights, cadets will learn about policing duties, policing skills and basic law, as well as taking part in physical activity and drill.

In addition to their weekly training nights, cadets will be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

As part of the scheme, cadets will also have an opportunity to complete their Duke of Edinburgh Award - including expeditions.

Cadets will be issued with a uniform but must provide their own black shoes.

For more information and to apply, please visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

Or email martin.mclachlan@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Or call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Martin McLachlan collar number 1153.

The closing date for applications has been extended to 10 July 2015.

Posted on 29 June 2015 at 11:40am in News stories
