```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-20T14:19:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-20T09:10:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A white Ford Transit drop side and a black BMW were in collision on the A6055 (old A1) at Leeming. The Ford Transit, which was travelling towards the A1M interchange , collided with the BMW travelling in the opposite direction towards the services The driver of the BMW was flown by air ambulance to James [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses after fatal collision on A6055 at Leeming Bar - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-fatal-collision-on-a6055-at-leeming-bar/
title: Appeal for witnesses after fatal collision on A6055 at Leeming Bar
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-fatal-collision-on-a6055-at-leeming-bar/
```

Last modified: 20 September 2019 at 03:19pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision near Leeming Bar Services at 5.43pm yesterday. (19 September)

A white Ford Transit drop side and a black BMW were in collision on the A6055 (old A1) at Leeming.

The Ford Transit, which was travelling towards the A1M interchange , collided with the BMW travelling in the opposite direction towards the services

The driver of the BMW was flown by air ambulance to James Cook Hospital but sadly passed away a few hours later. His family have been informed.

The driver of the Transit suffered serious injuries and was taken by road ambulance to James Cook Hospital, two passengers from the Transit also suffered serious injuries, one was airlifted to hospital, and a third received minor injuries.

The road was closed in both directions for a number of hours.

Officers spoke to witnesses at the scene, however anyone who witnessed the collision or who may have dash cam footage and has not yet spoken to the police is urged to come forward.

We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen either vehicle being driven near to the location prior to the collision.

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Mark Mullins or Mark Patterson of the Major Collision Investigation Team at Tadcaster. You can also email Mark.Mullins@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Mark.Patterson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12190174397 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 20 September 2019 at 10:10am in News stories
