```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T10:20:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-13T10:18:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York are planning to hammer out thefts from vehicles, with a call to motorists to ensure their property is secure.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/dotpeen11-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police drill home property marking message after thefts from vehicles in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-drill-home-property-marking-message-thefts-vehicles-york/
title: Police drill home property marking message after thefts from vehicles in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-drill-home-property-marking-message-thefts-vehicles-york/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 10:20am

Police in York are planning to hammer out thefts from vehicles, with a call to motorists to ensure their property is secure.

Since the New Year, police have investigated 21 reported thefts from unattended vehicles across the city, with thieves particularly targeting power tools such as drills and saws. Six vehicles were targeted in the north of the city last weekend alone.

In addition to reiterating crime prevention advice, officers are now urging people to get such items security marked. To the untrained eye, a marked and unmarked drill will look identical - but a security engraving can make all the difference in deterring thieves and helping the police to find its owner.

The first of a series of dedicated property marking events will take place on Monday 8 and Tuesday 9 February from 8.30am to 12.30pm at B&Q in Clifton Moor.

PC Krissie Magnay, of York Police, said: "Most thefts from vehicles are carried out by opportunist thieves, who choose 'easy targets', so it's essential that vehicle owners take steps to secure their property.

"If at all possible, never leave valuable items in your vehicle, and close the windows and lock the doors when leaving it unattended for any length of time. Also park with care, particularly at night or if you are leaving the vehicle for a long time. If you can, park in a busy, well-lit area, or a secure garage."

Security marking your property using a dot peen machine is also a very effective way of protecting yourself from being a victim of crime. PC Magnay added: "It's really important to security mark any equipment that is regularly carried in a vehicle, such as power tools. To the untrained eye, a marked and unmarked drill will look identical - but criminals will know to look for the security mark, and will quickly realise that the property will be too difficult to sell on.

"Of course, police officers also know what to look for - and if your property is marked it is much more likely that we will be able to return it to you if it is lost or stolen. It can also provide crucial evidence in securing convictions."

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number is entered onto the National Mobile Property Register, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

York Police offer dot peen property marking as a free service at drop-in sessions across the city. The machines were funded by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, and Safer York Partnership.

To help promote the security message, officers will be posting images of marked and unmarked tools on Twitter, using the hashtag #hammeroutcrime.

For more information, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen. To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, follow your local York police team on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest, or on Facebook. The service is promoted on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

Posted on 13 January 2016 at 10:18am in News stories
