```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:19:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-15T10:18:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Hundreds of knives and other blades seized by North Yorkshire Police are being used to raise awareness of the dangers of knife crime.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Seized North Yorkshire blades used to raise awareness of dangers of knife crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-north-yorkshire-blades-used-raise-awareness-dangers-knife-crime/
title: Seized North Yorkshire blades used to raise awareness of dangers of knife crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-north-yorkshire-blades-used-raise-awareness-dangers-knife-crime/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:19am

Hundreds of knives and other blades seized by North Yorkshire Police are being used to raise awareness of the dangers of knife crime.

Blades of all shapes and sizes - including a variety of ornamental swords - will form part of a 'knife angel' sculpture to act as a monument against violence and aggression as part of a national campaign.

The knives were collected from across York and North Yorkshire by police over the last year, in many cases seized by officers during criminal investigations, and are now ready for disposal.

The national 'Save A Life, Surrender Your Knife' campaign aims to remove 100,000 knives from the streets of the UK, and raise awareness. The campaign intends the art piece to show that we can all work together as a nation in spreading awareness and the need for education when it comes to knife violence.

Families who have lost loved ones to knife crime and violence are encouraged to visit the sculpture and engrave an everlasting message on the monument. The blades for this purpose have been carefully selected, to ensure they have not been used in any crime.

About 250 knives and blades were collected from North Yorkshire Police by the British Ironwork Centre and securely transported to their centre at no cost to the force.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "North Yorkshire is a safe place, and thankfully knife crime is very rare here. Unfortunately, when it does happen, it can have devastating consequences for those involved. It is fitting that these blades will be disposed of in a way that will commemorate victims and educate others about the dangers of knife violence."

**15 April 2016**

Posted on 15 April 2016 at 10:18am in News stories
