```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-12T10:06:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-12T09:46:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Alexandru Daniel Calin, 29, of Crown Terrace, Scarborough was sentenced at York Crown Court after pleading guilty to one count of rape. The victim had been on a night out in the town when she met Calin, who was unknown to her, in the early hours of Sunday 27 October 2019. He walked her home [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/05/Alexandru-Daniel-Calin-05-11-90.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough rapist jailed for nine years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-for-nine-years/
title: Scarborough rapist jailed for nine years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-for-nine-years/
```

Last modified: 12 May 2020 at 11:06am

A man has been jailed for nine years after raping a woman in Scarborough.

29 year-old Alexandru Calin was sentenced to nine years after pleading guilty to rape

Alexandru Daniel Calin, 29, of Crown Terrace, Scarborough was sentenced at York Crown Court after pleading guilty to one count of rape.

The victim had been on a night out in the town when she met Calin, who was unknown to her, in the early hours of Sunday 27 October 2019.

He walked her home where the offence took place.

Scarborough and Ryedale CID started an immediate investigation and he was arrested later that day and charged two days later.

On Monday 11 May 2020, Calin was sentenced to eight years for rape with a further 12-months, to be served consecutively, for failure to comply with previous sex offender register regulations. He was also given a three-year extended licence.

Two North Yorkshire Police officers, Detective Inspector Jonathan Sygrove and Detective Sergeant John Owens, are to receive commendations from the judge for their work in bringing Calin to justice.

Investigating officer, Detective Sergeant John Owens of Scarborough CID, said:

“Calin is a dangerous individual who left the victim petrified in her own home. I am pleased that the sentence handed down today reflects the gravity of the offence.

“This investigation has been a detailed and thorough investigation by the wider CID team and I would like to thank everyone involved for the work they have done to bring Calin to justice.

“No jail sentence can ever undo the suffering that the victim has endured but I want to praise her for having the bravery and strength to come forward and I hope it brings her some comfort that justice has been done, and she can now start to rebuild her life.”

**If you have been a victim of a sexual offence**

If you have been a victim of a sexual offence, whether it is happening now, or occurred many years ago, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 – we have specially trained officers who will treat you wish sensitivity and are determined to bring those responsible to justice.

If you are in danger, always call 999 and get to a safe place.

If you do not want to talk to the police, you can contact the Bridge House SARC (Sexual Assault Referral Centre) on 0330 223 0362 or you can send them an email at bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net

Their friendly team of professionals offer free support and practical help 24/7 to anyone in North Yorkshire who has experienced sexual violence and/or sexual abuse. Their service is completely confidential and you do not have to give any personal information in order to get help

For more advice visit bridgehousesarc.org

Posted on 12 May 2020 at 10:46am in News stories
