```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-04T12:27:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-04T11:45:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The van, painted\_with the colours\_of\_the vibrant rainbow flag, is a fully operational police vehicle which will attend police incidents, but will also be used by neighbourhood policing teams for local engagement events. Decked with the Policing with Pride logo, the van also carries messages around hate crime reporting and displays both the key theme of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/TCC-and-PCC-side-pic-300x181.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police unveil rainbow wrapped Pride police van - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-unveil-rainbow-wrapped-pride-police-van/
title: North Yorkshire Police unveil rainbow wrapped Pride police van
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-unveil-rainbow-wrapped-pride-police-van/
```

Last modified: 4 June 2018 at 01:27pm

North Yorkshire Police have unveiled their rainbow wrapped police van, which is to form part of the York Pride parade on Saturday 9 June 2018 and the Harrogate Pride in Diversity parade the following weekend, on Saturday 16 June 2018.

The van, painted with the colours of the vibrant rainbow flag, is a fully operational police vehicle which will attend police incidents, but will also be used by neighbourhood policing teams for local engagement events.

Decked with the Policing with Pride logo, the van also carries messages around hate crime reporting and displays both the key theme of this year’s York Pride event #FLAGITUP and the twitter address of the force’s LGBT network @NYP_LGBT

Speaking about the launch of the vehicle, Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“North Yorkshire Police is an inclusive organisation and we are here to protect and represent everyone, irrespective of their sexuality, gender, race, religion or disability.

“By having the van out and about on the road, wrapped in the Pride flag colours, everyone can see our commitment to stopping the victimisation of LGBT people and raising awareness of hate crime reporting.

“We know that hate crime is an under reported crime and some people feel that they cannot approach us if they have been subjected to verbal or physical assault because of their sexuality or gender identity. We want to break down these barriers and encourage victims to come forward and make a report to the police.

“Our own LGBT network were the driving force behind the van and I know they are really looking forward to showing it off and representing North Yorkshire Police at both of the forthcoming Pride parades.”

Speaking about the role of the LGBT network, network member, PC John Topham said:

“Members of the North Yorkshire Police LGBT network were key to getting the van ready for the Pride events and we’re proud to be flying the rainbow flag and taking part.

“The colours of the Pride flag on the van is just one way we can show that North Yorkshire Police cares about the LGBT community and is committed to stopping the type of victimisation that sadly some LGBT people are subjected to on a daily basis.

“We hope by being part of the York Pride and Harrogate Pride events we encourage them to come forward and report any incidents to us, knowing that they will be listened to and taken seriously.”

Julia Mulligan, elected Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said:

"I am very proud to support the Pride event, and I hope it goes some way to reassure our LGBT+ communities that policing is alive to their concerns regarding hate crime and other issues. This is an open, welcoming police service and everyone will be treated with dignity and respect when they come forward.

“If anyone has suffered a crime motivated by hatred of their sexuality, please rest assured North Yorkshire Police are here to listen to those concerns carefully and address those crimes head-on. There is no need to suffer in silence and please, if you have any concerns report them to the police via 101, or directly to the Supporting Victims team.”

Anyone with information about hate crime should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or in an emergency always call 999. You can also seek advice and guidance from Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire. Visit www.supportingvictims.org for more information

Posted on 4 June 2018 at 12:45pm in News stories
