```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-26T11:16:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: River levels in York, Selby, Cawood and Tadcaster are slowly receding following severe flooding since Boxing Day.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Public urged to keep safe and be patient while the flood recovery operation continues in York and North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-urged-keep-safe-patient-flood-recovery-operation-continues-york-north-yorkshire/
title: Public urged to keep safe and be patient while the flood recovery operation continues in York and North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-urged-keep-safe-patient-flood-recovery-operation-continues-york-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

River levels in York, Selby, Cawood and Tadcaster are slowly receding following severe flooding since Boxing Day.

Emergency service teams, the local authorities, more than 600 soldiers and 125 mountain rescue personnel have been involved in the major operation which led to 250 people being evacuated from their homes. Council-run rest centres provided temporary accommodation for 115 people as part of the emergency response.

So far the emphasis of the multi-agency operation has been to protect life and property while the Environment Agency works with partner agencies to get the flood water under control.

The recovery phase of the operation is now getting underway, although residents and visitors have been warned about further disruption by flood water towards the weekend if heavy rain arrives on Wednesday as forecasted.

Problems with telephone communication in the York area in particular are also hampering the operation, including North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council who have each put in place temporary phone numbers to deal with callers. Please note, however, that the 999 emergency number and response times have not been affected.

Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh, who is chairing a Strategic Co-ordination Group in response to the flooding, said: "Everyone involved in the flood response operation have shown incredible professionalism and commitment to keeping people safe, as well as providing reassuring support to our communities under extreme circumstances.

"Despite the difficulties we are facing, I can assure people we are collectively working hard to overcome these issues and we will do everything in our power for a return to normality as soon as possible."

People are again asked to strictly abide by closure signs on roads and bridges until engineers have ensured they are structurally safe.

Motorists are also warned against driving through flood water which could be extremely dangerous as well as damaging to nearby homes due to bow waves.

The latest flood warning information can be accessed via the Gov.uk website _https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/map_

You can also follow @EnvAgencyYNE and #floodaware on Twitter for the latest updates. Or call the Floodline on 0345 9881188.

If you need to contact North Yorkshire Police for NON-EMERGENCY matters until our 101 lines are fixed, please use 01609 768182. This is a temporary number.

Posted on 26 May 2016 at 11:16am in News stories
