```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:56:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-09T16:55:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft from unattended motor vehicle that occurred in Whitby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft from vehicle - Fairmead Court, Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-vehicle-fairmead-court-whitby/
title: Theft from vehicle - Fairmead Court, Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-vehicle-fairmead-court-whitby/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:56pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft from unattended motor vehicle that occurred in Whitby.

It happened at Fairmead Court, Whitby between 16:30 hours on Thursday 5th February 2015 and 09:50 hours on Friday 6th February 2015 and involved entry being gained to a parked Talbot motor home.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any persons seen in the vicinity of Fairmead Court or Larpool Lane area in suspicious circumstances or if seen carrying electrical equipment.

We are also appealing for information about any persons offered any of the following items for sale or know of their whereabouts:

* 2x 17″ LCD TVs.

* Garmin NUVI 3498 SatNav in black Sendai case.

* Unbranded vehicle reversing camera and monitor.

* Sony MEX-N4000BT car radio.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1517 Neil Graham. You can also email neil.graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150020275.

Date 09 February 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150020275

Posted on 9 February 2015 at 04:55pm in News stories
