```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-05T15:54:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A major police operation \u2013 involving local policing teams, firearms support units and a police helicopter \u2013 was launch after members of the public reported intruders at the shop in Cawood high street, just after 12.30am. Officers attended the address on the village\u2019s high street but the suspects fled before they arrived. Police carried out [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Four arrested following post office break-in and pursuit - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/post-office/
title: Four arrested following post office break-in and pursuit
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/post-office/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Four men have been arrested after a post office near Selby was broken into.

A major police operation – involving local policing teams, firearms support units and a police helicopter – was launch after members of the public reported intruders at the shop in Cawood high street, just after 12.30am.

Officers attended the address on the village’s high street but the suspects fled before they arrived. Police carried out investigations at the scene and quickly identified a vehicle, which was suspected to have been involved in the offence, on the B1222 a few minutes later.

The vehicle failed to stop and a stinger was deployed.

All four men ran from the vehicle but were arrested following a foot pursuit, with officers being assisted by the use of a police helicopter

Police maintained a strong presence in the area while investigations were carried out.

Four men from West Yorkshire – three in their 20s and one in his 30s – were arrested on suspicion of burglary and are currently being held in custody while investigations continue.

Detective Inspector Wayne Fox said: “This was a great example of different policing teams working together to achieve a common goal.

“The police response was assisted greatly by vigilant members of the public, who raised the alarm in the first instance.

“An investigation is currently ongoing and I’d like to reassure members of the community in Cawood that we are providing an enhanced police presence and support in light of this incident.”

Police are appealing for anyone with information to get in touch on 101, quoting reference number 12160118241 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 5 July 2016 at 03:54pm in News stories
