```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-27T12:20:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-27T12:16:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at Acorn Close, Barlby in the early hours of Friday 24 July 2020 when the offender(s) removed the door lock from the front UPVC door to gain entry to the house and then stole car keys from inside. They then used the keys to steal a grey BMW from outside. In a separate [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: BMW stolen in a car key &#039;2 in 1&#039; burglary Barlby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bmw-stolen-in-a-car-key-2-in-1-burglary-barlby/
title: BMW stolen in a car key '2 in 1' burglary Barlby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bmw-stolen-in-a-car-key-2-in-1-burglary-barlby/
```

Last modified: 27 July 2020 at 01:20pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Barlby, near Selby

It happened at Acorn Close, Barlby in the early hours of Friday 24 July 2020 when the offender(s) removed the door lock from the front UPVC door to gain entry to the house and then stole car keys from inside. They then used the keys to steal a grey BMW from outside.

In a separate incident, which occurred at around 6.45pm on Friday 24 July 2020, a black Seat Ibiza bearing the registration number FG07 NWY failed to stop for police at Monk Fryston Roundabout on the A63 heading towards Selby. This vehicle was eventually located in Thomas Street, Barlby.

Officers have confirmed that they are investigating whether the two incidents are linked.

A man and woman, both aged 22 years, were subsequently arrested and interviewed about the use of this Seat vehicle. The female was released without charge and the male, who was also arrested on suspicion of committing the burglary at Barlby, was released under investigation and enquiries are continuing.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding both incidents.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any recent sightings of the black Seat Ibiza in the Barlby, Cliffe or Selby areas. The plates on display did not belong to that vehicle.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to email sarah.hodge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200126372

Contact details:
 David Pegg \- #5841
daviddpegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 07741173958
Incident reference:
 12200126372
Posted on 27 July 2020 at 01:16pm in Local appeals
