```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-07T16:35:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police officers, staff and special constables have paid their respects to Special Constable Glenn Goodman on the 25th anniversary of his death.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Glenn_Goodman_Tadcaster_042.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Respects paid to Special Constable Glenn Goodman on 25th anniversary of his death - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/respects-paid-special-constable-glenn-goodman-25th-anniversary-death/
title: Respects paid to Special Constable Glenn Goodman on 25th anniversary of his death
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/respects-paid-special-constable-glenn-goodman-25th-anniversary-death/
```

Last modified: 7 June 2017 at 04:35pm

Police officers, staff and special constables have paid their respects to Special Constable Glenn Goodman on the 25th anniversary of his death.

The officers gathered at the police memorial to Glenn on Wetherby Road in Tadcaster on Wednesday 7 June 2017 following a memorial service held at South Otterington Church near police headquarters earlier this year.

37-year-old Glenn was shot while on duty on 7 June 1992 when he made a routine stop of a vehicle on the A64 near Tadcaster. He died later that day. Paul Magee, a member of the IRA was jailed for life for his murder but later released under the Good Friday agreement.

Chief Constable Dave Jones said: “Glenn’s death was a dark and tragic moment in the history of North Yorkshire Police and he will never be forgotten.

“Glenn was volunteering to help protect his local community when he - and his family - paid the ultimate price. Today there are thousands of others on duty across the UK, facing similar dangers every day who all deserve our support and respect.

“Poignantly, the anniversary of Glenn’s death falls within National Volunteers’ Week, when we pay homage to volunteers across the country who, to use Glenn’s own words, do it “to make a difference”. My thanks goes to each one of these remarkable people, while the thoughts of everyone at North Yorkshire Police remain with Glenn’s family and friends.”

Posted on 7 June 2017 at 04:35pm in News stories
