```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-15T08:50:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have been highly commended at the prestigious Prince Michael International Road Safety Awards.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau receives recognition at prestigious Road Safety Awards - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-traffic-bureau-receives-recognition-prestigious-road-safety-awards/
title: North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau receives recognition at prestigious Road Safety Awards
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-traffic-bureau-receives-recognition-prestigious-road-safety-awards/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police have been highly commended at the prestigious Prince Michael International Road Safety Awards.

The awards, held in London last week, recognise achievements and innovations which will improve road safety. Each year the most outstanding examples of international road safety initiatives are given public recognition through the scheme.

Two of the forces initiatives were recognised by the awards; a scheme to increase safety through a section of roadworks on the A1 between Leeming and Barton and the introduction of a centralised Traffic Bureau.

The scheme on the A1 came about through excellent partnership working between North Yorkshire Police, the Highways Agency, Carillion Morgan Sindall and RedSpeed International. The initiative focused on raising awareness, education and enforcement of weight and width restrictions to drivers of LGVs over this section of road. The successful results saw a cultural change in driving behaviours and an amazing 94% reduction in weight and width violations.

The other high commendation was awarded to all those involved in the establishment of the Traffic Bureau - the Bureau itself and the wider team that supports and contributes significantly to its success and its ongoing efforts to improve road safety across the North Yorkshire.

Following a detailed feasibility study, North Yorkshire Police introduced mobile enforcement camera vans in June 2011. Since the investment was made to bring the most effective safety camera equipment to our roads, along with an efficient back office system, North Yorkshire Police have seen the number of people killed or seriously injured on the our roads significantly reduce.

Commenting on the recognition Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick said:

"We are very pleased to receive two high commendations at the Prince Michael awards. The two initiatives recognised have been highly successful and are key in our drive to reducing the number of casualties and ultimately saving lives on the roads in York and North Yorkshire.

"They also demonstrate our commitment to using education and awareness alongside enforcement to help us in this task"

Posted on 15 December 2015 at 08:50am in News stories
