```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-20T10:05:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a theft from car park ticket machines that occurred in Skipton&#039;s Town Hall Car Park.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after attack on Skipton Car park ticket machines - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-attack-on-skipton-car-park-ticket-machines/
title: Appeal after attack on Skipton Car park ticket machines
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-attack-on-skipton-car-park-ticket-machines/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a theft from car park ticket machines that occurred in Skipton's Town Hall Car Park.

The thefts happened over two separate occasions, the first being overnight on Sun/Mon February 8/9 2015 and again overnight Sat/Sun Feb 14/15 2015.

During the first attack all the lighting in the Town Hall car park was also disabled by the offenders to allow them to work in darkness.

PC Rich Sutcliffe from Skipton's Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a well planned and organised attack on the car park ticket machines. Offenders spent some time disabling all the light stands before breaking into the ticket machines. The machines themselves are armoured and it would have taken some time to break open the machines in the way they did. It also would have created a certain amount of noise and circumstances at the scene suggest suspects may well have been disturbed from the scene on their first visit. The machines have been damaged to the extent that repairs will run into thousands of pounds and a substantial amount of cash was removed from the vaults of the machines over the two incidents."

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help our investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone who heard or saw anything suspicious at or near the Town Hall Car Park around these dates and particularly any vehicles or people who may have alerted suspicions.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150025654

Posted on 20 February 2015 at 10:05am in News stories
