```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-24T08:28:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-21T11:55:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Police officers from Amsterdam visited North Yorkshire to discuss tactics and share expertise with the force\u2019s Road Crime Team."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/Dutch-NYP-6-email.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Road Crime Team officers share expertise with Dutch police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-crime-team-officers-share-expertise-dutch-police/
title: Road Crime Team officers share expertise with Dutch police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-crime-team-officers-share-expertise-dutch-police/
```

Last modified: 24 October 2016 at 08:28am

Police officers from Amsterdam visited North Yorkshire to discuss tactics and share expertise with the force’s Road Crime Team.

The three Dutch officers from Politie Amsterdam spent four days training and working alongside their UK colleagues in North Yorkshire – developing their skills and even assisting with the arrest of a suspected drunk driver.

Last year, two members of North Yorkshire Police’s Road Crime Team travelled to Amsterdam to share their experience in proactive policing with Politie Amsterdam. The visit was very successful, and the return trip last month aimed to continue the development of shared tactics and learning.

Two officers from the Amsterdam Team Opium Weapons and Unmarked Surveillance Team (TOWOS) and one officer from the Driver Training department visited North Yorkshire for four days. Sergeants Thijs Eekhof, Wilfred De Vires and Dennis Hagendoorn took part in two days of intensive training with the Road Crime Team, and then spent two days working on the roads of North Yorkshire.

The joint training covered, among other topics, the arrest of offenders from vehicles, and the use of hidden compartments within offenders’ vehicles to hide weapons and drugs. By sharing their knowledge and expertise, officers from both forces were able to develop their skills.

In addition, the Dutch officers visited the York-based ANPR Hub. North Yorkshire Police is the UK’s NPCC lead force on ANPR, and the Hub was able to demonstrate the use of this technology to disrupt cross-border criminals using North Yorkshire’s road network to commit crime.

Following the visit to the ANPR Hub, the Dutch officers deployed with the Road Crime Team on Operation Hawk, where they witnessed how the team works operationally, making arrests and proactively searching known offenders. During their deployment, one arrest came from a Dutch officer spotting a German-registered vehicle. He was able to check it on his Politie mobile device, which showed the vehicle was incorrectly registered, giving the UK officers reason to stop it. The driver was found to be twice the legal drink-drive limit and was arrested.

PC Mick Roffe, of the Road Crime Team, said: “This international collaboration has cemented the professional relationships between the two teams, and has opened the door to wider collaboration, such as the sharing of driver training and the use of ANPR. The future of this joint working is bright and can only serve to benefit both the residents of North Yorkshire and Amsterdam alike.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Road Crime Team specialise in tackling criminality on the county’s roads. In August 2016 alone, the team arrested nine suspects, recovered 11 vehicles and seized property to the value of £57,000, including drugs, cash and stolen vehicles. You can follow their activity on Twitter, at @NYPRoadCrime.

Posted on 21 October 2016 at 11:55am in News stories
