```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-19T14:42:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: I do this job because I love helping people and making a difference to the lives of those who have sadly been a victim of crime. Unfortunately, there are many instances every day where people ring 999 when they really should have called 101 or even researched online to find the answer to their query. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/Adam-Winstanley-FCR-300x243.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "999 seems to be the go-to number for all sorts of enquiries, questions and requests \u2013 many of which are not an emergency - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-seems-to-be-the-go-to-number-for-all-sorts-of-enquiries-questions-and-requests-many-of-which-are-not-an-emergency/
title: "999 seems to be the go-to number for all sorts of enquiries, questions and requests \u2013 many of which are not an emergency"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-seems-to-be-the-go-to-number-for-all-sorts-of-enquiries-questions-and-requests-many-of-which-are-not-an-emergency/
```

Last modified: 19 August 2019 at 03:42pm

Adam Winstanley has been a Communications Officer in the Force Control Room (FCR) for five years. His role includes responding to calls from members of the public to 999 and the non-emergency number, 101 so he knows first-hand the strain that unnecessary calls can place on the team.

I do this job because I love helping people and making a difference to the lives of those who have sadly been a victim of crime. Unfortunately, there are many instances every day where people ring 999 when they really should have called 101 or even researched online to find the answer to their query. Maybe because it’s the most well-known, but 999 seems to be the go-to number for all sorts of enquiries, questions and requests – many of which are not an emergency.

We all work hard to give the best possible customer service but this can be made difficult by callers who don’t stop and think before picking up the phone and dialling 999. There are many examples of these calls, from roadworks causing problems to phone lines not working and directions to places, as well as advice on where to park! It does sometimes feel like we are a tourist information centre.

The one which always stands out in my memory is a 999 call I once dealt with. The caller was not speaking but was responding by pressing the keypad in answer to my questions. In a situation like this, we keep the emergency line open until police officers arrive with the caller because there are genuine emergencies where someone may be in need of help but unable to speak out loud.

This particular call lasted for 45 minutes whilst we arranged help – trying to pinpoint the caller’s location with multiple colleagues involved on the phone listening for background noise, but also officers on the ground looking for the person in question.

Eventually it became apparent that this was a hoax call. The officers managed to find the caller who admitted they had rung as a joke with their friends and didn’t think we would have actually taken them seriously. During the 45 minutes I was on the phone to the hoax caller, I could have dealt with multiple genuine emergencies and individuals in genuine need of help and it is that type of situation which can be very frustrating.

One of the most positive calls I’ve taken was from a caller whose previous experience of phoning the police had been a negative one. We talked through the issue he wanted to report and I was able to give him the information he needed to speak to the correct agency about this. Whilst in conversation, he mentioned that he was having issues with people parking and blocking access to his driveway during school drop off and pick up times. This wasn’t the reason he’d called but as this is something the police can deal with, I was able to arrange one of our local PCSO’s to attend and alleviate the issue, as well as getting in touch with the school to advise of the problems.

Later that month, I received an email from the caller thanking me for my help and explaining how his experience of phoning us had greatly improved his perception of the police as a whole. It’s this type of thing which definitely makes up for the frustrations.

It is so important that people don’t call the police unnecessarily when often the information or the advice they require can be readily obtained elsewhere.

Calling 999 when there is no emergency or calling 101 when the information can be easily found online could be stopping someone with a genuine emergency getting through. People often think that the 999 and 101 calls are dealt with in different places but in fact our Communications Officers will answer both, so it is really important that you only call either number for the right reasons.

North Yorkshire is a large county and so our FCR is serving a huge number of people at any one time. Often when you call 101, you may have to wait to speak to someone but this doesn’t mean that we don’t care or that we are deliberately keeping you waiting – it simply means there is a high demand for our help and we could be dealing with multiple emergency situations.

We all want to provide the best possible service to the people of North Yorkshire so please think twice before you pick up the phone and make sure your enquiry is genuinely one for the police.

Posted on 19 August 2019 at 03:42pm in News stories
