```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-19T14:13:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: David Roustoby was found guilty at Leeds Crown Court on Friday (16 October), for the murder of David Clarke in 2007. Today, the 45 year old was served a life sentence in prison. He will have to serve a minimum of 19 years before applying for parole. Sharron Rousoby, 50, pleaded guilty to assisting an [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/DAVID-CLARKE-CROP-USE-300x212.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two sentenced for the murder of David Clarke in 2007 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-sentenced-for-the-murder-of-david-clarke-in-2007/
title: Two sentenced for the murder of David Clarke in 2007
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-sentenced-for-the-murder-of-david-clarke-in-2007/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2020 at 03:13pm

David Roustoby was found guilty at Leeds Crown Court on Friday (16 October), for the murder of David Clarke in 2007. Today, the 45 year old was served a life sentence in prison. He will have to serve a minimum of 19 years before applying for parole.

Sharron Rousoby, 50, pleaded guilty to assisting an offender earlier this year, and she was sentenced today to two years and eight months.

The body of David Clarke, who was aged 43 from Huntington Road, York, was found in the River Foss near Towthorpe in April 2007.

Following new information coming to light in 2019, a fresh investigation was launched and David Roustoby was arrested and charged for murder in April 2020.

**The Senior Investigating Officer in the case, Detective Inspector Nichola Holden,** **said;**

“I am pleased with the sentencing today of David Roustoby and Sharron Roustoby.

“Despite all his deceit and lies for the past thirteen years, Roustoby was not able to hide any longer and he is now behind bars where he belongs.

“Sharron’s fabrications around what happened and her assisting of Roustoby means she, too, has rightly been brought to justice and handed this sentence.

“It is a testament to the hard work and commitment of the investigation team that Roustoby was put before the courts so long after the murder, leaving nothing untouched and an exemplary investigation throughout.

“I also want to thank David Clarke’s family for their patience, support and understanding throughout this investigation. They have waited too long to find out the truth about what happened to David, and I am pleased we were finally able to unearth that truth and make sure the man who took David from them be brought to justice".

**The family of David Clarke have also released the following statement;**

“We, David’s family, are pleased with the guilty verdict and today’s sentencing _._

“We would like to thank the 20 plus police officers who worked on this case over the last year.

“We would like to give special thanks to DI Nichola Holden, T/DS Matthew Brownridge, DI Jackie Smart and DC Matthew Marshall. They all worked so hard to bring David’s killer to justice and have supported us as a family throughout this whole process.

“Knowing the man who killed David is going to be behind bars for a very, very long time will bring some comfort to us but sadly, nothing and no-one can bring David back.

“Nothing can give him back the last thirteen years or the rest of his natural life. David can no longer enjoy the things he loved such as playing chess and watching football. His life was stolen from him and he did not deserve it”.

**MURDER VICTIM DAVID CLARKE**

**DAVID ROUSTOBY**

**SHARRON ROUSTOBY**

Posted on 19 October 2020 at 03:13pm in News stories
