```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-30T12:19:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: More than 40 North Yorkshire horse riders attended a successful evening event to help them stay safe on the roads - and two more sessions are already planned.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Road-safety-evening-at-Mole-Country-Stores-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dozens of horse riders attend evening road safety event - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dozens-horse-riders-attend-evening-road-safety-event/
title: Dozens of horse riders attend evening road safety event
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dozens-horse-riders-attend-evening-road-safety-event/
```

Last modified: 30 June 2017 at 01:19pm

More than 40 North Yorkshire horse riders attended a successful evening event to help them stay safe on the roads - and two more sessions are already planned.

Experts from North Yorkshire Police and the British Horse Society (BHS) were at Mole Country Stores, Ripley, on Thursday 22 June, to promote the importance of road safety for riders.

Two more events will take place soon - on Wednesday 26 July at Ride-Away, Stillington Road, York, YO61 1EH and on Tuesday 31 August at R&R Country, Hull Road, Hemingbrough, Selby, YO8 6QJ.

The Ride-Away event will start at 7pm. At R&R Country, tack marking and shopping will be available from 5pm to 6pm, with the talk taking place from 6pm to 8pm.

Speakers at the evenings include BHS Director of Safety Alan Hiscox, Regional Manager of BHS Yorkshire Amy Clements, Traffic Constable Zoe Billings, and Cathryn Godfrey, Associate Solicitor from Irwin Mitchell LLP.

PC Hannah McPeake, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: "Our first road safety evening with the British Horse Society was a great success, so thank you to everyone who attended.

"If you ride your horse on the road, it's really important that you know your rights, responsibilities and the law. We have two further events planned, and experts will be on-hand to discuss road safety issues with you, and answer any questions you might have."

The events also include a free tack marking service, using a police dot peen property marking machine, so attendees are invited to bring along any items of leather tack to be security-marked.

Spaces are limited so please book in advance. Tickets are £3 and include a BHS hi-vis tabard. For further information and to purchase tickets, email amy.clements@bhs.org.uk

Last month North Yorkshire Police expanded its Operation Spartan road safety operation to help protect horses and their riders. Spartan encourages members of the public to submit intelligence regarding poor driving and anti-social use of vehicles, via a driving concern form on the North Yorkshire Police website.

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality.

Horse owners and enthusiasts are invited to follow North Yorkshire Police's Horsewatch scheme on social media – via NYP Horsewatch on Facebook, and @NYP_Horsewatch on Twitter – so they can find out about future events and be made aware of any equestrian crimes in their area. To get in touch with the scheme, email horsewatch@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 30 June 2017 at 01:19pm in News stories
