```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-20T12:21:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-20T12:08:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Police Support Volunteers, working in collaboration with officers from the Selby Neighbourhood Policing Team, have launched a campaign aimed at raising awareness of safety over the festive period. The Keep Safe at Christmas Roadshow will visit Selby, Tadcaster and Sherburn: Selby \u2013 Sainsbury\u2019s \u2013 Saturday 24 November Tadcaster \u2013 Sainsbury\u2019s \u2013 Saturday 1 December Sherburn [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Keeping-safe-roadshow-300x245.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police &#039;Keep Safe at Christmas&#039; roadshow coming to Selby, Tadcaster and Sherburn - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-keep-safe-at-christmas-roadshow-coming-to-selby-tadcaster-and-sherburn/
title: Police 'Keep Safe at Christmas' roadshow coming to Selby, Tadcaster and Sherburn
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-keep-safe-at-christmas-roadshow-coming-to-selby-tadcaster-and-sherburn/
```

Last modified: 20 November 2018 at 12:21pm

Residents of Selby, Tadcaster and Sherburn have the chance to talk to the experts about staying safe this Christmas, thanks to a new North Yorkshire Police roadshow.

Police Support Volunteers, working in collaboration with officers from the Selby Neighbourhood Policing Team, have launched a campaign aimed at raising awareness of safety over the festive period.

The Keep Safe at Christmas Roadshow will visit Selby, Tadcaster and Sherburn:

 * Selby – Sainsbury’s – Saturday 24 November
 * Tadcaster – Sainsbury’s – Saturday 1 December
 * Sherburn – Coop – Saturday 8 December

The roadshows will run from 10am to 2pm.

The Christmas period is traditionally the busiest time of the year for shopping but, unfortunately, there are those who exploit what should be a wonderful time for the wrong reasons. However, it only takes a few simple preventative measures to discourage criminals and stay safe.

Inspector Martin Wedgwood, of Selby Police, said: "Selby Police will be working alongside Police Volunteers to provide information, safety tips and precautionary steps to take during the festive season.

"We all recognise the potential for increased offending during the Christmas period, which can often spoil festivities, especially for the more vulnerable members of our community. The information provided will help you to avoid becoming a victim of crime and so make Christmas safer and more enjoyable for everyone."

The roadshow will offer advice on home safety, road safety and party safety. It will also provide online safety tips and precautionary steps to take when purchasing goods online, and using social media.

**Home safety**

A few simple steps such as leaving a light on when you’re out, keeping presents and valuables out of sight, opening and closing curtains at the appropriate time of day and not advertising on social media when you are out helps to keep criminals away.

**Road safety**

During the winter months ensure your car is ready for the season change in weather - are tyres, brakes, windscreens, wiper blades and windows free from defects and clean?

Be aware of changing road conditions, and don't put yourself or others at risk.

Drink driving – don’t risk it, if you are out partying, be aware of your alcohol consumption.

**Party safety**

With the festive season, many people will be out celebrating Christmas nights out in pubs and clubs, so we want to provide you with some key information to help you stay safe.

Make sure to stay with friends, stick to your plans, have travel arranged and be careful about what you drink. Don't leave drinks unattended and stay away from drugs, new psychoactive substances or other controlled substances.

Posted on 20 November 2018 at 12:08pm in News stories
