```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-12-20T13:37:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "PC Richard Greenwood and intelligence officers Lisa Brain and Neil Millican are all seconded to North Yorkshire County Council and work within the Children and Young People\u2019s Service and in new care hubs in Scarborough and Harrogate. Richard, Lisa and Neil were presented with their commendations by Chief Constable Dave Jones. He said: \u201CThis is [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/12/2NWDpoliceawards-4.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Officers commended for ground-breaking work with young people - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-commended-ground-breaking-work-young-people/
title: Officers commended for ground-breaking work with young people
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-commended-ground-breaking-work-young-people/
```

Last modified: 20 December 2016 at 01:37pm

Two members of police staff and a police officer from North Yorkshire Police have received Chief Constables’ commendations for their work on the nationally recognised No Wrong Door initiative.

PC Richard Greenwood and intelligence officers Lisa Brain and Neil Millican are all seconded to North Yorkshire County Council and work within the Children and Young People’s Service and in new care hubs in Scarborough and Harrogate.

Richard, Lisa and Neil were presented with their commendations by Chief Constable Dave Jones. He said: “This is a ground-breaking project which has revolutionised how children’s social care is delivered in North Yorkshire.”

No Wrong Door replaces traditional council-run care homes with hubs which combine flexible care and outreach support to teenagers and their families.

Each hub has a dedicated team trained to focus on solutions rather than problems. Each team includes a life coach, who is a clinical psychologist, a supportive police role and a speech and communications therapist. It also includes residential care home beds; emergency residential beds; community foster family placements; supported accommodation and supported lodgings and outreach support.

No Wrong Door won the national award for Innovation in Local Government last March and has been rated outstanding by Ofsted. The Department for Education has also said it will roll out the No Wrong Door model to other authorities.

Chief Constable Jones added: “Our officers have been instrumental in this new approach, showing tenacity and resilience in a very challenging environment as well as building trust and confidence with the young people they work with.

“The flow of information between the police and social care has vastly improved and we now have a much broader understanding of an individual’s circumstances. This has resulted in more children being protected, a number being diverted from criminality and a significant reduction in calls to the police from care homes.

“Each officer has overcome personal and professional challenges to succeed in these roles, which are making a significant, positive impact on the current and future lives of children and young people in care.”

“We are extremely proud of what we are achieving through No Wrong Door,” said Pete Dwyer, Corporate Director for the Children and Young People’s Service. “It is an excellent, innovative and highly effective example of partnership working and we are thrilled that the vision and hard work of our highly committed staff is also recognised at a national level.”

North Yorkshire is a Partner in Practice for the Department for Education, described by The Prime Minister as one of nine exemplar children’s services that will support and work alongside other authorities to share good practice and develop long-term and sustainable high performance.

Posted on 20 December 2016 at 01:37pm in News stories
