```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-21T12:34:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A proactive crime-fighting operation will see police deploy across Scarborough and Ryedale to protect rural areas from cross-border criminals.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Major rural crime operation clamps down on cross-border criminals - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/major-rural-crime-operation-clamps-cross-border-criminals/
title: Major rural crime operation clamps down on cross-border criminals
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/major-rural-crime-operation-clamps-cross-border-criminals/
```

Last modified: 21 June 2017 at 01:34pm

A proactive crime-fighting operation will see police deploy across Scarborough and Ryedale to protect rural areas from cross-border criminals.

Led by North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, Operation Countryside will bring together local officers and specialist units to tackle offenders who use the roads to prey on isolated communities.

Using police intelligence reports and live-time Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology to track suspicious vehicles, the operation aims to create a ‘hostile environment’ for those intending to commit crime in rural Scarborough and Ryedale.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “We know that offenders from urban areas outside North Yorkshire travel into our communities intent on stealing quad bikes, farm machinery and other valuable property.

“Operation Countryside will see specialist police resources deployed proactively across Scarborough and Ryedale’s road networks, dealing with road traffic offences, targeting suspicious vehicles and creating a hostile environment for cross-border criminals.

“High-profile patrols will create a visible deterrent, intelligence will be gathered and used to inform live-time deployments, and officers will use a range of police powers to disrupt would-be offenders wherever possible. Patrols will focus not just on the main arterial routes, such as the A171, A174 and A165, but also minor roads frequented by criminals trying to avoid detection.

“Criminals who travel to the Scarborough and Ryedale area will find it very difficult to get in and out again without being spotted, stopped and challenged. North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in the country and residents can be reassured that we’re determined to keep it that way.”

The operation begins this month, and will run throughout the summer. Local officers will be joined by specialist police teams including the Rural Taskforce, Roads Policing Group and Road Crime Team. In addition, officers and PCSOs will attend community events to reassure residents and promote the aims of the campaign. Regular updates will be provided on social media and in the local media.

Members of the public can help Operation Countryside by reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. You can meet members of the Taskforce at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF, @ScarboroughRTF, @RyedaleRTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

Posted on 21 June 2017 at 01:34pm in News stories
