```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-25T17:03:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The quick-thinking actions of a member of the public in York resulted in a drug-driver being arrested and banned from the roads for 14 months. Joshua Elliott Turpin, aged 28, from Farnley Road, Ilkley, Bradford, was spotted staggering in the Asda car park at Layerthorpe at 8.08pm on 22 January 2018. He then got into [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Joshua-Elliott-Turpin-dob-27-08-1989-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'York: 14-month road ban for drug-driver thanks to tip-off - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-14-month-road-ban-for-drug-driver-thanks-to-tip-off/
title: 'York: 14-month road ban for drug-driver thanks to tip-off'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-14-month-road-ban-for-drug-driver-thanks-to-tip-off/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

The quick-thinking actions of a member of the public in York resulted in a drug-driver being arrested and banned from the roads for 14 months.

The quick-thinking actions of a member of the public in York resulted in a drug-driver being arrested and banned from the roads for 14 months.

Joshua Elliott Turpin, aged 28, from Farnley Road, Ilkley, Bradford, was spotted staggering in the Asda car park at Layerthorpe at 8.08pm on 22 January 2018.

He then got into the driver’s seat of a grey Audi A3 before driving off aggressively towards Foss Island.

The concerned member of the public alerted the police immediately and gave precise information to help locate the vehicle.

Officers pulled the car over and arrested Turpin on Fulford Road at 8.15pm.

They found a quantity of cannabis in the car and he was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive through drugs.

Toxicology tests later confirmed he was over the limit for cannabis.

Turpin, who was living in York at the time of the offence, pleaded guilty and was sentenced at York Magistrates’ Court on 21 June 2018.

As well as being banned from driving, he was also fined £100.

PC John Armstrong, of the York City Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “I have nothing but praise for the member of the public who quickly spotted the danger signs and wasted no time in calling the police.

“This ensured a very quick response to minimise the risk this drug-affected driver posed to other road users.

“We encourage everyone to report such extremely irresponsible, foolish and criminal behaviour to the police without delay so we can take decisive action and keep our roads safe.”

If there is a suspected drug or drink-driver on the roads, please do not hesitate to dial 999 for an emergency response.

Information can also be reported to the non-emergency number 101.

Anyone with information about such offending but wish to remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

Posted on 25 June 2018 at 06:03pm in News stories
