```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-09-20T14:35:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Finkle Street, Hensall between\_ 4.30pm and 5pm on Saturday 9 September whilst the owners were out. The suspects forced\_entry through the back door before leaving with a number of pieces of jewellery including: An 18 carat yellow gold boulder opal pendant worth $577.50 Australian dollars and a chain 18 carat gold chain [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/09/1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sentimental jewellery stolen in Hensall burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sentimental-jewellery-stolen-hensall-burglary/
title: Sentimental jewellery stolen in Hensall burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sentimental-jewellery-stolen-hensall-burglary/
```

Last modified: 20 September 2017 at 03:35pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a daytime burglary that occurred in Hensall.

It happened on Finkle Street, Hensall between 4.30pm and 5pm on Saturday 9 September whilst the owners were out.

The suspects forced entry through the back door before leaving with a number of pieces of jewellery including:

 * An 18 carat yellow gold boulder opal pendant worth $577.50 Australian dollars and a chain 18 carat gold chain worth £120
 * A ladies pendant, chain and stud earings, consisting of 4 round brilliant cut diamonds worth £510
 * A gold bracelet with same diamond inset bought to match worth £195
 * A 9ct gold Marvin Bracelet watch worth £850
 * A white and yellow gold watch bought 1995, £190
 * Two pieces of a 4-piece solid silver costume jewellery set worth £220
 * A solid silver bracelet studded with precious stones worth £165
 * A lady’s Calvin Klein watch worth £250
 * Sapphire and diamonds earrings bequeathed by victim’s mother worth £825
 * A men’s 18 carat gold Longines watch on leather strap worth £900
 * A lady’s cross-over ring with diamonds and sapphire stone worth £685
 * A men’s gold Omega wind-up watch (round face showing date, markings not numbers).
 * A men’s rotary watch rectangular face, two-tone strap worth approx. £75
 * A men’s gold ring with oval onyx stone.
 * A lady’s gold Tissot
 * An Aurora Swarovski crystal pendant necklace worth approx. £25
 * An Equilibrium bracelet worth approx. £20
 * A solid silver bangle with an unusual clasp worth approx. £75
 * A Lady’s large silver ring (from hand to knuckle) worth approx. £40
 * A lady’s silver ring, twist setting with black stone worth approx. £25
 * A lady’s silver ring, twist setting with two pearls worth approx.£45
 * Gold stud earrings.
 * Gold hoop earrings.
 * £55 cash

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information which could help us to locate the whereabouts of the stolen items.

We would also like to speak to anyone who has any information which could help us to identify the person or people who carried out the burglary or has any information about the whereabouts of a white Sean Leon, registration number BD61 BTZ, which was seen in the area at the time.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Julie Carter. You can also email Julie.Carter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170162049

Image: 18 carat yellow gold boulder opal pendant and 18 ct gold chain

Image: Ladies pendant, chain and stud earings, consisting of 4 round brilliant cut diamonds.

Image: 9 carat gold Marvin Bracelet watch.

Image: White and yellow gold watch

Image: Two pieces of a 4-piece costume jewellery set

Image: Solid silver bracelet studded with precious stones

Posted on 20 September 2017 at 03:35pm in News stories
