```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:53:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-16T13:53:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The York West Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted a day of action yesterday, Thursday 15 October 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Day of action in York leads to a number of arrests - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/day-action-york-leads-number-arrests/
title: Day of action in York leads to a number of arrests
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/day-action-york-leads-number-arrests/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:53pm

The York West Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted a day of action yesterday, Thursday 15 October 2015.

The enforcement activity took place in the Acomb area of York and the team were supported by York Neighbourhood support team, Road Policing team, Firearms support unit, York Anti-social Behaviour Hub officers and York City Council Neighbourhood Enforcement officers.

A warrant was carried out under the misuse of drugs act at a property on Dringfield Close at around 8am. A 25 year old woman and a 27 year old man were arrested at the property and both have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

A search of a vehicle stopped on Barkston Grove led to the arrest of a 25 year old man from York on suspicion of supplying a class B drug. He has been released on bail.

Subsequent searches at a property in Westfield Place, Acomb, York, led to the arrest of a 23 and 2 4 year old man, both form York, for drugs offences. Both have been released on bail.

A 36 year old man from York was arrested on suspicion of the theft of a cycle on Tadcaster Road. The cycle has since been returned to its owner and the man has been bailed.

As well as the enforcement activity, officers actively supported the Hate Crime awareness week by attending Acomb library with information and advice about Hate Crime.

In addition, officers attended York College for a dot peen property making event where various items of property were marked and recorded including 45 Cycles.

PC Andy Chapman said:

"North Yorkshire Police is committed to eradicating drug dealing in the city of York.

"The actions of those who choose to sell drugs will not be tolerated and my message to them is - you will be caught.

"The local policing team will continue to undertake days of action as part of our aim to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour across the city."

If anyone has any information about people dealing drugs or anyone wishing to report suspicious activity please contact the Police on 101.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Friday 16 October 2015.

Posted on 16 October 2015 at 01:53pm in News stories
