```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-02-01T14:02:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between 8.30pm and 9.10pm on Tuesday night, the lorry was parked in a layby between the roundabout with the B1224 and Askham Bryan Lane. Two men enticed the driver out of his cab by claiming that the side of his lorry had been slashed, before punching him in the face and stealing his laptop from [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after lorry driver robbed in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-lorry-driver-robbed-york/
title: Appeal after lorry driver robbed in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-lorry-driver-robbed-york/
```

Last modified: 1 February 2017 at 02:02pm

Detectives in York are appealing for information after a lorry driver was robbed on the A1237 ring-road on Tuesday 31 January 2017.

Between 8.30pm and 9.10pm on Tuesday night, the lorry was parked in a layby between the roundabout with the B1224 and Askham Bryan Lane.

Two men enticed the driver out of his cab by claiming that the side of his lorry had been slashed, before punching him in the face and stealing his laptop from his cab.

The suspects fled the scene afterwards in a white, short wheelbase Ford Transit van.

Police are appealing to anyone who was on York ring road last night and saw a white van and a lorry in the area of the robbery to contact them.

Detective Constable Michael Johnston of York Serious Crime Team, said: “There may have been a number of passing motorists along that stretch of the A1237 who may not have realised that anything untoward was happening. I appeal to anyone who drove past that area between 8.30pm and 9.10pm, to please contact us as they could have information that could assist the investigation. In particular, anyone who noticed a white van parked in the area or who may have followed it to or from the scene of the robbery”

The victim was punched in the face a number of times, but declined medical treatment.

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and asked for York Serious Crime Team.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170017778 when passing on information.

Posted on 1 February 2017 at 02:02pm in News stories
