```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-18T13:18:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-19T10:11:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Chief Inspector Allan Wescott, senior investigating officer said: \u201CAs another year goes by, our hearts go out to Rory\u2019s parents, Liz and Doug and all his family and friends, at what must be a very difficult time for them. \u201CAs we have stated previously, the investigation into Rory\u2019s disappearance in York on the night of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/rory-4.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rory Johnson Hatfield - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rory-johnson-hatfield/
title: Rory Johnson Hatfield
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rory-johnson-hatfield/
```

Last modified: 18 November 2020 at 01:18pm

Rory was last seen on a night out in York city centre on Thursday 19 November 2015.

Chief Inspector Allan Wescott, senior investigating officer said:

“As another year goes by, our hearts go out to Rory’s parents, Liz and Doug and all his family and friends, at what must be a very difficult time for them.

“As we have stated previously, the investigation into Rory’s disappearance in York on the night of Thursday 19 November 2015 remains open and we continue to appeal for information about Rory’s last known movements. If anyone has any information about that night, that they haven’t yet shared with the police, or has received any new information which may assist us in our continued efforts to search for Rory, please get in touch with police.

“Our website contains a lot of information about Rory’s known movements that night and we have previously released CCTV footage of where he was last seen. I’d ask the public to cast their minds back to that evening and if anything comes to light, however small or meaningless they may think it is, please do get in touch.

“You can contact police on 101 and pass the information to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12150207141. Or if you would prefer to pass the information to Crimestoppers, they can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

### **
Timeline**

Rory went missing on a night out in York on Thursday 19 November 2015.

He was last seen in the early hours of Friday 20 November 2015.

Rory is described as white, 5ft 11in tall, slim build, with short blond hair. He was aged 29 when he went missing.

On the night he went missing he was wearing a round-neck dark coloured top, blue jeans and white and navy trainers.

Police have released CCTV footage of Rory’s last known movements, where at 12.32am he is seen heading into York with a friend, walking along Tower Street, past Clifford’s Tower.

Six minutes later at 12.38am, the same CCTV camera picks him up on his own, leaving the city centre on the other side of Tower Street and crossing Skeldergate Bridge towards the Skeldergate/Terry Avenue area of York. Another CCTV camera picks Rory up a few minutes later at City Mills flats, on the other side of the river. This is the last known sighting of Rory.

Thursday 19 November 2015 was the opening night of Thor’s tipi bar – a large tipi bar that is situated in Parliament Street for the Christmas period. The city’s Christmas lights were switched on that night and it was the first night of the York Christmas market, where a number of retail chalets are situated on the main shopping streets through York and free parking was on offer in council car parks. There would have also been late night shopping with a number of stores staying open in the city.

Police continue to appeal for information about Rory’s movements that night, particularly the six minute time period between Rory heading into York and back out, along Tower Street and as he made his way over Skeldergate Bridge.

Anyone with any information which would assist our enquiries is asked to contact police on 101.

Posted on 19 November 2019 at 10:11am in News stories
