```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-26T15:31:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-26T15:01:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "53 year old Daphne Smith of Carlton Husthwaite was yesterday (25 February 2021) at York Crown Court ordered to pay back \xA315,314.07 which she stole whilst in her role as Finance Manager at the Northern College of Acupuncture. Smith worked at the charity between 2017 and 2019 and it was only when temporary cover was [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire woman ordered to pay back more than \xA315,000 stolen from employer - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-woman-ordered-to-pay-back-more-than-15000-stolen-from-employer/
title: "North Yorkshire woman ordered to pay back more than \xA315,000 stolen from employer"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-woman-ordered-to-pay-back-more-than-15000-stolen-from-employer/
```

Last modified: 26 February 2021 at 03:31pm

53 year old Daphne Smith of Carlton Husthwaite was yesterday (25 February 2021) at York Crown Court ordered to pay back £15,314.07 which she stole whilst in her role as Finance Manager at the Northern College of Acupuncture.

Smith worked at the charity between 2017 and 2019 and it was only when temporary cover was brought in whilst she was on leave that her dishonesty became apparent. Records showed Smith had been regularly making overpayments into her own bank account and when questioned, claimed it had been agreed she could be paid in instalments rather than a lump sum each month.

Following a police investigation, Smith pleaded guilty to fraud by abuse of position and under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, she was ordered to pay back what she had stolen (£14,513.94 **)** plus an additional £800.13, which represents the change in the value of money.

The order made was for her to pay a total of £15,314.07 to the Northern College of Acupuncture. Smith also received a 3 year Community Order with a requirement for her to undertake 40 days rehabilitation activity.

Detective Sergeant Rowland of North Yorkshire Police’s Economic Crime Unit said:

“Whilst the conviction and sentence imposed upon Smith for the theft are very important, so is the follow up work that goes on after criminal court proceedings. North Yorkshire Police always seeks to redress the financial damage done to a victim using the legislation available. The Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) 2002 is a powerful tool which allows us to show a court the amount a person has benefited from the crime and then ask the court for an order to make sure it is paid back.

“Our Financial Investigators work incredibly hard to ensure that in every case, where possible, a POCA case is put before a Judge for consideration. As a result of this order Daphne Smith will not have benefited from her crime and the local charity will be repaid what was stolen from them.

“If Smith fails to pay what she owes in the time the judge has allowed she will receive a custodial sentence.”

Posted on 26 February 2021 at 03:01pm in Fraud, News stories
