```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:34:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-10T07:41:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Following the successful introduction of live-streaming of the North Yorkshire Police Corporate Performance, Delivery and Scrutiny Board, the Police and Crime Commissioner and Chief Constable have invited the public to send in questions about the agenda items for the next meeting on Tuesday 22 September at 1.30pm.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Public invited to ask questions in advance of #NYPscrutiny meeting and Tweet questions during the live broadcast - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-invited-ask-questions-advance-nypscrutiny-meeting-tweet-questions-live-broadcast/
title: 'Public invited to ask questions in advance of #NYPscrutiny meeting and Tweet questions during the live broadcast'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-invited-ask-questions-advance-nypscrutiny-meeting-tweet-questions-live-broadcast/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:34pm

Following the successful introduction of live-streaming of the North Yorkshire Police Corporate Performance, Delivery and Scrutiny Board, the Police and Crime Commissioner and Chief Constable have invited the public to send in questions about the agenda items for the next meeting on Tuesday 22 September at 1.30pm.

For the first time, viewers of the live broadcast will also have the opportunity to ask the Board questions via Twitter by using **#NYPscrutiny**.

The monthly meeting is chaired by Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan and Chief Constable Dave Jones to monitor progress against the Police and Crime Plan - the document which sets out the priority areas of action, based on consultation with the public.

**The main agenda item this month reports on how the police are progressing against the delivery of 'Operations' outcomes.** These are:

 * People are safer due to fewer vulnerable and repeat victims of crime.
 * People are safer due to fewer individuals committing crime and/or antisocial behaviour.
 * Communities are safer through regional and national services protecting communities.

These outcomes have been developed to support the delivery the priorities set out in the Police and Crime Plan

Questions received from the public that relate to the agenda and are received in advance of the meeting, will be addressed by the Board during a 15 minute period at the beginning of the meeting.

Questions received from the public via Twitter using **#NYPscrutiny** and that relate to items discussed during the meeting will be answered at the end of the meeting.

The agenda and papers can be found here - Corporate Performance Delivery and Scrutiny Board - 22 September 2015

**To ask a question:**

The full procedure for asking questions at this meeting is available here: Procedure for public questions

 * Send your question to info@northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk before midday on Friday 18 September, please include your name and address with your question.
 * To ask a question during the live broadcast, post your question on Twitter using **#NYPscrutiny**
There will be a cut off point for asking questions, this will be announced during the meeting.

**To watch the Performance, Delivery & Scrutiny Board meeting live:**

 * On Tuesday 22 September between 13:30 - 15:30.
 * Go to northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk/scrutiny

**Following the meeting, to view a recording of the meeting:**

 * Go to northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk/scrutiny

**10 September 2015 - 4.05pm**

Posted on 10 September 2015 at 07:41am in News stories
