```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-10T10:22:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeals after 13-year-old schoolboy assaulted in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeals-13-year-old-schoolboy-assaulted-york/
title: Appeals after 13-year-old schoolboy assaulted in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeals-13-year-old-schoolboy-assaulted-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in York.

It happened on Hob Moor, off Tadcaster Road, at about 3.45pm on 7 February 2017, and involved a 13-year-old boy from York who was on his way home from school on his bicycle. He was riding his bike over Hob Moor when he encountered a man aged about 30-40, who grabbed him and punched him several times in the face before making off towards Tadcaster Road, York, on foot.

The boy received minor injuries to his face, and was checked over by paramedics after the incident.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspect, who has been described as a white male, aged around 30-40, approximately 5ft 8ins in height, of slim build, with a dark shaved head and stubble to the face and wearing dark clothing.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Amy Foster. You can also email amy.foster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170021867.

Contact details:
 Amy Foster \- #1116
amy.foster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31116
Incident reference:
 12170021867
Posted on 10 February 2017 at 10:22am in Local appeals
