```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-07T13:39:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-07T13:40:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Hate crime is a criminal offence which is perceived by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice based on a person\u2019s disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender\_or perceived disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender. Hate crime can take many forms &#8211; from violence or threats of violence [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/CI-Nick-Hunter-NYP-lead-for-hate-crime.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2016 \u2013 Together we can make it stop - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-hate-crime-awareness-week-2016-together-can-make-stop/
title: "National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2016 \u2013 Together we can make it stop"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-hate-crime-awareness-week-2016-together-can-make-stop/
```

Last modified: 7 October 2016 at 01:39pm

National Hate Crime Awareness Week kicks off on Saturday 8 October 2016, with the aim of raising awareness of hate crime and providing guidance and support to victims of how they can make it stop.

Hate crime is a criminal offence which is perceived by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice based on a person’s disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender or perceived disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender.

Hate crime can take many forms - from violence or threats of violence to verbal abuse, insults or name calling and this year, as ever, North Yorkshire Police are keen to highlight that hate crime is indeed a crime and will not be tolerated.

Chief Inspector Nick Hunter, North Yorkshire Police lead for hate crime said:

“Hate crime is an incredibly impactive crime and those who are targeted or victimised are done so for purely being themselves. Hate crime can vary from violence to name calling and continual nuisance. No matter what form it takes, it can have an incredibly damaging effect on people and greatly affects their quality of life. We appeal to any victims or witnesses of hate crime to come to us and report it and together we can stop it.”

North Yorkshire Police work closely with a number of partners such as Stop Hate UK, True Vision and Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire to raise awareness of hate crime and provide a number of reporting channels that victims can use to report any occurrence of hate crime.

 * Reports can be made directly to North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 if in immediate danger.

 * If a victim does not want to involve the police, Stop Hate UK can be contacted on 0800 138 1625 or visit their website http://www.stophateuk.org/talk-to-us/

 * True Vision is another agency which can provide support and guidance and you can report hate crime online to them at http://www.report-it.org.uk/home

 * Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire can also provide support and assistance to victims of hate crime, again without the involvement of the Police. They can be contacted on 01904 669276 or online at supportingvictims.org

Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, Julia Mulligan said:

"We know that hate crime is happening here in North Yorkshire but is severely under-reported.

“The police and their criminal justice partners do a good job and North Yorkshire’s conviction rate for hate crime is well above the national average at 88 per cent. However, we all need to do more to increase the rate of reporting.

“Victims of hate crime need to have the confidence to report their experience to either the police or a third party, such as Stop Hate UK, and I can reassure any victims reading this today that the police will always take their concerns seriously so do please come forward if you have been a victim.”

There are a number of events happening throughout the week across North Yorkshire, that members of the public can drop into to learn more about hate crime and the support services available. For more information go to https://northyorkshire.police.uk/NHAW2016

Posted on 7 October 2016 at 01:40pm in News stories
