```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-09-21T11:05:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A vigilant member of the public called North Yorkshire Police to report the theft of a quad bike in progress at a farm in Clapham, near Ingleton, at 3am on Thursday 20 September 2018. Officers responded to the call immediately, and located a man in a silver VW Passat in suspicious circumstances nearby. He made [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rural quad bike theft suspect arrested following immediate police response - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-quad-bike-theft-suspect-arrested-following-immediate-police-response/
title: Rural quad bike theft suspect arrested following immediate police response
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-quad-bike-theft-suspect-arrested-following-immediate-police-response/
```

Last modified: 21 September 2018 at 12:05pm

Two suspected stolen quad bikes have been recovered and a man arrested after a late-night farm theft.

A vigilant member of the public called North Yorkshire Police to report the theft of a quad bike in progress at a farm in Clapham, near Ingleton, at 3am on Thursday 20 September 2018.

Officers responded to the call immediately, and located a man in a silver VW Passat in suspicious circumstances nearby. He made off from police, but officers found the vehicle crashed into a wall and abandoned a short time later.

The area was cordoned off, and officers and a police dog began a search of the area in darkness.

At about 4.30am, a 23-year-old man, from Bradford, was located under a table in a garden nearby by Police Dog Dixon. He was arrested on suspicion of the theft of the car, the theft of the quad bike and going equipped for theft.

At 7am, a local farmer found the stolen quad bike, a red Honda 500cc, along with another quad, also suspected stolen, dumped in his field and contacted the police. Both were recovered, and will be forensically examined before being returned to their rightful owners.

The man remains in custody at this time.

Anyone with information about the quad bike theft should call North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference 12180175884.

In the wake of the suspected thefts, police are reminding quad bike owners of this crime prevention advice:

 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Consider fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device
 * Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not
 * Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home
 * Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it

If you are aware of any suspicious activity, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency, or if a crime is in progress.

PCSO Sally Breen, from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “North Yorkshire is a very safe place, but unfortunately we know that criminals travel into our county targeting isolated areas. High-profile operations and ongoing work by the Rural Taskforce is helping make Craven a no-go area for cross-border criminals – but we need residents’ assistance to make it even safer.

“I am urging anyone who owns a quad bike – and particularly if they live in a rural area – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure. It’s much better to spend a bit of time and money now on better security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears in rural areas, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action.”

Posted on 21 September 2018 at 12:05pm in News stories
