```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-08T08:26:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-08T08:20:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Over the past few months we have been working alongside Selby District Council to address issues raised by local people which has resulted in the repossession of four properties and the eviction of the respective tenants due to antisocial behaviour and criminal activity at the properties. As a result, suspected out-of-town drug dealers who were [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Inspector-Martin-Wedgwood-outside-Civic-Centre-the-new-home-for-Selby-police.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Disrupting drug dealers and troublesome tenants: Inspector Martin Wedgwood reports on what his team are doing to tackle drug dealing and antisocial behaviour in Selby - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/disrupting-drug-dealers-and-troublesome-tenants-inspector-martin-wedgwood-reports-on-what-his-team-are-doing-to-tackle-drug-dealing-and-antisocial-behaviour-in-selby/
title: 'Disrupting drug dealers and troublesome tenants: Inspector Martin Wedgwood reports on what his team are doing to tackle drug dealing and antisocial behaviour in Selby'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/disrupting-drug-dealers-and-troublesome-tenants-inspector-martin-wedgwood-reports-on-what-his-team-are-doing-to-tackle-drug-dealing-and-antisocial-behaviour-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 8 August 2019 at 09:26am

Drug dealing and antisocial behaviour go hand-in-hand, where there is one, you will often find the other. It ruins the quality of life for local people and we regularly hear claims that the police don’t act when people complain about criminal or antisocial activity. I hope this update will dispel some of those myths, demonstrate that we do take action, and encourage people to come forward with information.

Over the past few months we have been working alongside Selby District Council to address issues raised by local people which has resulted in the repossession of four properties and the eviction of the respective tenants due to antisocial behaviour and criminal activity at the properties.

As a result, suspected out-of-town drug dealers who were staying at some of the properties have been left with no-where to stay and have been driven out of Selby – some to prison and some awaiting charges.

The suspects were staying locally after bringing drugs from out of the area in a practice commonly known as “county lines” where drug dealers from urban areas travel to smaller county towns to sell drugs.

Information from the public, combined with police activity and working alongside the local council has resulted in properties in Alma Terrace, Flaxley Road, Gant Walk and New Millgate being repossessed by the council.

Two people, a 20-year-old man and 15-year-old boy, both from Bradford who were travelling to Selby and using a property on New Millgate as a base, have both been charged with possessing cocaine and heroin and were due to be sentenced by West Yorkshire courts last month. The tenant is currently facing eviction proceedings due to the numerous complaints received about antisocial and criminal activity at the property.

In another case, a man in his 30s who was staying at a property on Gant Walk has since returned to West Yorkshire and is now in prison on unrelated offences. The two residents of the property who are subject to a number of criminal investigations, have since fled the area after the property was repossessed.

A property on Alma Terrace has been repossessed and boarded up following numerous complaints about antisocial behaviour, the poor state of repair, overpopulation, and the presence of both local drug users and drug dealers from out of the area who we believed were exploiting the vulnerable tenant. It’s now a no-go area for both drug users and so-called “county lines” dealers from out of area.

And finally, an eviction order was secured at a property on Flaxley Road in May following persistent reports of antisocial behaviour, violent incidents and suspected drug dealing from the property. The tenant was evicted in May.

As a result of this joint working with Selby District Council, out-of-town drug dealers are struggling to get a foothold in the town and we want to keep it that way.

The more evidence we have from members of the public, the more likely it is that we will be able to close down a property and also secure criminal convictions.

I hope this demonstrates that action can and will be taken when we receive information from the public and it is vitally important that local people continue to report suspicious activity and antisocial behaviour to the police on 101. If you want to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency or if you see a crime in progress.

**Spot the signs of drug dealing**
• Increased callers at a property at all times of the day or night
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Evidence of drug use
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

**Get help for drug addiction**
North Yorkshire Horizons www.nyhorizons.org.uk
NHS www.nhs.uk/live-well/healthy-body/drug-addiction-getting-help
FRANK helpline and information www.talktofrank.com
Compass Reach (young people) www.compass-uk.org/services/north-yorkshire-compass-reach

Posted on 8 August 2019 at 09:20am in News stories
