```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-27T10:53:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-26T12:28:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A counter-demonstration against the group is expected to take place at the same time. This will have an impact upon the town centre on Saturday afternoon, particularly between 1.30pm and around 2.30pm. Disruption is expected in the vicinity of Vernon Road, Aberdeen Walk and the area outside the Brunswick Shopping Centre. North Yorkshire Police have [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and council prepared for Scarborough protest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-council-prepared-for-scarborough-protest/
title: Police and council prepared for Scarborough protest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-council-prepared-for-scarborough-protest/
```

Last modified: 27 October 2018 at 11:53am

The Yorkshire Patriots group is planning to demonstrate against child grooming in Scarborough on Saturday (27 October 2018).

A counter-demonstration against the group is expected to take place at the same time.

This will have an impact upon the town centre on Saturday afternoon, particularly between 1.30pm and around 2.30pm.

Disruption is expected in the vicinity of Vernon Road, Aberdeen Walk and the area outside the Brunswick Shopping Centre.

North Yorkshire Police have engaged with representatives from both organisers to facilitate lawful protest.

North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council understand the concerns of local people and local businesses about what this could mean for them, their families, their businesses and the town itself.

We know that many local people do not want their town to be used as a venue for demonstrations.

We also understand that some people may have an expectation that the police or council should ban such demonstrations.

To be clear, we do not have any legal powers to do this. We therefore have to plan for them in order to ensure public safety for everyone.

North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council have been working together, along with a wide range of local organisations, to plan for the demonstrations and to minimise disruption in the town centre.

The police and the council want to reassure and support all communities and businesses. Local people can have confidence in the police to maintain public safety and can be reassured that Scarborough will be returned to normal very quickly after the protests.

We are urging people not to be provoked into reacting to the demonstrations.

The people of Scarborough have a big role to play. We ask that you allow the police to manage the protest and counter-protest and that you do not get involved yourselves.

Peaceful protest is lawful and everyone's right, but we do not want people coming into Scarborough intent on confronting any protesters.

We are very experienced in managing demonstrations and large-scale events in Scarborough. So please let us handle the situation with the resources at our disposal.

There will be plenty of police officers working in the town centre to ensure public safety. We are also working with British Transport Police in relation to the rail network and Scarborough Train Station.

North Yorkshire Police will not tolerate damage to the town or acts of violence.

Our aim is to ensure that the normal life of Scarborough can continue, the protesters leave the town centre as quickly as possible after the demonstration, and that people can go about their daily lives unhindered as far as possible.

On the day of the demonstration, members of the public can view updates and accurate information from North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council on **Twitter**. You can follow **@NYorksPolice** and **@ScarboroCouncil**. We will be using the **#ScarboroughDemo** hashtag.

Posted on 26 October 2018 at 01:28pm in News stories
