```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-16T08:54:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-17T10:05:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A file of evidence is to be submitted by North Yorkshire Police to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in relation to four men arrested on suspicion of the murder of missing chef Claudia Lawrence.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/04/Claudia_new_pic_used_sept_09-277x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Claudia Lawrence investigation: Crown Prosecution Service to consider file of evidence in relation to four murder suspects - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-investigation-crown-prosecution-service-consider-file-evidence-relation-four-murder-suspects/
title: 'Claudia Lawrence investigation: Crown Prosecution Service to consider file of evidence in relation to four murder suspects'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/claudia-lawrence-investigation-crown-prosecution-service-consider-file-evidence-relation-four-murder-suspects/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2016 at 08:54am

A file of evidence is to be submitted by North Yorkshire Police to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in relation to four men arrested on suspicion of the murder of missing chef Claudia Lawrence.

The four men, who are aged in their 50s and come from the York area, were arrested earlier this year, one on 23 March and the other three on 22 April.

While the CPS considers the case, the four have been released from bail.

The process of preparing the file will take some time, as will the assessment by the CPS of the case.

For legal reasons, we cannot comment further about the case at this time.

While this process is undertaken, the investigation remains active and Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, head of North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit and the senior investigating officer in the Claudia Lawrence inquiry, is again urging the media and the public not to identify the men who are subject of the investigation.

***** Identity is a key issue - please do not identify the four men who are subject of the active investigation *** **

Det Supt Malyn said: "This is to ensure the investigation and legal process are not compromised or potentially damaged in any way. This includes naming or publishing images of the men, their home addresses, places of work, their vehicles and properties on traditional media platforms or social networking sites.

"Your co-operation and support is greatly appreciated by the investigation team."

***** Identity is a key issue - please do not identify the four men who are subject of the active investigation *****

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and pass details to the Force Control Room. Please quote "Claudia Lawrence" when passing on details.

Alternatively, if you have any information about the Claudia Lawrence case, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

For further information on the Claudia Lawrence investigation, please go to the dedicated microsite on the North Yorkshire Police websitewww.northyorkshire.police.uk/claudialawrence

**17 September 2015**

Posted on 17 September 2015 at 10:05am in News stories
