```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T11:29:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-11T11:27:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh said:'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/New-Image-Crest-232x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police response to HMIC PEEL Legitimacy Inspection Report 2015 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-hmic-peel-legitimacy-inspection-report-2015/
title: North Yorkshire Police response to HMIC PEEL Legitimacy Inspection Report 2015
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-response-hmic-peel-legitimacy-inspection-report-2015/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 11:29am

Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh said:

"There are many positives within the HMIC report and it represents a true reflection of North Yorkshire Police, not least our proud record of policing the safest area in England.

"The legitimacy strand of the PEEL inspection is particularly important because it goes to the very heart of the British policing model. This is the twin ideas of 'consent' that the police are the public and the public are the police. We truly value this model and recognise that its success - or failure - relies heavily on developing public trust through the ethical actions of our police officers and staff.

"We are delighted that the report shows that North Yorkshire Police understands the crime and anti-social behaviour needs and concerns of residents, as well as our local policing teams' use of local information and active engagement with people to solve problems. The force has also been praised for its innovative use of social media to engage with the community, while still using more tradition communications such as newsletters and leaflets which are appreciated by people who do not use the internet.

"The Chief Officer Team at North Yorkshire Police also fully appreciate that our officers and staff, including volunteers, are vital to achieving the high-level of service rightly demanded by our communities. That is why we are investing in a Wellbeing programme to ensure our colleagues are happy and healthy, with support available to those who require help to deal with personal and professional issues."

ACC McIntosh added: "We acknowledge the feedback from HMIC - and the Police and Crime Commissioner - in relation to the use of stop and search, specifically to explain the use of these powers more clearly. This includes its use on younger people.

"To address this, North Yorkshire Police recently introduced stop and search 'champions' across the force - officers with particular expertise in the use of stop and search powers - who can provide advice and assistance to colleagues. Stop and searches are now routinely recorded on a performance dashboard and checked by supervisors. In addition, all frontline officers undertake a search training course which includes a module on stop and search.

"We have also adopted the Home Office Best Use of Stop and Search Scheme, and are actively promoting initiatives such as the Community Trigger and the Lay Observer Scheme. As a result we have been able to reduce the use of stop and search in 2015, with 29% fewer searches than in previous year. Importantly, we still achieved positive outcomes with 17% of searches resulting in an arrest or the item being searched for recovered as evidence."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, has issued a response via **_http://www.northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk/_ **

For more information about the inspection report, please go to _http://www.justiceinspectorates.gov.uk/hmic/_

**11 February 2016**

Posted on 11 February 2016 at 11:27am in News stories
