```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-10T13:42:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 7.30am that day, there was an incident involving a 67-year-old male victim and a cyclist on the Stray, Harrogate. This incident took place just off the main pathway as The Stray meets Leeds Road, and is likely to have been witnessed by members of the public, both walking and driving in the area. This [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Assault on The Stray, Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/assault-on-the-stray-harrogate/
title: Assault on The Stray, Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/assault-on-the-stray-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2019 at 02:42pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Harrogate on Monday 20 May 2019.

At 7.30am that day, there was an incident involving a 67-year-old male victim and a cyclist on the Stray, Harrogate.

This incident took place just off the main pathway as The Stray meets Leeds Road, and is likely to have been witnessed by members of the public, both walking and driving in the area.

This cyclist was a white male, approximately 50 years old and of an athletic build. He had short dark hair, a dark sweatshirt top with writing on the front along with dark coloured jogging bottoms. The cyclist was not wearing a helmet or any other noticeable accessories. The bike was of a dark colour with no mudguards.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and identify this cyclist.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Barrett. You can also email Dean.Barrett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190090442.

Contact details:
 Dean Barrett \- #1573
dean.barrett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 - 2 -1573
Incident reference:
 12190090442
Posted on 10 June 2019 at 02:42pm in Local appeals
