```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-04T18:35:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-02T16:18:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The 41-year-old man is due to appear at York Magistrates\u2019 Court on 4 April\_ charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop for the police, driving using an expired licence and driving with no insurance. The man remains in police custody and is due to transfer into the custody of another police force in connection with [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATED 4 March 2019: Man charged following collision involving police vehicle - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-after-collision-involving-a-police-vehicle-near-matlon/
title: 'UPDATED 4 March 2019: Man charged following collision involving police vehicle'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-after-collision-involving-a-police-vehicle-near-matlon/
```

Last modified: 4 March 2019 at 06:35pm

The man arrested following a collision involving a police vehicle on the A64 near Malton on Saturday 2 March 2019 has been charged with four offences in relation to the collision.

The 41-year-old man is due to appear at York Magistrates’ Court on 4 April charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop for the police, driving using an expired licence and driving with no insurance.

The man remains in police custody and is due to transfer into the custody of another police force in connection with on-going investigations in the south of England.

**Statement 2 March 2019:**

Man arrested after collision involving a police vehicle near Malton

A man in his forties has been arrested after his car was in collision with a police vehicle.

The collision happened at around 10am on Saturday 2 March 2019 on the westbound carriageway of the A64 near Malton.

Officers believed that the vehicle contained a person wanted in connection with armed robberies in the south of England.

The vehicle was sighted on the A64 near Scarborough at around 9.30am on Saturday morning and officers began to track the vehicle as it travelled westbound.

At around 10am, the vehicle collided with a police vehicle on the A64 near Malton. Both vehicles were traveling in the same direction at the time.

The man and sole occupant of the car was taken to hospital with suspected abdominal injuries but has since been discharged and is now in police custody having previously been arrested at the scene.

Two police officers inside the police vehicle were uninjured but attended hospital for a check-up.

Anyone who was travelling on the A64 at around 9.30am to 10am between Scarborough and Malton and witnessed the collision is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information for incident 12190038235

The road was closed and reopened at around 4pm.

Posted on 2 March 2019 at 04:18pm in News stories
