```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-25T15:40:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman was sexually assaulted in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after sexual assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-sexual-assault-york/
title: Appeal after sexual assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-sexual-assault-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman was sexually assaulted in York.

It happened at around 8.50pm on Sunday 24 September 2017 on Melrosegate.

The victim, a woman in her twenties, was walking under the tunnel at Melrosegate, from the direction of Tang Hall Lane towards James Street, when he first noticed a man edging towards her as she walked past him.

When the victim reached the part of the cycle path that forks in to two, just prior to James Street, she looked behind her and saw the same man walking towards her, and he then started running towards her. When he reached the victim, he put his right arm around her shoulders and his left arm between her legs and groped her.

The victim tried to get her attacker off her by pulling his hair. She bit his thumb area and shouted at him and hit him in the face. The victim ran away towards Morrisons and the offender ran off in the opposite direction along the cycle path.

The offender is described as a man aged 19-20 years old, 6ft 2/3” with mousy brown, ear length, messy hair with a sweeping fringe. He is believed to have a defined jaw line with a thin face and is of slim build, wearing black baggy bottoms and a black Superdry anorak with the hood up and Velcro under the chin.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any information, is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to DC Lindsay Bell or email Lyndsay.bell@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 55 111.

Please quote reference number NYP24092017-0589 when passing on any information.

Posted on 25 September 2017 at 04:40pm in News stories
