```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-05-22T11:32:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a large number of sheep were stolen from moorland near Ingleton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 100 sheep stolen from moorland near Ingleton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/100-sheep-stolen-moorland-near-ingleton/
title: 100 sheep stolen from moorland near Ingleton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/100-sheep-stolen-moorland-near-ingleton/
```

Last modified: 22 May 2017 at 11:32am

Police are appealing for information after a large number of sheep were stolen from moorland near Ingleton.

Between 16 April 2017 and 20 May 2017, about 100 hog horned sheep, ear tag 125037, were stolen from moorland at the foot of Ingleborough, near Ingleton. The sheep have two red markings mid-back, and are horn-burned with "JN" on the near horn and "C" and a crown on the far horn.

Police have previously urged rural communities to be vigilant and report suspicious activity that may be linked to livestock theft.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “The difficulty with the nature of this crime is that it is not necessarily immediately obvious to farmers, who may only be able to identify their shortfall at the time of bringing sheep in to scan or to worm, which often gives a very wide timeframe for us to work with. Lines of enquiry are limited, and this is where we need the public’s help to call in suspicious movements of animals, or animals appearing in fields unexpectedly.

“If you notice anything unusual – a different person attending a flock, or offers of sheep or goats for sale either for meat or as stores – please contact us. If you are able to get any names, vehicle details, and registrations or even partial registrations we would like to know. If you see something that you think is suspicious or out of place, please call it in to the police on 101.”

To help prevent livestock theft, farmers are urged to consider security measures like installing CCTV and keeping hedges, fences and gates in good repair.

Anyone with information about the Ingleton theft is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference number 12170087325.

Posted on 22 May 2017 at 11:32am in News stories
