```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-29T13:57:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-28T11:46:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A 32-year-old man was arrested in York on the morning of 29 March 2021 and is in police custody for questioning. The 25-year-old man who\_ was arrested in the early hours of Sunday 28 March, has been released on conditional police bail. The investigation continues. Anyone with information including doorbell or private CCTV, or dash-cam [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATED 29 March: Second man arrested after man sustained stab wounds in York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-investigate-after-man-sustained-stab-wounds/
title: 'UPDATED 29 March: Second man arrested after man sustained stab wounds in York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-investigate-after-man-sustained-stab-wounds/
```

Last modified: 29 March 2021 at 02:57pm

Police have arrested a second man in connection with a stabbing in York on the night of 27 March 2021.

A 32-year-old man was arrested in York on the morning of 29 March 2021 and is in police custody for questioning.

The 25-year-old man who was arrested in the early hours of Sunday 28 March, has been released on conditional police bail.

The investigation continues. Anyone with information including doorbell or private CCTV, or dash-cam footage is urged to get in touch with York CID or Crimestoppers, contact information below.

**Statement published 28 March 2021**

Police are investigating after a man sustained stab wounds in York on Saturday night (27 March 2021)

Police received a call just after 10.20pm after the victim, a 33-year-old man from York, entered a takeaway on Heslington Road asking for help.

The incident is believed to have happened in the Apollo Street area and the victim then made his way onto Heslington Road shortly afterwards.

He was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries and is in a stable condition.

A scene guard has been in place overnight and members of the public may see an increased police presence in the area as officers continue their investigation including house-to-house and CCTV enquiries.

Officers recognise that the incident will have caused alarm in the local area, however, they believe that it did not pose a risk to the wider community.

A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and is in police custody.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area last night or has doorbell or other private CCTV of Apollo Street or Heslington Road, or was passing through and may have dashcam footage we ask that you please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass any information to York CID.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12210086443 when calling.

Posted on 28 March 2021 at 12:46pm in News stories
