```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-20T15:42:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-20T15:01:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The Stalking Protection Act received Royal Assent last year and as a result, Stalking Protection Orders (SPO) have been introduced, which close a gap in the existing legislation police can use to keep victims safe. The new legislation will allow police to take earlier safeguarding intervention, enabling them to address a perpetrator\u2019s stalking behaviours, before [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Detective-Chief-Inspector-Allan-Harder-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New legislation to protect stalking victims goes live today - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-legislation-to-protect-stalking-victims-goes-live-today/
title: New legislation to protect stalking victims goes live today
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-legislation-to-protect-stalking-victims-goes-live-today/
```

Last modified: 20 January 2020 at 03:42pm

New legislation that will better protect victims of stalking comes into effect today (Monday 20 January 2020.)

The Stalking Protection Act received Royal Assent last year and as a result, Stalking Protection Orders (SPO) have been introduced, which close a gap in the existing legislation police can use to keep victims safe.

The new legislation will allow police to take earlier safeguarding intervention, enabling them to address a perpetrator’s stalking behaviours, before the behaviour can escalate in severity, potentially preventing serious or grievous harm to victims.

Stalking is a pattern of unwanted, fixated and obsessive behaviour, which is intrusive. It can include harassment that amounts to stalking, or stalking that causes fear of violence or serious alarm or distress in a victim.

Stalking behaviours may vary between perpetrators and can include a combination of actions, which is intended to cause fear or distress.

**What are Stalking Protection Orders?**

Stalking Protection Orders (SPOs) are civil orders that be applied for by police, to safeguard adult or child victims of stalking behaviour. They can be applied to anyone aged 10-years and above, who displays stalking behaviours towards a victim.

An order can be applied for by police, if an officer has reasonable cause to believe a SPO is necessary to protect a victim from a suspect who poses a risk of stalking. The orders can be granted by a Magistrate or Crown Court and can last for a minimum of two years.

When in place, an order can require a person to stop carrying out specific actions, but importantly can also impose prohibitions and positive requirements, to further protect the victim and anyone connected to them, such as family or friends, from the risk of stalking.

Commenting on the introduction of the new powers, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, Head of Safeguarding for North Yorkshire Police said;

“We welcome any legislation which enables us to take positive action to further safeguard victims of stalking.

“The orders not only enable us further protect victims, but allow for conditions to be put in place for those who display stalking behaviour to seek treatment, preventing escalation of the incident.

“We will use this legislation, alongside the tools we already employ such as injunctions, non-molestation orders, domestic violence protection orders and Clare’s Law, to further protect vulnerable victims from the fear, distress and long term harm stalking can cause.”

If you do not want to contact police, help can still be accessed through Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire the National Stalking Helpline or Paladin National Stalking Advocacy Service

Detective Superintendent Allan Harder

Posted on 20 January 2020 at 03:01pm in News stories
