```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-17T15:03:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The visits, which are being led by the licensing teams, are aimed at providing guidance and advice on how they can operate safely within the current business restrictions and over the Christmas exemption period, where up to three households can form a bubble from the 23 to 27 December. Speaking about the visits, North Yorkshire [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and partners working together to keep festive season safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-partners-working-together-to-keep-festive-season-safe/
title: Police and partners working together to keep festive season safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-partners-working-together-to-keep-festive-season-safe/
```

Last modified: 17 December 2020 at 03:03pm

In the run up to Christmas and following today’s announcement that North Yorkshire and York will remain in tier 2, North Yorkshire Police will be supporting Local Authority licensing teams with visits to licenced premises in York, Selby and Scarborough.

The visits, which are being led by the licensing teams, are aimed at providing guidance and advice on how they can operate safely within the current business restrictions and over the Christmas exemption period, where up to three households can form a bubble from the 23 to 27 December.

Speaking about the visits, North Yorkshire Police Licensing Manager Sergeant Jackie Booth said:

“Our Local Authority colleagues will be visiting a number of licenced premises in the run up to Christmas, to ensure that both business owners and customers can enjoy a festive visit safely.

“We’ll be offering support and advice on how pubs, bars and restaurants can ensure social distancing can be maintained and ensuring they are fully aware of the restrictions around indoor and outdoor mixing. This is particularly relevant with the Christmas exemption period approaching, as the rules around forming a Christmas bubble applies to private homes only. The exemptions will not apply when visiting a pub and tier 2 restrictions will remain in place where only one household can be seated inside the premises. Outdoors the rule of 6 will still apply.

“We realise that this is a crucial time of year for the hospitality industry, especially after the year we’ve had. So we are keen to ensure we support businesses to run in a safe and secure way. If we can work together and do everything we can to suppress the spread of the virus and keep North Yorkshire and York in tier 2, that ultimately means the hospitality sector can keep its doors open and customers can continue enjoy a covid-safe experience.”

Speaking about the visits taking place in York City Centre and the local policing plans, York city Local Policing Inspector Andy Godfrey said:

“The Christmas and New Year period is traditionally a busy, bustling time in York, with people coming into the city to do their shopping or enjoy a festive meal and drink.

“Our task, as ever, it to ensure people can enjoy the city and everything it has to offer in a safe way. While the way we’ll be keeping people safe may be slightly different this year, we’ll be working hard alongside our local authority licensing partners to ensure we do everything we can to keep this virus under control.

“York is a fantastic Christmas destination and we would usually be welcoming visitors from all over the country. However, for the time being, we are asking people from outside North Yorkshire to adhere to the advice around limiting their journeys and only travelling if it’s deemed essential.

“If you do visit the city, please ensure you adhere to the hands, face, space guidance. If you are visiting one of our many pubs, bars and restaurants, remember that only one household can be seated inside of the premises. If you are meeting with people outside of your household, you must remain outdoors and numbers are limited to six. Please note, these restrictions remain in place throughout the Christmas exemption period.

“The tier 2 rules around 10pm closing times will also remain in place over the festive season. Before you venture out, please think about how you are getting home and have plans in place, so you avoid staying in the city centre any longer than necessary.

“Police will be patrolling the city across the Christmas and New Year period and we will be engaging with the public, explaining the restrictions that are in place and encouraging people to adhere. We will resort to using enforcement powers where proportionate and necessary to do so.

“It’s been a very challenging year for everyone and we are all keen to put 2020 behind us and start 2021 on a positive note. So please don’t let your new year start with a £200 fine.”

Cllr Denise Craghill, executive member for safer communities at City of York Council, said:

“We know businesses are working extremely hard in difficult circumstances, and I’d like to thank them for continuing to offer a taste of York’s fantastic welcome.

“Working with colleagues in North Yorkshire Police, we’re reminding the city’s licensed premises of their responsibilities, and answering their questions on how to operate in Tier 2. Our visits will encourage and support licensed premises, but where they do not comply with the regulations, we may use enforcement powers proportionately and where necessary. Our priority is the safety of all.”

Posted on 17 December 2020 at 03:03pm in News stories
