```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-10T14:53:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging cat owners in the Thirsk area to be vigilant after five cats died of suspected anti-freeze poisoning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning to cat owners in Thirsk following suspected poisonings - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-cat-owners-in-thirsk-following-suspected-poisonings/
title: Warning to cat owners in Thirsk following suspected poisonings
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-cat-owners-in-thirsk-following-suspected-poisonings/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police are urging cat owners in the Thirsk area to be vigilant after five cats died of suspected anti-freeze poisoning.

North Yorkshire Police are jointly investigating the five incidents with the RSPCA, and have also issued advice to pet owners following the incidents, which all took place on the Hambleton estate in the town.

PC Clare Mayes, North Yorkshire Police Wildlife Crime Officer for the Thirsk area, said: "There is a possibility that anti-freeze poisoning was involved in these incidents.

"Anti-freeze poisoning is usually associated with pets licking anti-freeze drips or spills off the ground. For a cat, as little as a teaspoon can prove fatal. I want people to understand the dangers and the effect that anti-freeze can have on cats, and check their garages and sheds for any leaking containers or dirty rags. Such items should be disposed of in such a way that a cat cannot get to them. Any spills or drips should be cleaned up immediately, and any leaks in your car should be repaired.

"If your cat appears to be lethargic or unsteady on their feet, you need to seek urgent veterinary assistance. The sooner your pet receives treatment, the better their chances of survival. If left untreated, anti-freeze poisoning can cause pain, suffering, distress and ultimately death."

Anyone who has any information about how the cats may have been poisoned, or is aware of any further incidents, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, or the RSPCA on 0300 1234 999. When dialling 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Clare Mayes of Thirsk Police.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Posted on 10 April 2015 at 02:53pm in News stories
