```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-09T14:02:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-21T14:54:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "21st Century technology has made it easier than ever to capture and process photos and videos, whether it\u2019s through our mobile phones, digital cameras, dash-cams or even drones. The police harness this technology and put it to good use to make our communities safer. One of the ways we do this is through the use [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/northyorkshirepolice_29894025454-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '#Behindthescenes - how technology helps keep North Yorkshire safe: ANPR - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/behindthescenes-how-technology-keeps-north-yorkshire-safe-anpr/
title: '#Behindthescenes - how technology helps keep North Yorkshire safe: ANPR'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/behindthescenes-how-technology-keeps-north-yorkshire-safe-anpr/
```

Last modified: 9 November 2018 at 02:02pm

What is ANPR and how do we use it?

#### 21st Century technology has made it easier than ever to capture and process photos and videos, whether it’s through our mobile phones, digital cameras, dash-cams or even drones.

#### The police harness this technology and put it to good use to make our communities safer.

#### One of the ways we do this is through the use of Automatic Number Plate Recognition cameras (ANPR).

#### These cameras read the number plates of passing vehicles and then instantly tell us if that vehicle has any links to criminal activity, links to an ongoing investigation, or whether it’s linked to a wanted person or a vulnerable or missing person.

#### It does this by comparing the registration number against vehicles of interest that are known to the police. It also tells us if a vehicle is uninsured or untaxed.

#### ANPR is used by the police to help catch criminals, prevent crime, find vulnerable and missing people, and to provide evidence in criminal prosecutions.

#### Although North Yorkshire has one of the lowest crime rates in the country, it’s one of the largest policing areas, has borders with seven other counties – some of them with very high crime rates – and attracts travelling criminals from these areas. ANPR is an important and highly effective way to help us protect North Yorkshire.

#### **Between April and July this year, ANPR has led to the arrest of 232 suspects and the safeguarding of 11 vulnerable people.**

#### _For example…We received a call from another police force to say a vehicle believed to be linked to drug dealing and a suspect wanted on suspicion of supplying class A drugs, was heading towards North Yorkshire. This information was passed to officers on patrol who then received a notification through our ANPR system confirming the vehicle had entered North Yorkshire. Officers located the vehicle and stopped it. On searching the car, they found tens of thousands of pounds in cash. The occupant of the car was arrested, the cash seized and both handed into the custody of the original police force to enable them to progress their investigation._

#### _In another case, a call was received from another police force that a car was believed to be heading to a nearby force area but may pass through North Yorkshire to get there. The vehicle was flagged up as being linked to suspects who were believed to have kidnapped two children. Thanks to ANPR and air support from the National Police Air Service, the vehicle was located and stopped in North Yorkshire and three occupants arrested. They were handed into the custody of the originating force._

#### _Three men were arrested on suspicion of drug supply after a vehicle triggered an alert as it entered the Craven area. Officers intercepted the vehicle, found 70 wraps of suspected class A drugs and arrested the men who are currently under investigation._

#### **We also use ANPR to help us find missing and vulnerable people. It can give us a reliable indication that a vehicle may have travelled to a certain area of the country, enabling us to concentrate our resources in that area, increasing the chances of finding the missing person.**

#### _For example, recently we were able to find a suicidal man after his friend rang us with concerns for his welfare. We were given the registration number of his car and were able to trace its location using ANPR. Local officers were then sent to the area, found his car and the man, and took him to a place of safety where he received help from mental health professionals._

#### _In a similar case, police were called after a woman became concerned for her husband’s safety after he left in his vehicle which he had poured petrol inside. The car was found thanks to ANPR and officers took the man to a place of safety enabling him to get the help he needed._

#### ANPR is also used as evidence in criminal trials. It can demonstrate a vehicle’s movements to help support criminal charges.

#### **We use different types of ANPR cameras at North Yorkshire Police including:**

#### **In-car cameras**

#### Mounted inside some of our patrol cars, they send instant information to officers inside the car about suspicious vehicles.

In-car ANPR

#### **Moveable cameras that can be moved around in response to crime rates in a given area**

#### For example, if a neighbourhood is being targeted by burglars, we can place ANPR on the roads leading to the area where they can be monitored and action taken if a suspects’ vehicle enters the area.

#### **Static cameras on certain roads (we don’t reveal these sites)**

#### These are permanently sited cameras on certain routes.

#### **Safety camera vans**

Safety camera van with ANPR fitted to the roof

#### Some of our safety camera vans are also fitted with ANPR, so when it’s appropriate they can do two jobs at once. However, they can only be turned on in response to a legitimate policing issue. The information they gather goes direct to our ANPR Hub.

#### **ANPR Hub**

#### We also have a team of staff in our ANPR Hub who are dedicated to monitoring it and providing live information to officers across the force about the activities of suspects who are using the road network.

#### They also use background information to plan proactive operations to help prevent crime happening in the first place.

#### **The rules around ANPR**

#### Find out more about the strict code under which the police operate ANPR, including access to stored data and the Surveillance Commissioner’s Code of Practice to which all police forces adhere.

#### Other organisations such as car parks and filling stations also use ANPR, but their systems do not have any access to police databases. No-one has access to them other than the police, and only then if they have a legitimate reason to do so.

Posted on 21 August 2018 at 03:54pm in News stories
