```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:36:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-23T14:35:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following injury to cyclist - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-injury-cyclist/
title: Appeal following injury to cyclist
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-injury-cyclist/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:36pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred in Scarborough.

Around 2:15pm - 2:30pm on Friday 18 September 2015, a dark green or blue coloured car was involved in a collision with a cyclist at the traffic light junction of Westwood and Valley Bridge Parade.

The cyclist, a 16 year old man from the Scarborough area was riding a black coloured BMX and was crossing the road from the Yorkshire Coast College Campus towards the old Comet store when he was struck by the vehicle which did not stop.

The cyclist received minor injuries as a result of the collision, but did not require treatment at hospital.

The vehicle which is described as being an older hatchback style car, dark green or blue in colour had been travelling on Westwood before continuing in the direction of Somerset Terrace.

Police are appealing for the driver of the vehicle to come forward as well as anyone who may have witnessed the collision, in particular a male who assisted the cyclist back to his feet and made sure he was okay.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dan Hughes. You can also email daniel.hughes@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150165108.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150165108

Posted on 23 September 2015 at 02:35pm in News stories
