```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-01-22T15:23:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A number of pieces of jewellery, which may have sentimental value, have been found in the city in the last few weeks, and have been handed in to York Police Station. A silver embellished locket on a chain with two pictures and a loose photo was found outside HSBC on Parliament Street on 12 December [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Jewellery found in York - could it be yours? - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jewellery-found-in-york-could-it-be-yours/
title: Jewellery found in York - could it be yours?
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jewellery-found-in-york-could-it-be-yours/
```

Last modified: 22 January 2019 at 03:23pm

Police in York are hoping to reunite items of jewellery with their rightful owners.

A number of pieces of jewellery, which may have sentimental value, have been found in the city in the last few weeks, and have been handed in to York Police Station.

A silver embellished locket on a chain with two pictures and a loose photo was found outside HSBC on Parliament Street on 12 December 2018. (Reference number 12180230759).

A white gold wedding band was found on Stonegate on 21 December 2018.

A very small rose gold wedding band was found outside HSBC on Parliament Street on 20 January 2019. (Reference number 12190012098).

If you believe one of these items belongs to you, call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and quote the relevant reference number.

North Yorkshire Police takes reports of found property, such as the above examples. To report found property, call 101 and select option 4, or call into your nearest police station (check the opening times by visiting the “Your Neighbourhood” section of our website).

Found property is stored in police stations and can be claimed by the owner. We will ask you to provide valid photographic identification and, in some cases, proof of ownership, before we return your property to you.

North Yorkshire Police do not take reports of lost property and cannot provide reference numbers for insurance claims. Report general lost property via an online service such as Lost Box, Immobilise or Reportmyloss. All police services and insurance companies have access to these lost property records, giving you the best chance of being reunited with your property. Visit https://northyorkshire.police.uk/lostproperty for more information.

Posted on 22 January 2019 at 03:23pm in News stories
