```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-03-07T10:26:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The awards, which took place on Tuesday 5 March 2019 at the Local Policing Conference in Leicestershire, recognise the innovative work that\u2019s been undertaken nationally over the past 12 months, by police, partners and third sector agencies with the aim of making our communities safer. Superintendent Allan Harder, Sergeant Neil Northend and Police Constable Andrew [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/Group-picture-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Four North Yorkshire Police officers recognised at NPCC Local Policing Awards - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-north-yorkshire-police-officers-recognised-at-npcc-local-policing-awards/
title: Four North Yorkshire Police officers recognised at NPCC Local Policing Awards
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-north-yorkshire-police-officers-recognised-at-npcc-local-policing-awards/
```

Last modified: 7 March 2019 at 10:26am

The hard work, dedication and commitment of four North Yorkshire Police officers has been recognised at this year’s National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) Local Policing Awards.

The awards, which took place on Tuesday 5 March 2019 at the Local Policing Conference in Leicestershire, recognise the innovative work that’s been undertaken nationally over the past 12 months, by police, partners and third sector agencies with the aim of making our communities safer.

Superintendent Allan Harder, Sergeant Neil Northend and Police Constable Andrew Collinson received the award for ‘Outstanding Contribution to Child Centred Policing’ for Operation Divan, an early intervention programme to divert young people away from carrying knives and weapons and Police Community Support Officer Justin Piercy was named ‘PCSO of the Year’ for establishing ‘We Care’, a scheme designed to support and protect some of the most vulnerable in our local communities.

From left to right - Sergeant Neil Northend, Police Constable Andy Collinson, Police Community Support Officer Justin Piercy and Superintendent Allan Harder

Operation Divan was established in May 2018 with the aim of identifying and educating young people who may be thinking of, or already carrying weapons or knives.

Working together with key partners such as the Youth Justice Service and other agencies, vulnerable young people are identified as early as possible and one-to-one support and education about the risk and harm of weapons is offered. Issues such as ‘county lines’ drug dealing, child sexual exploitation and bullying are also discussed.

Speaking about the operation’s objective, Superintendent Allan Harder, North Yorkshire Police lead for safeguarding said:

“Our Operation Divan work is about keeping young people informed and safe and not criminalising them unnecessarily. Through our work and by working closely with partner agencies, we can identify those young people who are at risk of committing knife related offences. By early engagement and interventions with those young people on a one-to-one basis, we work to divert them away from the risk of knives, which will then make that young person safer, improve their future opportunities, and ultimately keep our communities safer.”

Commenting on winning the award, Sergeant Neil Northend, Youth Engagement lead for North Yorkshire Police said:

“We’re all overwhelmed at the recognition of our work and being given this award. Keeping young people safe from harm is at the centre of what we do as a youth engagement team **.** The operation is very much a team effort, working with schools and partners such as the Youth Justice Service and our local policing teams. We talk to young people who mistakenly think they are safer carrying a knife and show them risks and sad reality that in the majority of cases, they can become the victim of that knife. Seeing their opinions and behaviour change and knowing both the individual and community as a whole is safer, is massively rewarding.”

Police Constable Andy Collinson, Schools Liaison Officer said:

**"** For me personally, I was incredibly proud to have been just been nominated for such an award, so to be deemed worthy of winning the category is amazing. However, while awards are great things to receive, keeping our young people safe is the most important thing and the fact that Operation Divan has made such an impact on young people’s lives is the thing I am most proud of.”

Winners of the ‘Outstanding Contribution to Child Centred Policing’ award

The PCSO of the Year award was given to York based Police Community Support Officer Justin Piercy, in recognition of his work to establish a scheme to support and safeguard some of the most vulnerable people in our communities.

Through his work with York People First, a self-advocacy group for people with learning disabilities or difficulties, Justin learned of the daily challenges which face someone who may have a learning difficulty. He heard first hand experiences from people who had been targeted with abuse or exploited by criminals, because of their disability. Working closely with the group, Justin designed and implemented the ‘We Care’ scheme within North Yorkshire Police, with the aim of supporting the more vulnerable to feel safer to go out into their local communities and live their lives.

The scheme works in two ways. By joining the scheme and sharing some information with police, if the need to contact the police should arise, a scheme member can be identified by Force Control Room staff and supported through their 999 or 101 call, helping to break down the barriers of actually reporting a crime.

The scheme also offers members a ‘We Care’ card, which carries the contact details for the scheme member's next-of- kin. The scheme member can carry the card in their purse or wallet and if they should find themselves in difficulty, use it to summon help.

PCSO Piercy with York People First

Speaking about the scheme and award, PCSO Piercy said:

“This has come as a complete surprise to me. It’s an amazing honour to be recognised for the hard work that has gone into establishing 'We Care' and I am extremely grateful to a number of my colleagues in North Yorkshire Police who have supported me along the way. Without their help, it would not have been possible to get the scheme up and running, to ensure we are doing everything we can to safeguard some of the most vulnerable in our communities.

“I’m extremely grateful to my supervisors; Inspector Yvonne Taylor, Chief Inspector Rachel Wood and Superintendent Lindsey Robson for supporting my nomination. I’d especially like to thank Inspector Lee Pointon, whose intent-based leadership style of management has given all of us in his team the opportunity to develop ourselves and our ideas in our role.

“Finally, I’d like to say a huge thank you to York People First for being the inspiration for the scheme and providing their never-ending support, advice and expertise in the design and creation of the 'We Care' package. It’s been an absolute privilege to get to know them all and I look forward to continuing our close working relationship for a long time to come.”

Commenting on the award winners, North Yorkshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Ciaron Irvine, lead for Local Policing said:

“We are incredibly proud of our four award winners. The success of both Operation Divan and We Care is down to their tenacity, hard work and determination to deliver an effective policing service in North Yorkshire.

“To be nominated and recognised at a national level for the invaluable role they play in policing our communities, is a tremendous achievement. Both of these schemes are fantastic examples of the creativeness and proactivity of our officers and their genuine desire to keep vulnerable members of our community, and the wider community itself safe. I congratulate them all on their success.”

Posted on 7 March 2019 at 10:26am in News stories
