```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T11:31:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-29T11:29:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Young people in North Yorkshire have been applauded for their positive contribution to the local community by the High Sheriff&#039;s Association of England and Wales.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/EYC_Crimebeat-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Eastfield youngsters win High Sheriff&#039;s Crimebeat Award - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eastfield-youngsters-win-high-sheriffs-crimebeat-award/
title: Eastfield youngsters win High Sheriff's Crimebeat Award
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eastfield-youngsters-win-high-sheriffs-crimebeat-award/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 11:31am

Young people in North Yorkshire have been applauded for their positive contribution to the local community by the High Sheriff's Association of England and Wales.

Youngsters Shannon, Dylan, Jack and Dylan are the founder members of Eastfield Youth Council. Last summer they won the Virgin Trains East Coast Award in North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge for organising a Community Safety Fun Day.

Following their success, the team recruited another six members to the Youth Council and held a Christmas Fayre, the proceeds of which were spent on presents for sick children who would be spending Christmas in hospital.

They meet weekly and discuss ways in which they can address the issues that matter to young people, and work to change any negative perceptions.

For this outstanding contribution to their community, PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer for North Yorkshire Police, put the group forward to the Crimebeat competition, a nationwide competition organised by the High Sheriff's Association that looks for projects carried out by young people that have contributed towards making safer communities.

The award ceremony was held at the Royal National Hotel in London where Eastfield Youth Council were presented with their third place prize - a cheque for £500 to help them deliver their future projects. Following lunch at the hotel, the team were treated to a tour of London on an open-top bus and then a trip on the London Eye, a first for all of them.

Family support worker Sam Dimes said: "We are all very proud of Eastfield Youth Council - they have achieved so much in only a few months and we were delighted with their award from the High Sheriff's Association. It was well deserved."

**29 March 2016**

Posted on 29 March 2016 at 11:29am in News stories
