```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-16T11:22:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-16T11:20:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 8.30pm on Thursday 22 August 2019 a group of teenage boys were riding their bikes by the riverside in York between Scarborough Bridge and Lendal Bridge, when they passed a group of men and women, in their early twenties. who were sat at the side of the river. A verbal and physical altercation [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/BI-01-JPEG.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following the robbery of a bike in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-the-robbery-of-a-bike-in-york/
title: Appeal for information following the robbery of a bike in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-the-robbery-of-a-bike-in-york/
```

Last modified: 16 September 2019 at 12:22pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following the robbery of a bike in York.

At around 8.30pm on Thursday 22 August 2019 a group of teenage boys were riding their bikes by the riverside in York between Scarborough Bridge and Lendal Bridge, when they passed a group of men and women, in their early twenties. who were sat at the side of the river.

A verbal and physical altercation has occurred between one man from the group and one of the boys on a bike, which resulted in the boy being pushed off his bike. The man then went on to take the boy's bike and ride off in the direction of Rawcliffe.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for information about the man involved. He is described as a white male in his early twenties with a local accent and was wearing a blue hoody, grey tracksuit bottoms with white stripes down the side and black trainers. His hair was descried as shaven short on the sides and left longer on the top and he was wearing a silver watch and carrying a Nike branded 'man bag.'

The boy's bike (pictured) is described as a black Giant mountain bike, with a dropped seat and distinctive red pedals and orange stickers. Officers would like to hear from anyone who may have been offered the bike, or who may of seen it in the area.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Bethany Rowley. You can also email Bethany.Rowley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190155078

Date 16.09.2019

Contact details:
 Bethany Rowley \- #0643
000643@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30643
Incident reference:
 12190155078
Posted on 16 September 2019 at 12:20pm in Local appeals
