```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-04-24T11:09:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Often, the types of behaviour which are recognised in law as stalking are not widely known by victims. \_This national week will focus on raising awareness of stalking and spotting the signs that it is happening. The definition of stalking is a pattern of repeated, unwanted behaviour that causes a person to feel distressed or [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: National Stalking Awareness Week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-stalking-awareness-week/
title: National Stalking Awareness Week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-stalking-awareness-week/
```

Last modified: 24 April 2017 at 11:09am

This week is National Stalking Awareness Week (24 - 28 April) and North Yorkshire Police is joining the campaign to raise awareness of this type of crime and make sure victims feel confident enough to report it.

Often, the types of behaviour which are recognised in law as stalking are not widely known by victims. This national week will focus on raising awareness of stalking and spotting the signs that it is happening.

The definition of stalking is a pattern of repeated, unwanted behaviour that causes a person to feel distressed or in fear. It does not necessarily mean someone violent towards another.

Stalking can be someone giving persistent and unwanted contact towards an individual that causes distress. It can take many different forms, some of which include; following, contacting, publishing material relating to the victim, monitoring, loitering, interfering with property and watching or spying.

DCI Allan Harder of North Yorkshire Police’s Safeguarding Team, said:

"Stalking can have a long lasting impact on victims, which can be both physical and psychological. In addition there is often further impact socially and economically".

“The impact of this type of crime can be devastating. North Yorkshire Police want to reassure victims of stalking that we will provide you with the help, support and discretion you need. All reports we receive are taken very seriously.

“We want to encourage anyone who feels like they are suffering at the hands of a Stalker to come and talk to us. We can use the law to help protect you. We do not want anyone to live in fear or distress”.

"Come forward and contact the Police. Dial 101 or simply go to your local police station. If you are ever in immediate danger always dial 999. If you do not want to contact the police at this time then please seek support from other agencies or speak to friends and family about what is happening to you. Don’t suffer in silence."

If you think you are being stalked then below is a list of tips on how to help you feel safe;

 * Don’t speak to or engage with your stalker.
 * If you are happy to - speak to friends, neighbours, work colleagues about what is happening to you. They may be able to offer further evidence or put some protective measures in place to support you.
 * Trust your instincts – if it doesn’t feel comfortable then let someone know.
 * Be aware of you online profile and how much information you make public. Make sure your personal data is safe. Change your password frequently.
 * Consider carrying a personal alarm or download a personal safety app like Hollie Guard on your smart phone:- www.hollieguard.com
 * Contact Paladin, the National Stalking Advocacy Service www.paladinservice.co.uk
 * Contact the police

More information and advice is available on the North Yorkshire Police website www.northyorkshire.police.uk/stalking

Posted on 24 April 2017 at 11:09am in News stories
