```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-18T13:25:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A stolen Land Rover has been recovered within 24 hours, after a vigilant member of the public recognised it from a police Twitter post.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Stolen Land Rover
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-land-rover/
title: Stolen Land Rover recovered after police Twitter appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-land-rover/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A stolen Land Rover has been recovered within 24 hours, after a vigilant member of the public recognised it from a police Twitter post.

View image

North Yorkshire Police appealed on social media for people to keep an eye out for a distinctive Land Rover Defender, stolen from Hetton in the early hours of Thursday 14 January 2016.

At 6.30pm the same day, a member of the public called police after seeing the car parked on a street in the West Yorkshire area.

The caller said he recognised the vehicle from the photo posted on Twitter by North Yorkshire Police officer PC Rich Sutcliffe.

Police recovered the vehicle, and it will now be forensically examined as the investigation into its theft continues.

PC Sutcliffe (@KiloSierra1728), of Craven Police, tweeted: "Good news. As a result of Twitter and an eagle-eyed follower we have found this Land Rover in West Yorkshire. Top job, thanks."

Police are continuing to urge Land Rover Defender owners to remain vigilant, after a number of thefts and attempted thefts involving the vehicles across North Yorkshire.

Sergeant Nick Hill, of Stokesley Police (@MikeOscar999), said: "I am urging Land Rover Defender owners especially to be on their guard and ensure they have adequate security measures in place.

"It appears an organized group of criminals is specifically targeting this make and model of vehicle. Of greatest concern to us is that it is evident these thieves have knowledge of this particular vehicle's factory-fitted security and electrical systems.

"Land Rovers should always be locked and alarmed, and owners should consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser. Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space or where there is passive lighting. Don't leave keys in the ignition or near the front door at home and be vigilant when in your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it.

"Consider fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device, and etching all windows with your vehicle identification number."

Anyone with information about a crimes involving Land Rovers should call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 18 January 2016 at 01:25pm in News stories
