```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:41:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-07T16:41:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Bank Holiday Monday, 31 August 2015, near the Castle car park in York city centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses sought to Bank Holiday daytime assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-bank-holiday-daytime-assault-york/
title: Witnesses sought to Bank Holiday daytime assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-bank-holiday-daytime-assault-york/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:41pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Bank Holiday Monday, 31 August 2015, near the Castle car park in York city centre.

The assault took place in the alley next to Fenwicks between the Coppergate Centre and the Castle Carpark at 2pm on Bank Holiday Monday. A 15-year-old boy was punched in the face by a stranger, causing a cut to his face and damage to his glasses. The assault was witnessed by his younger brother.

Police are seeking witnesses who may have been in the Coppergate Centre, the alley next to Fenwicks, or the Castle car park around the time of the offence.

In particular, we are appealing for information about three males who followed the victim and his brother from the Coppergate Centre and into the alleyway where the victim was assaulted.

Male one is white, 17-18 years in age, about 6ft tall, slim, and has short dark hair. He was wearing a brown/green thigh length coat with a hood, a light coloured jumper underneath his coat, black tracksuit bottoms with white stripes down the side, and black trainers with white laces.

Male two is white, 15-16 years in age, about 5ft 6inches in height, and has short mousy blond hair. He was wearing A light brown coloured tracksuit and black trainers and he carried a black rucksack.

Male three is tanned, 12-13 years in age, about 5ft and with short blond hair. He was wearing a light grey hooded jumper and dark trousers.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 278 Hart.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150153526.

**7 October 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150153526

Posted on 7 October 2015 at 04:41pm in News stories
