```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-10T11:59:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-10T11:58:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Members from the Catterick Nepalese community and Pandit Jyu very kindly offered their help to translate the web page, which provides information on hate crime, how to recognise it and how to make a report to the police. The page is already available in nine languages, ranging from Punjabi to Lithuanian and thanks to the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/Gurkha-temple-2-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Nepalese community support police in raising awareness of hate crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nepalese-community-support-police-in-raising-awareness-of-hate-crime/
title: Nepalese community support police in raising awareness of hate crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nepalese-community-support-police-in-raising-awareness-of-hate-crime/
```

Last modified: 10 January 2020 at 11:59am

With the help and support of the Catterick Nepalese community, North Yorkshire Police has been able to add a Nepalese translation of their hate crime web page to the force website.

Members from the Catterick Nepalese community and Pandit Jyu very kindly offered their help to translate the web page, which provides information on hate crime, how to recognise it and how to make a report to the police.

The page is already available in nine languages, ranging from Punjabi to Lithuanian and thanks to the members of the community who assisted; the force can now add a Nepalese version to the ever-growing list of translations.

Special Constable Sharmila Malla, who worked with the local community to produce the translated version said:

“We’re really grateful to Pandit Jyu Atmaram Dahal, Gurkha Company for the use of their Temple and to the Nepalese community, who gave us their time and assisted us with the page.

“It’s really important that North Yorkshire Police raise awareness of hate crime and ensure that all communities are aware of the steps they can take to report it. If we can make information about hate crime as accessible as possible, we can hopefully help communities to feel empowered enough to make a report to police and make it stop.”

Police Sergeant Amanda Hanusch-Moore, Hate Crime Operational Lead for North Yorkshire Police said:

“Taking positive action to spread the word about hate crime, so that every community in the region knows that hate crime will not be tolerated by North Yorkshire Police, is a priority for us.

“The hate crime pages have already been translated into nine other languages, but we are always keen to add more resources to the page; to ensure we can make as many people aware of the fact hate crime is not just offensive – it’s a criminal offence.

“We’re working on other ways to make the page more accessible for more people and we are looking to launch a British Sign Language translation very soon.”

If you are a victim of hate crime, you can report it to North Yorkshire Police on 101. In the case of emergency always dial 999.

If you do not want to report to the police you can still access support and help from Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire – www.supportingvictims.org

###### Left to right; Captain Ram Malla, Police Sergeant Amanda Hanusch-Moore, Special Constable Sharmila Malla and Pandit-jyu Atmaram Dahal

###### Left to right - Richmondshire Inspector Mark Gee, Police Sergeant Amanda Hanusch-Moore, Special Constable Sharmila Malla and Pandit-jyu Atmaram Dahal.

Posted on 10 January 2020 at 11:58am in News stories
