```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:32:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-18T10:28:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A crime gang from the South-West of England have today (Thursday 18 February 2016) been jailed for blackmailing a North Yorkshire farmer out of \xA3196,000."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/Dennis_McGinley_-_dob_7-10-19791-240x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three men imprisoned for conspiracy to blackmail Richmondshire farmer - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-men-imprisoned-conspiracy-blackmail-richmondshire-farmer/
title: Three men imprisoned for conspiracy to blackmail Richmondshire farmer
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-men-imprisoned-conspiracy-blackmail-richmondshire-farmer/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:32am

A crime gang from the South-West of England have today (Thursday 18 February 2016) been jailed for blackmailing a North Yorkshire farmer out of £196,000.

Dennis (36) and Bernard (25) McGinley, from Little Denice, Fivehead, Taunton, Somerset, and Christy Stokes (44), from Micheldever, Hampshire, received seven year, four months; four year, six months and three year, nine months prison sentences respectively at Teesside Crown Court after previously pleading guilty to the offence.

They were also ordered to pay back £196,000 to the victim within fourteen days.

At an earlier hearing, Bianca McGinley, 31, wife of Dennis, also from Little Denice, Fivehead, Taunton, Somerset, pleaded guilty to possession of criminal property and received a six month suspended prison sentence.

**Background to the investigation**

North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit launched an intensive, country-wide investigation on the morning of 4 September 2015 after the 52-year-old victim - whose identity is protected by a court order - contacted the police believing he would come to serious harm if he failed to pay a further £20,000 demand to the group.

By then he had been subjected to the blackmail and a series of menacing threats for 17 days, during which time he had been forced to hand over £196,000.

The blackmail conspiracy began on 24 August 2015 when the victim was approached by Dennis McGinley at the farm. He mentioned his knowledge of a previous incident in 2003 when the victim was conned out of around £110,000 over the bogus sale of a mini-digger by two men from Ireland. He claimed to know the men responsible and outlined a plan for the victim to get his money back, subject to a 30% fee.

The victim was told to go to Scotch Corner where they would discuss the arrangement in more detail.

There then began a series of cash payments totalling nine deliveries. This was interspersed with personal threats of violence - both in person and over the phone - including death threats towards the victim and his family.

The transactions took place all over the country as far afield as London and Birmingham, and more locally in Darlington and Richmond. The victim was directed to the drops by mobile telephone and he always had to pay in cash.

By 3 September 2015, he had handed over £196,000 in cash.

Having exhausted his own money and loans from family and friends, he reported the matter to North Yorkshire Police.

Acting on the available information and intelligence, including details of the vehicles used by the offenders, police were able to track their movements resulting in a co-ordinated arrest operation in the car park of the Hilton Hotel in Bracknell on 8 September 2015 and a travellers site near Taunton. This was supported by Thames Valley and Avon and Somerset Police.

The Major Crime Unit, working with other specialist teams within North Yorkshire Police and with the assistance of other police forces, were able to secure justice for the victim after presenting clear evidence linking the defendants to the blackmail conspiracy.

The court heard about the defendants' previous criminal history, including a similar blackmail conspiracy and money laundering committed by Dennis and Bianca McGinley against farmers in North Yorkshire and Wales in March 2009. Dennis was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment at Leeds Crown Court and ordered to pay a confiscation order of £787,480. Bianca was imprisoned for three-and-a-half years and ordered to pay a confiscation order in the sum of £29,315.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson, of the Major Crime Unit, said: "The blackmail conspiracy committed by the McGinleys and Christy Stokes was menacing and callous in the extreme.

"They deliberately targeted the farmer and subjected him to a terrifying ordeal for nearly three weeks. He was in a desperate state when he reported the matter to the police and genuinely feared for his own life and the safety of his family.

"I hope the outcome of the investigation, along with the significant prison sentences handed to the defendants at court, will help to provide some comfort and closure from what has been a terrifying ordeal at the hands of this despicable criminal gang."

DI Pearson added: "The defendants travelled all over the country to commit this crime and it may be that there are more victims from the farming community around the UK who have, so far, been too afraid to come forward to the police.

"I hope news of the imprisonment of the McGinleys and Stokes will give any other potential victims the confidence to report their own dealings with this group. Please don't be afraid to contact the police who will provide all the necessary support to victims to help secure justice and use all available powers to retrieve stolen funds and property."

If you need help, dialling 101 will connect you to your local force area.

North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit can be contacted via 101, option 2, or email _majorcrimeunit@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_

If you would prefer to remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 and quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150155695.

18 February 2016

Posted on 18 February 2016 at 10:28am in News stories
