```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-04-26T11:26:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "County Lines \u201CCounty lines\u201D drug dealing continues to be a priority for us in Harrogate. \u201CCounty Lines\u201D is the term used to describe a form of organised crime where criminals based in urban areas pressure vulnerable people and children into transporting, storing and selling drugs in smaller county towns. It takes its name from the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/08/Penny-Taylor-2-1024x682.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Penny Taylor: quarterly update on local policing in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-penny-taylor-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-harrogate/
title: 'Inspector Penny Taylor: quarterly update on local policing in Harrogate'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-penny-taylor-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 26 April 2019 at 12:26pm

Penny is the Neighbourhood Police Inspector for Harrogate. She has over 20 years of experience in policing and is passionate about working with the local community and partners to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour. As Harrogate gears up to a busy summer, here she provides an update on local policing activities in the area…

**County Lines**

“County lines” drug dealing continues to be a priority for us in Harrogate. “County Lines” is the term used to describe a form of organised crime where criminals based in urban areas pressure vulnerable people and children into transporting, storing and selling drugs in smaller county towns. It takes its name from the phone lines used by organised crime gangs to communicate between towns. We have a dedicated team focusing on this specific issue in Harrogate town working closely with our Neighbourhood Policing Team and local partners, including housing and drug support workers. In the last three months there have been over 30 arrests including three people from Birmingham, the details of which you can find on our website.

**Fraud**

Fraud remains a widespread problem both nationally and right here in Harrogate with fraudsters becoming increasing sophisticated, and using a range of techniques, to trick people and get their hands on their hard-earned money. A number of ours PCSOs are now enhanced trained fraud ambassadors and are working hard to raise awareness, especially to those most vulnerable, and also providing support to those that have a been a victim of this crime. Examples of such work being carried out include:

 * Working with our local banks
 * Delivering fraud talks to local community groups, services and organisations
 * Providing Action Fraud visits to those that have fallen victim
 * Using our Community Messaging system to promote prevention advice to the community

If a local representative would like a fraud input to a group then please contact the local team on Harrogate.Town@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

**Burglary**

We have seen an increase in burglaries to homes this year with burglars using a range of different methods of entry to gain access with a good number via insecure doors or windows. We also currently have a problem with overnight burglaries where homes are targeted and vehicles are subsequently taken. Our Neighbourhood Team are working hard to spread prevention messages by asking residents to ensure windows and doors are secured before they go to bed amongst other advice. Proactive work is also on-going to target those committing the offences and arrests have been made. The local team will continue to look at prevention work by way of surgeries and volunteer letter drops. Please lock those window and doors and visit out website for more advice!

**Protecting Vulnerable People**

Protecting vulnerable people continues to be one of the key priorities for us in Harrogate, especially young people who are at risk of being exploited. The local team work closely with other support groups to try and make sure that people in need are referred to the correct service and that those young people who are deemed as high risk have a single point of contact on the team that works with their family and other partner agencies to try and reduce the risk.

**Anti-social behaviour**

Anti-social behaviour is a common issue in Harrogate and as a community we should not have to accept this behaviour. We are doing our upmost to work with partners to tackle the issues with enforcement and prevention work. We continue to patrol common hotspots areas, including the Hydro and the town centre, and will continue to use all available powers to ensure Harrogate is a safe and pleasant place for everyone. Anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour or who has any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, press 1 and speak to the Force Control Room. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Events**

We will be helping to police the Tour De Yorkshire in early May and will be at the Great Yorkshire Show in July so if you see us come and say hello!

**Get in touch**

The team works from Craven Lodge Police Station in the town centre and can be contacted on 101 or via Harrogate.Town@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Always dial 999 in an emergency.

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website at northyorksire.police.uk

To find out about our local initiatives in Harrogate you can follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/HarrogatePolice

Posted on 26 April 2019 at 12:26pm in News stories
