```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-01-08T17:23:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 54 year-old Mark Robert Stephens from Ingleton, has today been sentenced at York Crown Court to 2 years and 6 months in prison after pleading guilty to stalking. Stephens subjected his victim to a lengthy and terrifying ordeal over a period of 18 months in which she felt like a prisoner in her own home. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/Mark-Robert-Stephens-29061966-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ingleton man receives prison sentence for stalking after victim subjected to lengthy and terrifying ordeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ingleton-man-receives-prison-sentence-for-stalking-after-victim-subjected-to-lengthy-and-terrifying-ordeal/
title: Ingleton man receives prison sentence for stalking after victim subjected to lengthy and terrifying ordeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ingleton-man-receives-prison-sentence-for-stalking-after-victim-subjected-to-lengthy-and-terrifying-ordeal/
```

Last modified: 8 January 2021 at 05:23pm

54 year-old Mark Robert Stephens from Ingleton, has today been sentenced at York Crown Court to 2 years and 6 months in prison after pleading guilty to stalking.

Stephens subjected his victim to a lengthy and terrifying ordeal over a period of 18 months in which she felt like a prisoner in her own home. Stephens followed her as she went about her daily life and upon taking her car to a garage for a routine check, the victim discovered it had been fitted with a tracking device.

North Yorkshire Police Detective Sergeant, Ian Philips said:

“Stephens is a manipulative individual who made his victim feel terrified as she continued her day-to-day life. He set about befriending members of the local community in order to turn them against her, a calculated move to increase his victim’s feelings of isolation.

“Only now that he will be serving his prison sentence can she begin to rebuild her life, knowing that she is safe.

“The victim has shown a great deal of bravery in reporting this to the police and we would encourage anyone who feels threatened by the behaviour of an individual or who is experiencing any form of stalking or harassment to get in touch with us. We are here to help and support you, no matter what you are going through.”

Stephens pleaded guilty to the charge of stalking involving serious alarm/distress and has been sentenced to 2 years and 6 months in prison. He was also issued with a lifetime restraining order to protect his victim.

If you wish to report incidents of stalking or harassment, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or if it’s an emergency, always call 999. We have specially-trained officers who can help victims of stalking and harassment, and can also help you access other support services. Find out more about the offences and what to do if you or someone you know is affected by visiting northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/personal-safety/stalking-and-harassment/

Other places to find help:

National Stalking Helpline (run by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust): 0808 802 0300

Independent Domestic Abuse Service (IDAS): 03000 110 110

Supporting Victims: 0808 168 9293

Posted on 8 January 2021 at 05:23pm in News stories
