```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-06T17:39:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-06T17:38:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Next Monday (11 December 2017) the two will come together at Morrison\u2019s supermarket on the A64 at Eastfield near Scarborough. Volunteers will be on hand to provide crucial crime prevention advice from staying safe online to drink driving, while the \u201C95 Alive\u201D partnership will have their \u201Cbeer goggles\u201D at the ready so people can experience [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Keeping-safe-at-Christmas-1-1-1024x890.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police volunteers team up with road safety partnership to drive home drink drive message - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-team-road-safety-partnership-drive-home-drink-drive-message/
title: Police volunteers team up with road safety partnership to drive home drink drive message
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-team-road-safety-partnership-drive-home-drink-drive-message/
```

Last modified: 6 December 2017 at 05:39pm

Police volunteers leading the “Keeping safe at Christmas” roadshow are teaming up with the “95 Alive” York and North Yorkshire Road Safety Partnership to drive home vital safety messages.

Next Monday (11 December 2017) the two will come together at Morrison’s supermarket on the A64 at Eastfield near Scarborough.

Volunteers will be on hand to provide crucial crime prevention advice from staying safe online to drink driving, while the “95 Alive” partnership will have their “beer goggles” at the ready so people can experience the effects of drink-driving first-hand. They also have a number of giveaways from alcohol unit measures to ice scrapers for anyone who takes part in their road safety survey.

North Yorkshire Police’s Volunteer Coordinator, Antony Baldwin, said: “The Keeping safe at Christmas roadshows have proved very popular among members of the public and when the opportunity arose to collaborate with 95 Alive, we teamed up to strengthen the impact of our road safety messages.

“We also have valuable crime prevention advice to protect your hard-earned cash and Christmas gifts – whether you’re shopping online or in the shops - along with tips on staying safe on nights out.”

North Yorkshire County Councillor Don Mackenzie, Executive Member for Highways, and the authority’s road safety champion, added: “Last year, five deaths and nearly 100 injuries on the county’s roads involved alcohol. Many people still think that they can have some alcohol and drive. In reality, it’s not safe to drive with any alcohol in your system. With three units in an average pint of lager and up to four in a large glass of wine, it’s easy to see why people underestimate how many hours they need to wait before driving again.

“I appeal to people not to take the risk, arrange alternative transport and don’t drink and drive at all. Our road safety team meets people trying to deal with the tragic consequences of drinking and driving, both those who were driving while impaired and the innocent people involved. Please help everyone to stay safe on the roads this winter.”

The roadshow will be at Morrisons between 10am and 2pm.

Posted on 6 December 2017 at 05:38pm in News stories
