```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-19T14:12:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are urging members of the public to join officers in supporting national Wildlife Crime Awareness Week.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police go online to mark Wildlife Crime Awareness Week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-go-online-mark-wildlife-crime-awareness-week/
title: Police go online to mark Wildlife Crime Awareness Week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-go-online-mark-wildlife-crime-awareness-week/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

North Yorkshire Police are urging members of the public to join officers in supporting national Wildlife Crime Awareness Week.

The week runs from 19 to 25 October 2015, and is an opportunity for people to get involved in the fight against wildlife crime - both online, by raising awareness, and offline, by acting as the 'eyes and ears' of the police, particularly in rural areas.

Police are also marking the week by launching a dedicated wildlife crime Twitter account - the first of its kind in the region.

North Yorkshire Police has 16 specially trained Wildlife Crime Officers, who, along with their normal duties, investigate crimes against wildlife. They will either assist other police officers or take the lead role in the investigation of more intricate cases, and can also offer training and advice to colleagues. They also give talks to local schools and community groups, support local schemes such as Farmwatch and Rural Watch, and provide advice to the public alongside other organisations at countryside events like the Great Yorkshire Show.

The new Twitter account, @NYPWCOS (www.twitter.com/nypwcos), has already been used to share information and warnings about illegal traps, poaching offences and badger persecution.

Insp Vicky Taylor, who holds the portfolio for wildlife crime at North Yorkshire Police, said: "We take all reports of wildlife crime extremely seriously, and Wildlife Crime Awareness Week is an opportunity to highlight our commitment to tackling this criminality. Particularly in rural areas, members of the public and local Watch scheme volunteers provide valuable support, often acting as the 'eyes and ears' of the police, and I would urge anyone who wants to join us in the fight against countryside crime to get in touch by calling 101."

The @NYPWCOS Twitter account is run by PC Gareth Jones, Ripon Rural Beat Manager and Wildlife Crime Co-ordinator. He said: "Wildlife crime is cruel and illegal. However, people may not always report it because they don't know what to spot, or what constitutes a crime. Wildlife Crime Awareness Week and our new Twitter account is all about educating members of the public about wildlife crime, as well as asking people to come forward and report any suspicious activity to the police."

Already this year, a number of wildlife criminals have been convicted thanks to the hard work and vigilance of police officers, local Watch schemes and members of the community - including a hare courser in Melsonby, poachers in East Cowton, sheep rustlers in Skipton and many more.

Other wildlife crime-related activity includes:

• In March 2015, North Yorkshire Police took part in the UN's World Wildlife Day;
• In May, the force launched a major poster campaign to highlight the dangers of illegal wildlife poisoning;
• In June, PCs Gareth Jones and Sarah Ward appeared live on BBC One's Crimewatch Roadshow to demonstrate the impact of wildlife crime in rural communities;
• In July, North Yorkshire Police's online rural crime awareness campaign - which includes wildlife crime messages - was a finalist in the UK Public Sector Communications Awards. The campaign has also been shortlisted in the Digital Entrepreneur Awards in November;
• Throughout the summer, officers attended events and shows, including the Great Yorkshire Show, with a Partnership for Action Against Wildlife Crime (PAW) displayer trailer;
• And in August the force joined an innovative project with NFU Mutual to train officers to tackle livestock theft.

The term 'wildlife crime' encompasses a very wide variety of offences - everything from the unlawful trapping of wild animals to disturbing cetaceans. North Yorkshire Police have published comprehensive advice and guidance about wildlife crime at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/wildlifecrime.

Head of UK Campaigns at World Animal Protection, Alyx Elliott, said: "We are thrilled that so many police forces are supporting our partnership with Crimestoppers on Wildlife Crime Awareness Week. We know the public adore the wonderful British species like badgers, bats, hares and birds of prey, but they may not be aware of the devastating crime that affects them. This week will empower people to recognise the signs of certain crimes like hare coursing, or poaching so they can report it to the police, or Crimestoppers and help protect our beloved wildlife."

**19 October 2015**

Posted on 19 October 2015 at 02:12pm in News stories
