```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-12T09:32:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-15T16:10:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: PC Uzma Amireddy from North Yorkshrie Police gives her thoughts on joining the police service as a Muslim woman.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/PC-Uzma-Amireddy-crop.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: My story - PC Uzma Amireddy - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/my-story-pc-uzma-amireddy/
title: My story - PC Uzma Amireddy
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/my-story-pc-uzma-amireddy/
```

Last modified: 12 September 2019 at 10:32am

Imagine… as a child you don’t know where your next meal is coming from, at age nine you sweep floors and wash pots just to help feed your family, at age 12 you come to a foreign country and don’t speak the language, but go on to achieve 4 A-levels and a law degree before joining the police. Read PC Uzma Amireddy’s inspiring story about how she convinced her family that education and a policing career was the right path for her and how she is driving a change in policing culture through positive action.

I feel very privileged to be serving as a police constable for North Yorkshire Police where I am currently their Positive Action Coordinator. This force has given me a platform to make changes to the policing culture when it comes to inclusion and diversity, especially as I have experienced a number of issues relating to my race since arriving in the UK, particularly in my role as a police officer.

I was born in Lahore in Pakistan. My mother was a single parent to me and my brother, and following her divorce we went to live with my grandmother.

**Growing up in poverty**

My grandparents had lost everything due to a war between India and Pakistan in 1947, and so I grew up in poverty not knowing where my next meal would come from.

Throughout my childhood I saw the struggles my grandmother and mother went through to raise me. But it taught me to be strong and independent.

My mother moved to UK after her second marriage, but I remained in Pakistan with my grandmother who cleaned houses to help feed me and her other children.

From the age of nine, I began going to work with her to wash pots and sweep the floors. But she had better plans for me and would avoid taking me with her. She wanted a better future for me.

When I was 12 my stepfather adopted me and my brother and we went to live in the UK along with him, my mother and my baby sister. I found it very difficult leaving my homeland and most of all, leaving my grandmother.

**Achievement**

It took number of years to settle into the UK, particularly as I could not speak a word of English and adapting to a new culture was a big challenge.

The struggle was huge, however with hard work and determination I achieved five GCSEs and four A levels. But being from a Muslim background my parents were quite reserved about the idea of further education.

It was a real struggle for me to make them understand how I wanted to achieve more from life than being married at the age of 16.

I come from a Muslim family, and I love my religion. I live a different life to my family, but that is about culture, not about religion.

It was actually a challenge to get them to agree to me going to college. They were concerned because it was breaking the culture in my family. However, there’s a word in the Qur’an, “iqra”, which means read or seek knowledge. It doesn’t say this applies to male or female – it applies to everyone – and that was key to helping my family accept the direction I wanted to go in my life.

At university I was able to show my parents that I could be trusted and that I wanted the right kind of freedom – the freedom to find myself and establish myself – I wasn’t going to go wild or go out drinking. When I graduated with a degree in law, my family came to my graduation and they were really proud. And because they already had that trust and that confidence in me, following my chosen career was just the next step.

I had no plans to join the police service. I initially wanted to become a solicitor. But due to the cost of taking a Legal Practice Course and moving away from home – which was something my family couldn’t support me with financially, nor would they allow me to move away, I wasn’t able to.

I joined a mentoring scheme my mentor from the Home Office advised me to join a police force. It came as a shock, as someone from my background would have never have heard of an Asian female officer in the police service. Policing is something that is not considered as a career in Asian society.

I was very scared to tell my parents that I was going to join the police. But due to the trust I had built up with them over the years, they had no issues in me joining.

I can proudly say I have been a police officer for 10 years, I started my career with Cleveland police in 2009. I spent six years on front-line policing, which I extremely enjoyed - from domestic situations, dealing with people under the influence of drink and drugs outside nightclubs, to people who have gone missing from home, the list is huge. I then worked in the force control room for four years before transferring to North Yorkshire Police.

I really enjoyed my time in response policing, being out there in the community, helping vulnerable people, it was extremely rewarding and the job satisfaction was enormous.
What really attracted me to policing is that not one day is the same. You never know how your day is going to turn out. There are a number of different departments to specialise in, you would never spend your entire career in one department.

Most of all, it is rewarding, knowing that you make a real difference to people’s lives – particularly those who may be suffering in silence and it may have taken them a lifetime to take that brave step and make their first call to the police. You could be the person that changes the rest of their life for the better.

**More than just a job**

Policing is more than just a job – it’s a career. There are numerous opportunities for development and specialising in a particular area. You really can go from Constable to Chief Constable if you’re prepared to work hard. Not all professions are like that. My passion lies in investigative roles, so in the future I’d want to focus on domestic violence, honour-based violence and helping those who may be suffering a domestic abuse whether men or women. Other people are drawn to working in specialist divisions like police dogs, roads policing, firearms or digital forensics. That’s what’s exciting about the Police Service - there’s something for everyone.

As a Muslim woman Police Officer, I’ve been called lots of names. I joined the job knowing I would get a certain type of abuse, but sometimes it is more than just insulting the uniform. They are insulting me personally, and you can do without that. There was a time when it upset me, but you just have to let it go. Most of the time I’m too busy thinking about what I need to do, and the health and safety of myself and my colleagues, to get too down about it. What helps is when your colleagues intervene when you get racist abuse. It makes you feel better, and gives the message out to the public that we have a zero tolerance for racism. It shows that within the police service, we don’t see any difference between one another, and other people shouldn’t either.

**Communication is key**

You have to handle challenging situations and challenging people. I have dealt with violent and aggressive people, but I try to see beyond the aggression. How you communicate with people is the key. Nobody is born to be a criminal, and I’ve found that if you show respect, you get it back.

I never had any concerns about the physical part of the job. Obviously men can be stronger, but I was given the same training as male officers and I’ve always been confident. There have been times when I’ve been working outside pubs and clubs and people have had a lot to drink and they are really in-your-face. You give them lots of chances, but sometimes it gets to the point where they’re not listening, and you have no choice. You have to get them down onto the floor, restrain them and handcuff them. I’ve also had to deal with some nasty domestic situations. One time I was called out to a domestic and the man got very aggressive. He got hold of my colleague by the neck and I had to try to bring him down. We ended up in a tussle and he tried to choke me. He was a big lad, and I had to use my PAVA spray before I could get him off and handcuff him. When things happen, they happen really fast, and you’ve got to be prepared to think on your feet. It’s just part of the job.

**Providing an equal starting point for everyone**

North Yorkshire Police are keen to encourage diversity. I’ve been appointed as a Positive Action (PA) Coordinator, and there is so much enthusiasm and support for the role. I feel blessed to be in this force, and proud to be a police officer and bring real positive changes within the policing culture, giving everyone the same starting line, particularly to those who may have been at disadvantage, for whatever reason.

My husband met me when I wasn’t a cop, but now he wants to join the police too. My daughter, who is five, sometimes says she wants to be a teacher but sometimes that she wants to be a police officer. I’ll be happy for my kids if that’s what they choose to do.

Posted on 15 August 2019 at 05:10pm in News stories
