```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:05:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-08T14:04:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A 45-year-old York man who was the victim of an assault in an alleyway near the Fulford Arms in York has died.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further appeal after man dies following assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-dies-following-assault-york/
title: Further appeal after man dies following assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-dies-following-assault-york/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:05pm

A 45-year-old York man who was the victim of an assault in an alleyway near the Fulford Arms in York has died.

Benjamin James Traherne of Bad Bargain Lane, York, died in York District Hospital on Monday 7 March after being taken there following the incident at around 9.45pm on the night of Friday 19 February 2016.

As part of the investigation into the assault and Benjamin's subsequent death, police want to trace a woman who was seen on Fulford Road at around the same time.

She was walking past the Fulford Arms and heading towards Fulford Village behind a group of men who had been drinking in the pub. Officers would like to speak to the woman as she could have important information.

If you believe you are the woman police want to speak to, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and speak to the Force Control Room. Anyone else who was in the area at the time, is also asked to contact the police.

Please quote reference number 12160030221 when calling.

A 58-year-old York man was charged with wounding with intent and appeared at York Magistrates' Court (sitting at Leeds) on 3 March 2016. He then appeared at York Crown Court on 4 March. He is currently remanded in custody and due to appear at York Crown Court again on 1 April 2016.

Last week, police issued a witness appeal for a group of men to come forward who had been in the Fulford Arms, these men have been traced.

8 March 2016

Posted on 8 March 2016 at 02:04pm in News stories
