```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:23:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-22T09:07:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that happened in an alley between John Street and Recreation Road, Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following asssault in Barlby, Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-asssault-barlby-selby/
title: Appeal following asssault in Barlby, Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-asssault-barlby-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:23am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that happened in an alley between John Street and Recreation Road, Selby.

It happened at approximately 4.40am on Sunday 14 May 2017 and involved an unknown man approaching the female victim asking for cigarettes and money. The man has attempted to grab the victim's handbag and when she fell to the ground he assaulted her by cutting her clothing and causing scratches to her stomach area.

Paramedics attended the scene.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information to identify the suspect. The suspect has been described as a white man, aged 20-25 years, approximately 5'5″ and of skinny build. He was wearing a black hooded top.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Alison BAKER. You can also email Alison.baker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170082713.

Date 19 May 2017

Contact details:
 Alison BAKER \- #1944
alison.baker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31944
Incident reference:
 12170082713
Posted on 22 May 2017 at 09:07am in Local appeals
