```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:00:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-18T09:59:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a nasty assault and theft that occurred in NORWOOD STREET, SCARBOROUGH.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault on NORWOOD STREET - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-norwood-street/
title: Appeal following assault on NORWOOD STREET
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-norwood-street/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:00am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a nasty assault and theft that occurred in NORWOOD STREET, SCARBOROUGH.

At around 2120 hours on Saturday 15 August 2015 the victim was walking home from work along NORWOOD STREET when she was approached by a male, she was subsequently dragged to the floor by her hair and stamped on, and punched before she gave them her small change. A small dark coloured car pulled up and the offender/s ran off, the driver asked the victim if she was OK and the victim left and went home.

The offender is described as a male with olive skin, 6ft tall, skinny build, wearing black hooded top with white string, black trainers with 'A' on the side.

We would particularly like to speak to the male in the dark coloured car who stopped to help the victim and no doubt prevented something much worse happening.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC91 Adam GALLIMORE. You can also email adam.gallimore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150143729.

**18 August 2015**

Posted on 18 August 2015 at 09:59am in News stories
