```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:05:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-03T13:04:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are hunting a suspect who stole a handbag after smashing a car window with a brick.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough car break-in suspect sought by police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-car-break-suspect-sought-police/
title: Scarborough car break-in suspect sought by police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-car-break-suspect-sought-police/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:05pm

Police in Scarborough are hunting a suspect who stole a handbag after smashing a car window with a brick.

The black Mini Countryman was targeted while parked unattended on Victoria Road today - Friday 3 June - at about 8.40am.

The man ran off clutching the handbag towards Albermarle Crescent.

Two members of the public bravely challenged the suspect near Victoria Court. The suspect dropped the handbag and allegedly made threats towards the men before making off.

Officers have recovered the handbag as part of the on-going investigation. This has involved house-to-house enquiries, checking CCTV footage in the area and forensic examinations at the scene of the incident.

Witnesses described the suspect as being aged in his mid-20s, about 6ft tall and well-built. He was wearing a grey hooded top with the hood up, and black jogging trousers.

It is believed he may have been with a woman wearing dark clothing. Witnesses say she has a large build and possibly pregnant.

Witnesses or anyone with information that could assist the investigation are urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12160096942 when providing details about this incident.

**3 June 2016 - 4.45pm**

Posted on 3 June 2016 at 01:04pm in News stories
