```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-01-08T16:44:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Local residents did their bit to help out during the icy spell, working with police to keep fellow motorists safe and disruption to a minimum. At 7.30am on Sunday 7 January, a car left the road after skidding on ice at Saltergate, Pickering. An off-duty police officer helped at the scene. A woman was taken [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Community rallies round as wintry weather hits Ryedale roads - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-rallies-round-wintry-weather-hits-ryedale-roads/
title: Community rallies round as wintry weather hits Ryedale roads
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-rallies-round-wintry-weather-hits-ryedale-roads/
```

Last modified: 8 January 2018 at 04:44pm

Police officers had a busy Sunday morning on the roads of Ryedale, dealing with several road traffic collisions across the district.

Local residents did their bit to help out during the icy spell, working with police to keep fellow motorists safe and disruption to a minimum.

At 7.30am on Sunday 7 January, a car left the road after skidding on ice at Saltergate, Pickering. An off-duty police officer helped at the scene. A woman was taken to hospital with back pain, and officers arranged for a gritter to attend.

At around the same time, a Renault Twingo car left the road and rolled into a field off the A170 between Pickering and Thornton-le-Dale. A member of police staff who was passing stopped to assist until officers arrived. No one was injured.

At 9am a bus became stuck on ice in the road on the roundabout at Kirby Misperton. A police officer, staff from Flamingo Land and a local farmer all arrived to help out, getting the bus moved and gritting the road. There was no damage, and no injuries, and the bus was on its way a short time later.

At 9.45am, a car came off the road in icy conditions and ended up on its roof in Acres Lane, Helmsley. The driver was shaken and suffered hand injuries, but didn’t need an ambulance. Police officers arranged for the vehicle to be recovered, and local PCSOs helped control traffic, as the road was blocked for a time.

Around 12.30pm, three vehicles crashed into a wall on Fletton Road, Norton. There was a large amount of black ice on the road. No one was injured.

Inspector Martin Dennison, of the Ryedale Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “If your route is affected by snow or ice, it is important to give yourself more time, take extra care and adjust your driving to the conditions. This could be lowering your speed, increasing breaking distances and making sure lights are on even during the day.

“The phrase that is often used in these circumstances is ‘drive to arrive’, and that is exactly what your priority should be. On treacherous roads, it is literally a case of better late than never.

“It is also vital to ensure your vehicle is well-maintained and prepared for the conditions. This includes filling the tank with fuel and stocking up on de-icer, windscreen wash and scrapers to make sure you can see the road from all angles. It is advisable to carry a torch, warm clothes or a blanket, boots, first aid kit, shovel and a tow rope. Also make sure you take food and drink with you, especially on longer journeys.

“It was a busy morning for officers on Sunday, and we’re very grateful to community-spirited members of the public who stopped to help those involved in collisions.”

Posted on 8 January 2018 at 04:44pm in News stories
