```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-02T10:55:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Miss Lucas was found deceased inside a property on Fourth Avenue at 1pm on Monday 2 July after officers gained entry following concerns for her welfare. North Yorkshire Police launched a murder investigation and a 35 year-old local man was arrested on suspicion of murder shortly after. He has since been released on conditional bail [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Claire-Lucas.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman whose body was discovered in Fourth Avenue property formally identified - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-whose-body-was-discovered-in-fourth-avenue-property-formally-identified/
title: Woman whose body was discovered in Fourth Avenue property formally identified
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-whose-body-was-discovered-in-fourth-avenue-property-formally-identified/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

A woman whose body was discovered in a York property has been formally identified by North Yorkshire Police as 25-year-old Claire Lucas from York.

Miss Lucas was found deceased inside a property on Fourth Avenue at 1pm on Monday 2 July after officers gained entry following concerns for her welfare.

North Yorkshire Police launched a murder investigation and a 35 year-old local man was arrested on suspicion of murder shortly after. He has since been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries.

Detectives are continuing to follow a number of lines of enquiry into Miss Lucas’ death and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Leading on the investigation, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Pearson of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Following the discovery of a body inside a property on Fourth Avenue in York last month we are now in a position to confirm that it was sadly 25-year-old Claire Lucas from York.

"Enquiries remain ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding Claire’s death and we continue to appeal to anyone who has any information to contact us, no matter how insignificant it may seem.

“Did you speak to Claire in the days before her death? Did you see anything untoward on Fourth Avenue on the evening of Saturday 30 June or in the early hours of Sunday 1 July? If so, we would urge you to come forward.

“Our thoughts are with Claire’s family at this difficult time and I would ask for their privacy to be respected."

If you have any information that could assist the investigation please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or via their online reporting tool on their website at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote reference number 12180118649 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 2 August 2018 at 11:55am in News stories
