```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-19T14:22:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-19T14:10:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "As a result of extensive enquiries and DNA testing with family members in Thailand, the Major Investigation Team\u2019s Cold Case Review Unit believe the woman is Lamduan Armitage nee Seekanya (pictured). Officers are now appealing for information from the UK and Thailand. Lamduan, who would now be aged 51 and was married with three children, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/Lamduan-Armitage.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman identified in 2004 Pen-y-Ghent body cold-case investigation - can you help? - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-identified-in-2004-pen-y-ghent-body-cold-case-investigation-can-you-help/
title: Woman identified in 2004 Pen-y-Ghent body cold-case investigation - can you help?
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-identified-in-2004-pen-y-ghent-body-cold-case-investigation-can-you-help/
```

Last modified: 19 March 2019 at 02:22pm

North Yorkshire Police can confirm the identity of a south-east Asian woman whose body was discovered in a remote location on the Pennine Way, between Pen-y-ghent and Horton in Ribblesdale, on 20 September 2004.

As a result of extensive enquiries and DNA testing with family members in Thailand, the Major Investigation Team’s Cold Case Review Unit believe the woman is **Lamduan Armitage nee Seekanya** (pictured).

Officers are now appealing for information from the UK and Thailand.

Lamduan, who would now be aged 51 and was married with three children, is originally from the Udon Thani province in north east Thailand.

North Yorkshire Police is continuing to build a picture of Lamduan’s life in Thailand and at various places she lived in the UK between 1991 and 2004, including Portsmouth (Hampshire), Rugby (Warwickshire) and Preston (Lancashire).

It is also understood that Lamduan visited Thailand at some point between 2003 and 2004, but it is not known which part of the country she went to.

Police are working with the Crown Prosecution Service to obtain the legal authority to interview members of Lamduan’s family and conduct enquiries in Thailand with the co-operation and assistance of the Thai authorities, as well as conducting enquires in the UK.

**Can you help?**

We are seeking information from anyone who knew Lamduan Armitage nee Seekanya or her family between 1991 and up to the time she died in September 2004.

No matter how small or seemingly insignificant you think the information is, it could prove to be very important to help us establish details about Lamduan’s life and the circumstances surrounding her death.

If you have any information at all, please pass it on via any of the following:

 * Information can be uploaded to the Major Incident Public Portal at mipp.police.uk
 * Telephone: **01609 643147** (put **+44 before the number** if calling from **outside the UK** ) – please leave a voicemail message including contact information if requested
 * Email: **ColdCaseReviewUnit@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk**
 * If you would prefer to remain **anonymous** , please contact **Crimestoppers** on **0800 555111** or go to **crimestoppers-uk.org**
 * Please quote the **North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170002439** when providing information about this case

**Related news**

**12 July 2018 - Cold case review team turn to social media to identify woman**

**30 October 2018 - Pen-y-ghent body mystery: Cold case investigators explore possibility the South East Asian woman was a “Thai bride” based in north Lancashire or south Cumbria**

**25 January 2019- Statement regarding Pen-Y-Ghent cold case investigation from 2004**

Posted on 19 March 2019 at 02:10pm in News stories
