```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:35:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-13T12:34:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Appearing at York Magistrates Court, 54-year-old Steven Shore from East Leake in Nottinghamshire was found guilty of the offence and sentenced to six months imprisonment and given a 12-month ban from driving.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Steven_Shore_6mth_12mth_ban_ok-300x236.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A man has been found guilty of providing false information in relation to two separate speeding offences - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-found-guilty-providing-false-information-relation-two-separate-speeding-offences/
title: A man has been found guilty of providing false information in relation to two separate speeding offences
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-found-guilty-providing-false-information-relation-two-separate-speeding-offences/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:35pm

Appearing at York Magistrates Court, 54-year-old Steven Shore from East Leake in Nottinghamshire was found guilty of the offence and sentenced to six months imprisonment and given a 12-month ban from driving.

Shore was caught speeding by police safety camera vans on two occasions. One offence took place in Nottinghamshire and the other in North Yorkshire.

When police tracked him down, Shore nominated a woman from the Isle of Wight, who he did not know, as the driver of the vehicle in both offences. The innocent woman was summoned to court and informed the magistrates that she did not know the defendant, had never driven the vehicle and had no connection to the vehicle involved in the two speeding offences.

An investigation was carried out by North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau Investigation Unit with the assistance of Nottinghamshire Police, who uncovered the scam. When interviewed, Shore admitted to being the driver on both occasions and providing false information.

Traffic Constable Andy Forth who conducted the investigation and was in attendance at court said;

"Shore made the mistake in thinking North Yorkshire Police would not bother to check the information thoroughly. We fully support the prosecution of Shore and would like to stress that the information that speeding motorists provide on the driver statements sent to them is checked and any inconsistencies in the information are investigated."

"Please be warned that if you provide false information on the forms sent to you following a speeding offence, it becomes a criminal matter and the difference between having three points on your licence or in this case, a prison sentence."

Posted on 13 May 2016 at 12:34pm in News stories
