```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:28:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-21T10:28:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Published today (Thursday 21 April 2016), the &quot;Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending December 2015&quot; report has placed the North Yorkshire Police area as the lowest crime location in England.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Official figures show North Yorkshire has lowest crime rate in England - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/official-figures-show-north-yorkshire-lowest-crime-rate-england/
title: Official figures show North Yorkshire has lowest crime rate in England
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/official-figures-show-north-yorkshire-lowest-crime-rate-england/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:28am

Published today (Thursday 21 April 2016), the "Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending December 2015" report has placed the North Yorkshire Police area as the lowest crime location in England.

There were a total of 36,335 crimes in North Yorkshire giving a crime rate of 45.1 per 1,000 of the population. While this reflects a 5% rise in crime in comparison to the same period the previous year, it is below the 8% increase in England and Wales and takes into account improved crime recording standards nationally.

Broken down into the main crime categories, the Office of National Statistics' figures for North Yorkshire show:

 * Drug offences decreased by 7% (1,881 crimes in total, 151 fewer crimes)
 * Possession of weapons offences down by 22% (178 crimes in total, 51 fewer crimes)
 * 1% decrease in theft offences (16,934 crimes in total, 233 fewer crimes)
 * Theft from person down by 9% (482 crimes in total, 49 fewer crimes)
 * All other theft offences down by 8% (4,708 crimes in total, 389 fewer crimes)
 * Overall burglary increased by 4% (4,130 crimes in total, 141 more crimes of which 50 were dwelling and 91 non-dwelling burglaries)
 * Criminal damage and arson went up by 9% (5,641 crimes in total, 442 more crimes)
 * 1% increase in Vehicle Offences (2,266 crimes in total, 19 more crimes)
 * Robbery increased by 24% (168 crimes in total, 32 more crimes)
 * Sexual offences went up by 18% (1,150 crimes in total, 179 more crimes). As previously highlighted, this rise is regarded as a positive reflection of the confidence victims have in North Yorkshire Police, particularly those making historical complaints. This has been influenced by Operation Yewtree and Operation Hibiscus (Jimmy Savile/Peter Jaconelli investigations), and the opening of a Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) in York two-and-a-half years ago
 * Violence against the person went up by 22% (8,572 crimes in total, 1,570 more crimes). Of these crimes, almost half - 4,156 - come under the Violence Without Injury category. This is largely attributable to the Violence without Injury category. This includes Common Assault and Harassment offences. Recent analysis confirmed this rise is linked to improved recording following a recent HMIC inspection, an increase in historical reports, increased pro-activity around enforcement of orders and improved victim confidence
 * Public order offences increased by 4% (1,267 crimes in total, 50 more crimes)
 * Miscellaneous crimes against society, which includes the possession and publication of extreme sexual images, remained at the same level with 544 crimes in total
 * Shoplifting increased by a 1% (4,040 crimes in total, 45 more crimes)
 * Bicycle theft remained at the same level with 1,308 crimes in total

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said: "North Yorkshire Police remains determined and resolute in our efforts to keep people safe from a range of dangers, including the emergence of cyber-based crime.

"Our officers, staff and volunteers work around the clock, every day of the year, targeting and disrupting criminal activity across the county and beyond our force borders. Our Road Crime Teams and Roads Policing Group officers, working in tandem with the Force Control Room and intelligence officers using advanced automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) technology, are at the forefront of this proactive approach to policing.

"There will be no let-up from North Yorkshire Police, particularly in those areas showing an increase. We are constantly striving to improve the way we operate and provide the very best service possible for the people and communities we are proud to serve."

Posted on 21 April 2016 at 10:28am in News stories
