```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-03T09:19:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-03T09:09:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The first incident was a robbery that happened at approximately 6.30pm on King Street. A 23 year-old man was attacked by two or three suspects who are described as young males. The victim\u2019s mobile phone and watch were stolen during the incident and he sustained injuries to his face. In the second report incident, four [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/Capture36.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after number of incidents including a robbery in Ripon - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-number-of-incidents-including-a-robbery-in-ripon/
title: Appeal for information after number of incidents including a robbery in Ripon
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-number-of-incidents-including-a-robbery-in-ripon/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2021 at 09:19am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell footage following a number of incidents that occurred in Ripon on Sunday 31 January 2021

The first incident was a robbery that happened at approximately 6.30pm on King Street. A 23 year-old man was attacked by two or three suspects who are described as young males. The victim’s mobile phone and watch were stolen during the incident and he sustained injuries to his face.

In the second report incident, four teenage boys and one teenage girl entered McColl's on Bondgate at around 8.30pm and left with items of alcohol without making an attempt to pay for the items.

At around 9.10pm a report of antisocial behaviour was received involving a group of approx. 15 teenagers on Southgate. They were wearing dark clothing and shouted abuse at local residents after been asked to move away from parked cars.

At around 9.30pm, police received a report of a male with what is believed to be a machete on Bondgate.

Around the same time, police received a separate report that a man was threatened by another male with a knife on Bondgate.

There were also a number of other reports of large groups of ‘youths’ at various locations received throughout the evening which Police responded to.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Alex Langley said:

“I’d also like to reassure the local community that we are investigating all of these reports which we are taking very seriously and I can assure people that we will be taking robust action against those responsible.

“Did you see what happened or do you have any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell camera footage that may have captured something? We’d also like to hear from anyone who has any information that could help us to identify those involved.

“Our extensive enquiries are ongoing, including officers trawling through CCTV footage and speaking to local businesses and we have also stepped up our patrols. Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or email lucymills@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Please quote the following North Yorkshire Police reference numbers when providing information:

 * 12210049512 – robbery on King Street at 6.30pm
 * 12210049541 – theft at McColls
 * 12210049572 – report of male with a machete
 * 12210049669 – man threatened by a male with a knife.
 * 12210049571 – antisocial behaviour incident involving 15 teenagers on Southgate

Posted on 3 February 2021 at 09:09am in News stories
