```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-27T11:05:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-27T10:37:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 6.10pm on Saturday 25 January 2020 the woman was parking her car on Strawberry Dale Terrace, just off Franklin Road in Harrogate, when she was approached by two boys. As she was just about to get out of her navy Mini, one of the boys shouted at her to get out of the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses as woman threatened and car window smashed in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-as-woman-threatened-and-car-window-smashed-in-harrogate/
title: Appeal for witnesses as woman threatened and car window smashed in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-as-woman-threatened-and-car-window-smashed-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 27 January 2020 at 11:05am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was threatened by two teenage boys, who then went on to smash the back window of her car.

At around 6.10pm on Saturday 25 January 2020 the woman was parking her car on Strawberry Dale Terrace, just off Franklin Road in Harrogate, when she was approached by two boys.

As she was just about to get out of her navy Mini, one of the boys shouted at her to get out of the car and the other showed her that he was carrying a baton in his hand.

The woman stayed in the car and locked her doors, as the boy with the baton then proceeded to smash the back window of her car. The boys then left the scene, running in the direction of Mayfield Grove.

The woman was unhurt, but left very shaken by the incident.

Around the same time as this incident, police received a report of another vehicle, which was parked nearby on Nydd Vale Terrace, also having its window smashed.

Officers are appealing for any witnesses who were on Franklin Road or Nydd Vale Terrace, who either witnessed the cars being damaged or saw anything suspicious, to contact them.

The boys are described as young teenagers, potentially aged between 13-16 years old. Both had a fair complexion and were wearing black puffer-type jackets. One boy was thought to be wearing dark grey jogging bottoms.

Anyone who has any information which would assist the investigation is asked to contact police on 101, select option one and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12200014282

Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 27 January 2020 at 10:37am in News stories
