```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:14:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-26T13:33:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The arrested people include a woman and four men, three have been released while under investigation and one is in police custody for questioning. The arrested people\_include: a woman aged 30 from Bradford a man aged 26 from Bingley a man aged 28 from Shipley a man aged 26 from Bradford (currently in custody for [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/02/image1.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATED: Beloved family dogs found and four arrested following Huby (Harrogate) burglary - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-stolen-dogs-in-burglary/
title: 'UPDATED: Beloved family dogs found and four arrested following Huby (Harrogate) burglary'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-stolen-dogs-in-burglary/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:14am

We are pleased to say that the four dogs - three pugs and a French bulldog stolen from a house in Huby on 23 February 2018 have been found a reunited with their owner. Police have arrested four people in connection with the burglary.

The arrested people include a woman and four men, three have been released while under investigation and one is in police custody for questioning.

The arrested people include:
a woman aged 30 from Bradford
a man aged 26 from Bingley
a man aged 28 from Shipley
a man aged 26 from Bradford (currently in custody for questioning)

12 March 2018

_________________________________________________________________

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in which four beloved family dogs and two Oset trials bikes have been stolen from a property in Huby near Harrogate.

It happened between 2pm and 5pm on Friday 23rd February 2018 when the suspects broke in by smashing a glass door.

The family had several dogs at the address including pugs and a French bulldog. The offenders have stolen three of the pugs and the French bulldog. In addition, other stolen items include two Oset trials bikes that belong to the children at the address.

Police have issued an appeal for information including anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area, knows where the dogs are now, or has any other information that could assist the investigation.

The theft of the dogs in particular has caused the family great distress.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 663 Cooke. You can also email Eleanor.cooke@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180032078.

Contact details:
 Eleanor Cooke \- #663
eleanor.cooke@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30663
Incident reference:
 12180032078
Posted on 26 February 2018 at 01:33pm in Local appeals
