```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-19T11:13:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The control room, which is often referred to as the beating heart of the North Yorkshire force, is just one of the hundreds of control rooms across the world that is being celebrated as part of this year\u2019s International Control Room Week. Taking place between 19 \u2013 25 October 2020, the week is dedicated to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/fcr-pic.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Celebrating North Yorkshire\u2019s &#039;heroes in headsets\u2019 - International Control Room Week - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/celebrating-north-yorkshires-heroes-in-headsets-international-control-room-week/
title: "Celebrating North Yorkshire\u2019s 'heroes in headsets\u2019 - International Control Room Week"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/celebrating-north-yorkshires-heroes-in-headsets-international-control-room-week/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2020 at 12:13pm

From the unusual and unique to the most distressing and challenging - the North Yorkshire Police Force Control Room deal with over 30,000 calls per month, equating to approximately 1000 calls per day.

The control room, which is often referred to as the beating heart of the North Yorkshire force, is just one of the hundreds of control rooms across the world that is being celebrated as part of this year’s International Control Room Week.

Taking place between 19 – 25 October 2020, the week is dedicated to celebrating the extraordinary work of emergency services call handlers, dispatch teams and critical control room employees across the world.

Running for the third consecutive year, the international campaign seeks to raise awareness of the live-changing situations that control room staff face 24/7, 365 days a year to keep our communities safe and protected, and the impact that the job has on not only their life, but their families too.

It will also shine a spotlight on the critical role control room teams perform and acknowledge their strength and resilience during the Covid-19 pandemic.

Control room teams across the globe are key workers and have continued to work throughout the crisis, taking significantly more calls than usual while continuing to serve and protect the public and deal with serious and distressing incidents on a daily basis.

In North Yorkshire, the police force handled 18,1077 calls in the six months between Monday 23 March and Wednesday 23 September – an increase of 5% compared to the same period in 2019.

The week is organised by APD Communications, which supplies critical, life-saving software to emergency services organisations across the UK and supports critical control operations internationally.

Last year more than 11,000 control room employees supported the week across the world, from as far afield as Australia, India and the remote island of St Helena.

The campaign week involved 230 control rooms serving police, ambulance, fire and rescue, and coastguard services as well as airports, local authorities and utility companies.

Across the week, almost 7,000 posts about the campaign were shared from over 3,000 social media accounts, reaching almost 17 million people. The week also supported two mental health charities.

This year, for every mention of #UnsungHeroes across social media during the week, APD Communications will donate £1 to the Mind Charity and the Scottish Association for Mental Health.

APD reports that mental health calls into the control rooms are at an all-time high, volumes have grown by nearly a third since 2011-12.

The Blue Light Programme launched by Mind is designed to tackle the high level of mental health support needed within the emergency services.

Follow North Yorkshire Police on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter throughout the week where they will be shining a spotlight on their Force Control Room with the hashtag #NYorksFCR

North Yorkshire Police’s Force Control Room Manager Jane Larkin, who been the manager of the control room for the last 20 years, said:

“The Force Control Room really is the beating heart of North Yorkshire Police – it never stops and it takes a special kind of person to work in it.

“Our control room staff have to be ready to deal with situations on a daily basis that range from the unusual and unique to the most distressing and challenging. They have to think on their feet and take control - all whilst providing an excellent customer service to both the public, our colleagues and the many partners we work with and at the same time whilst ensuring our colleagues on the frontline are safe from harm.

“International Control Room week is an opportunity to highlight the extraordinary work and dedication from our heroes in headsets. I am extremely proud to have worked in the Control Room for so many years alongside a team of such dedicated colleagues and I’d like to take this opportunity to personally thank them for the difference they make in North Yorkshire each and every day.”

Posted on 19 October 2020 at 12:13pm in News stories
