```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-29T20:22:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It involved a black Vauxhall Astra driven by a 29-year-old man who was heading towards Hull, and a blue Honda Jazz driven by a 60-year-old woman who was heading in the direction of Malton. One of the occupants of the Honda Jazz, an 82-year-old woman, was taken to York District Hospital by ambulance where she [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Malton area serious collision appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/malton-area-serious-collision-appeal/
title: Malton area serious collision appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/malton-area-serious-collision-appeal/
```

Last modified: 29 July 2018 at 09:22pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious collision that occurred on the B1248 road near North Grimston, Malton, at around 5.30pm on Saturday (28 July 2018).

It involved a black Vauxhall Astra driven by a 29-year-old man who was heading towards Hull, and a blue Honda Jazz driven by a 60-year-old woman who was heading in the direction of Malton.

One of the occupants of the Honda Jazz, an 82-year-old woman, was taken to York District Hospital by ambulance where she remains in a serious but stable condition.

The stretch of road was closed for two hours while officers investigated the scene and to allow the safe recovery of the vehicles.

Local diversions were put in place by North Yorkshire Police.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicles prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we would like to speak to the occupants of two vehicles travelling in front of the Vauxhall Astra prior to the collision and also heading in the direction of Hull.

If you can help, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Leanne Anderson. You can also email Leanne.Anderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180138450.

Posted on 29 July 2018 at 09:22pm in News stories
