```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-25T16:23:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-25T16:19:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The latest incident happened on Mowbray Road at around 5pm on Friday 22 January 2021 as the woman, who is aged in her early 20s, was stood alone at the Mowbray Road/Turker Lane junction. The suspect approached the victim from behind and without warning sexually assaulted her before running off down Turker Lane in the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Northallerton: Police issue CCTV/dash-cam footage appeal following a further sexual assault on a woman - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-police-issue-cctv-dash-cam-footage-appeal-following-a-further-sexual-assault-on-a-woman/
title: 'Northallerton: Police issue CCTV/dash-cam footage appeal following a further sexual assault on a woman'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-police-issue-cctv-dash-cam-footage-appeal-following-a-further-sexual-assault-on-a-woman/
```

Last modified: 25 January 2021 at 04:23pm

Police are appealing for witnesses, information, dash-cam or household CCTV footage after a woman was sexually assaulted by a man in Northallerton - the third such incident reported over recent weeks.

The latest incident happened on Mowbray Road at around 5pm on Friday 22 January 2021 as the woman, who is aged in her early 20s, was stood alone at the Mowbray Road/Turker Lane junction.

The suspect approached the victim from behind and without warning sexually assaulted her before running off down Turker Lane in the direction of Brompton Road.

He is described as white, around 5ft 10in tall, slim build with a pale complexion. He was wearing a dark puffer jacket with a hoodie top with the hood up, and dark loose-fitting jogging bottoms.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident. In particular, we are keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area at the time or have vehicle dash-cam or home CCTV footage of the location.

Sergeant Nick Hill, of Northallerton Police, said “These incidents are extremely distressing to the female victims concerned. They can be assured, along with the wider community, that North Yorkshire Police is determined to arrest and prosecute those responsible for these offences.

"I urge women walking in the area alone to be extremely vigilant and be on the lookout for persons acting suspiciously. To maximise safety, walk with someone else if possible and stick to well-lit areas. Also consider having a personal alarm with you and a mobile phone, but please avoid prolonged use of electronic devices to enable you to remain alert to your surroundings.

"Anyone who has immediate concerns for their personal safety should contact police without delay by dialling 999”.

Anyone with information that could assist this investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Katy Ditchburn. You can also email katy.ditchburn@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12210035159.

Contact details:
 Katy Ditchburn \- #0787
Katy.Ditchburn@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30787
Incident reference:
 12210035159
Posted on 25 January 2021 at 04:19pm in Local appeals
