```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T14:17:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-04T14:17:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor injury collision that occurred on the A66 near Gilling West.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses after lorry driver fails to stop following collision on the A66 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-lorry-driver-fails-stop-following-collision-a66/
title: Appeal for witnesses after lorry driver fails to stop following collision on the A66
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-lorry-driver-fails-stop-following-collision-a66/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 02:17pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor injury collision that occurred on the A66 near Gilling West.

It happened at 6.50pm on Wednesday on 4 February 2015 and involved a red Honda Civic travelling on the east bound carriageway of the A66 at Gilling West.

An articulated goods vehicle carrying wooden pallets has crossed over from the west bound carriageway, turning right onto the eastbound, resulting in the Honda colliding with the trailer of the goods vehicle. The Honda then hit a fence before entering a field.

Police are appealing to the driver of the lorry to make contact as the vehicle failed to stop at the scene.

Thankfully the driver sustained minor injuries in what was potentially a serious collision.

The stretch of road was closed for two hours while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicle to be recovered.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the goods vehicle and request the driver involved to make contact.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Smith. You can also email Liam.Smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150019460

4 February 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150019460

Posted on 4 February 2015 at 02:17pm in News stories
