```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T16:19:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor collision that occurred in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a recent road traffic collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-road-traffic-collision/
title: Appeal following a recent road traffic collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-road-traffic-collision/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor collision that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened on Wreyfield Drive at around 6pm Sunday 2nd October 2016 and involved a motorbike and a white car. A number of other vehicles that were parked nearby have been damaged as a result of this collision.

It is believed that a male rider of the motorcycle was taken to Scarborough hospital with a foot injury. We would urge this male and the driver of the white car to come forward.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Lauren Green. You can also email lauren.green262@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160181563

Date 16th October 2016

***************************************

Contact details:
 Lauren Green \- #0262
lauren.green262@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160181563
Posted on 17 October 2016 at 04:19pm in Local appeals
