```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-03T10:37:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident happened at 11.30pm on Tuesday 2 July 2019 when the victim, a man in his sixties, was walking his dog. As he was walking his dog, he was punched in the face by a boy who is thought to be aged between 16-18 years old, who was in the company of two other [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a serious assault on Fulford Mews in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-serious-assault-on-fulford-mews-in-york/
title: Appeal following a serious assault on Fulford Mews in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-serious-assault-on-fulford-mews-in-york/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2019 at 11:37am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in Fulford Mews, York.

The incident happened at 11.30pm on Tuesday 2 July 2019 when the victim, a man in his sixties, was walking his dog.

As he was walking his dog, he was punched in the face by a boy who is thought to be aged between 16-18 years old, who was in the company of two other boys. Following the assault the three boys left the scene on bikes.

The offender is described as wearing a distinctive black t-shirt which had a large white logo on the front, which featured three letters.

The victim required hospital treatment and the injuries sustained may leave him with long-term damage to his vision.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and are seeking information which would lead to the identification of the offender.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information which could assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 0012 Benjamin Stevens. You can also email Benjamin.stevens@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190119655.

03/07/2019

Follow us on Twitter: @PC12NYP

Contact details:
 Ben Stevens \- #0012
benjamin.stevens@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30012
Incident reference:
 12190119655
Posted on 3 July 2019 at 11:37am in Local appeals
