```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-02T14:08:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-02T13:46:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; More than 600 professionals from City of York Council, North Yorkshire Police, the NHS Vale of York Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) and local health organisations have helped to update guidance which extends the city\u2019s coordinated approach to safeguarding. This threshold document clearly sets out for all agencies consistent safeguarding assessment levels, at what point [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/Thresholds-document-300x201.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'City of York: Safeguarding support for children updated and improved - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/city-of-york-safeguarding-support-for-children-updated-and-improved/
title: 'City of York: Safeguarding support for children updated and improved'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/city-of-york-safeguarding-support-for-children-updated-and-improved/
```

Last modified: 2 June 2020 at 03:08pm

Another step to further improve support for children and young people across the City of York has been taken.

More than 600 professionals from City of York Council, North Yorkshire Police, the NHS Vale of York Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) and local health organisations have helped to update guidance which extends the city’s coordinated approach to safeguarding.

This threshold document clearly sets out for all agencies consistent safeguarding assessment levels, at what point early help or intervention for a child or its family is needed, and the level or intensity of that help or intervention.

Published by City of York Safeguarding Children Partnership, the guidance builds on cross-city work already underway by York’s multi-agency safeguarding hub (MASH) which was set up in July 2019.

Reporting concerns about the neglect or abuse of a child is now done through the MASH and the updated contact details are:

 * Anyone who is concerned about the welfare of a child should contact the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub (MASH) on 01904 551900, Monday to Friday, 08:30-17:00, or you can email them at: mash@york.gov.uk
 * For out of office hours, weekends and on public holidays you can contact the emergency duty team (EDT) on 01609 780780 or email: edt@northyorks.gov.uk
 * Referrals can also be made online at https://www.saferchildrenyork.org.uk/concerned-about-a-child-or-young-person.htm
 * If a child or young person is at immediate risk of harm call the police on 999.

**Cllr Ian Cuthbertson, the council’s Executive Member for Children, Young People and Education** , said:

“The updated guidance from the Safeguarding Partnership and this new ability to co-ordinate responses to safeguarding concerns and issues via the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub will be vital resources for our city.

“Enabling everyone involved in safeguarding decisions to work more closely together, in a timely and consistent way, will help to ensure that our most vulnerable children, young people and families are protected from harm and abuse.

“I want to thank all our partners for their hard work and commitment to this, particularly with the additional challenges brought by the Coronavirus pandemic.”

**Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, from North Yorkshire Police,** said: “We are delighted to have been involved in the creation and development of the York Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub. The York MASH brings a true collaborative approach between social care, health and policing professionals, enabling a more focused review and assessment of children's safeguarding concerns in the city. This is done with many other partners who are involved with safeguarding children and young people.

"The updated guidance contained in the threshold document, the MASH referral form and the referral response form ensures that the correct level of service and support is consistently provided by the partner agencies.

"We are now collectively better-equipped to keep the young people of York and their families safe from harm. It also shows our continued determination to keep improving this vital and high-risk area of public service.”

**Michelle Carrington, Executive Director of Quality and Nursing, NHS Vale of York CCG,** said: **“** The updated guidance is a clear demonstration of the commitment we have for ensuring that our vulnerable children, young people and families are safeguarded – especially through these more challenging times.

“This builds on our multi-agency joined-up way of working which supports the sharing of information efficiently with key agencies working with children and families, to ensure we can provide the most appropriate support for those who need it effectively and in a timely manner.”

Posted on 2 June 2020 at 02:46pm in News stories
