```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-05T15:22:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In 33 of the 98 arrests made between 1 to 30\_June 2017 alone, drivers provided a reading of 70ug or more. Alarmingly, the operations results also show that nearly 10% of those arrested provided readings of 105ug and over, showing that the trend of drivers being multiple times the legal limit has continued through this [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A third of drink drivers arrested in June were at least DOUBLE the legal limit - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/third-drink-drivers-arrested-june-least-double-legal-limit/
title: A third of drink drivers arrested in June were at least DOUBLE the legal limit
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/third-drink-drivers-arrested-june-least-double-legal-limit/
```

Last modified: 5 July 2017 at 04:22pm

As Operation Attention, North Yorkshire Police’s campaign to stamp out drink and drug driving, comes to a close, police can reveal that a third of those arrested for drink driving were at least double the legal limit of 35ug of alcohol per 100ml of breath.

In 33 of the 98 arrests made between 1 to 30 June 2017 alone, drivers provided a reading of 70ug or more.

Alarmingly, the operations results also show that nearly 10% of those arrested provided readings of 105ug and over, showing that the trend of drivers being multiple times the legal limit has continued through this year’s summer campaign.

The highest reading of the campaign was provided by a 43-year-old man from Thirsk who blew 143ug. He is due to appear in front of Northallerton Magistrates on the 10 July 2017.

A total of 42 of those arrested have now been dealt with at court, with Magistrates ordering thousands of pounds worth of fines to be paid and 22 years’ worth of driving bans being handed down.

Thomas Benjamin Jameson, aged 28 of Hoxton Road, Scarborough appeared at Scarborough Magistrates on Monday 3 July 2017 and pleaded guilty to driving over the prescribed limit for alcohol.

Officers stopped Jameson at 3.30am on Sunday 18 June 2017 after his car was seen to clip the kerb. Jameson was asked to complete a road side breath test, which he failed. He was then take to Scarborough Police Station where he provided a reading of 114ug per 100ml of breath – just over three times the legal limit.

Magistrates ordered him to pay a total of £817 in fines and costs and he was banned from the roads for 28 months.

Speaking about the results of the campaign, Roads Policing Sgt Andy Morton said:

“Whilst the end of June marks the end of Operation Attention, be assured North Yorkshire Police remain committed all year round to getting drink and drug drivers off the road.

“The number of drivers we have arrested and prosecuted throughout June and the levels of alcohol we have found in some drivers systems only makes us more determined to use the resources we have available to identify, arrest and prosecute these irresponsible drivers.

“Once again I’d like to thank the members of the public who called us to report incidents of drink and drug driving, your support is invaluable and we appreciate your assistance.

“Even though the operation is over for this summer, my appeal remains the same – if you are aware of anyone drink or drug driving please report it to us. If it is happening at the time we want to know – please dial 999.

“Without the actions of those who picked up the phone and contacted us, who knows how many tragic events we may have had to attend to.”

Posted on 5 July 2017 at 04:22pm in News stories
