```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T16:34:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The cyclist was one of two travelling between Skipton and Rylstone at approximately 10:30hrs on Bank Holiday Monday 7th May 2018. It happened on the B6265 after the long straight from Skipton towards Rylsotne. The cyclist has sustained 3 broken vertebrae, a broken wrist and facial injuries, and he was taken by ambulance to Airedale [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after cyclist injured on B6265 between Skipton and Rylstone - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-to-accident-on-the-b6265-between-skipton-and-rylsone/
title: Appeal after cyclist injured on B6265 between Skipton and Rylstone
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-to-accident-on-the-b6265-between-skipton-and-rylsone/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2018 at 05:34pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an accident where a cyclist was badly injured after coming off is pedal bike when a vehicle got too close to him.

The cyclist was one of two travelling between Skipton and Rylstone at approximately 10:30hrs on Bank Holiday Monday 7th May 2018.

It happened on the B6265 after the long straight from Skipton towards Rylsotne. The cyclist has sustained 3 broken vertebrae, a broken wrist and facial injuries, and he was taken by ambulance to Airedale Hospital where he is still receiving treatment.

The cyclist was avoiding a green vehicle, possibly a Volkswagen Golf which was travelling in the same direction, and due to driving closely he took evasive action causing his bike to get stuck in a gavel rut at the side and he lost control. The cyclist came off his bike and hit a broken dry stone wall. Whilst his injuries are serious, he expected to make a full recovery in time.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.
In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone who saw a green VW Golf in the vicinity.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jane Carpenter. You can also email Jane.Carpenter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-07052018-0167

Contact details:
 Jane Carpenter \- #0188
jane.carpenter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30188
Incident reference:
 NYP-07052018-0167
Posted on 14 May 2018 at 05:34pm in Local appeals
