```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-05T11:31:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened\_ between 7.15pm and 7.45pm on Monday 28 October 2019 and involved around six males and females. A female present has been assaulted and has an injury to her right ear after been hit in the ear with a bunch of keys by one of the males involved. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-scarborough-5/
title: Appeal following assault in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-scarborough-5/
```

Last modified: 5 November 2019 at 11:31am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on the junction of Clifton Street and Castle Road in Scarborough.

It happened between 7.15pm and 7.45pm on Monday 28 October 2019 and involved around six males and females.

A female present has been assaulted and has an injury to her right ear after been hit in the ear with a bunch of keys by one of the males involved.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and to anyone with information that will help identify the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white male, aged 19 years old. He is around 5″4, slim build and has dark hair with blonde on top. He was wearing grey jogging bottoms, black and white Adidas trainers and a black leather jacket. One of the females involved was wearing a distinctive yellow puffer jacket, black leggings and has blonde hair.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Danielle Vidler You can also email Danielle.vidler@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190199308.

Contact details:
 Danielle Vidler \- #0648
danielle.vidler@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190199308
Posted on 5 November 2019 at 11:31am in Local appeals
