```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-17T13:50:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-17T13:49:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At about 11.45am on Wednesday 16 September 2020, officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Operation Expedite team were on proactive patrol in the area of Cross Hills, Skipton, when they stopped a taxi which was suspected of involvement in drugs supply offences. Two men, aged 25 and 20, were arrested from the taxi on suspicion of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/09/20200916_170419_resized-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three arrests and drugs seized after taxi stop in Craven - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrests-and-drugs-seized-after-taxi-stop-in-craven/
title: Three arrests and drugs seized after taxi stop in Craven
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrests-and-drugs-seized-after-taxi-stop-in-craven/
```

Last modified: 17 September 2020 at 02:50pm

Three people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences, after police intercepted a taxi near Skipton.

At about 11.45am on Wednesday 16 September 2020, officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Operation Expedite team were on proactive patrol in the area of Cross Hills, Skipton, when they stopped a taxi which was suspected of involvement in drugs supply offences.

Two men, aged 25 and 20, were arrested from the taxi on suspicion of class A drugs offences. A third man, aged 52, was arrested in Skipton later the same day, having been linked to the incident.

As a result of the arrests and subsequent searches, about 30 wraps of suspected heroin, cash, numerous phones, digital scales, deal bags and debt lists were recovered by police.

The three men have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

North Yorkshire Police’s Expedite teams focus on those involved in drug dealing, particularly ‘county lines’ – dealers travelling from outside of North Yorkshire to pedal drugs in our towns, often exploiting vulnerable and young people and forcing them to sell their drugs for them.

Tackling county lines drug dealing is a priority for North Yorkshire Police, and Expedite teams work proactively to prevent and detect drug dealing and associated offences. They also work to safeguard and protect those who are vulnerable and targeted by organised crime networks.

Your information is vital in helping us to do this. To find out more about how you can help and what to look out for, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/what-we-do/tackling-crime/county-lines-drug-dealing/.

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing in their area is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Posted on 17 September 2020 at 02:49pm in News stories
