```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-05-26T15:33:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 18 May 2020, North Yorkshire Police received a report that a cat had suffered injuries after its leg was caught in a spring trap in the Linton Falls area of Wharfedale. The cat is believed to have been caught in the untethered trap whilst out in the area and then made its way home [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning to pet owners after cat injured by spring trap in Linton Falls - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-pet-owners-after-cat-injured-by-spring-trap-in-linton-falls/
title: Warning to pet owners after cat injured by spring trap in Linton Falls
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-to-pet-owners-after-cat-injured-by-spring-trap-in-linton-falls/
```

Last modified: 26 May 2020 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police has urged the public to be vigilant for illegally set spring traps.

On 18 May 2020, North Yorkshire Police received a report that a cat had suffered injuries after its leg was caught in a spring trap in the Linton Falls area of Wharfedale. The cat is believed to have been caught in the untethered trap whilst out in the area and then made its way home with the trap still attached to its leg.

A spring trap is often used to catch rodents or other small wildlife species but must be sited within an artificial or natural tunnel with restrictions on the tunnel entrance so that only target species can be caught by the trap. The traps must also be tethered so that animals cannot leave the area with it still attached.

The trap appeared to be old and may have been in place for quite some time and at this stage, there have been no further reports of similar incidents in the area but pet owners are still asked to be vigilant. The cat has made a full recovery.

If you have any information or concerns about this incident then please contact PC Harry Carpenter at North Yorkshire Police by calling 101 or email: harry.carpenter@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you come across a spring trap which you believe is set illegally, take plenty of photos to show how it is set and where it is positioned and report this to the police on 101 with a grid reference if possible.

Full details on restrictions regarding the use of spring traps can be found at the British Association for Shooting and Conservation (BASC) website: https://basc.org.uk/game-and-gamekeeping/agreement-international-humane-trapping-standards-aihts/

Posted on 26 May 2020 at 04:33pm in News stories
