```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:32:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-02T14:31:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers had a busy night keeping people safe as the impact of Storm Henry affected North Yorkshire&#039;s roads.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police keep motorists safe as North Yorkshire feels the force of Storm Henry - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-keep-motorists-safe-north-yorkshire-feels-force-storm-henry/
title: Police keep motorists safe as North Yorkshire feels the force of Storm Henry
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-keep-motorists-safe-north-yorkshire-feels-force-storm-henry/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:32pm

Officers had a busy night keeping people safe as the impact of Storm Henry affected North Yorkshire's roads.

Police were called with more than ten reports of weather-related incidents in the 12 hours between 8pm on Monday 1 February and 8am this morning.

Calls to police included reports of:

 * A fallen tree blocking blocking the road, at Jacksons Lane, Scarborough, at 9.10pm. Police made the local authority aware.
 * A fallen lamp post on Scott Road, Selby, at 9.20pm. Officers attended to ensure it was safe and not a risk to the public.
 * A fallen tree at Topcliffe at 10.35pm, which had been removed by the time officers arrived.
 * A fallen tree at 10.45pm at Otley Road, Harrogate. Roads Policing Group officers attended to ensure it was safe, and the local authority were contacted to deal with it.
 * At 10.50pm, damage to a barn caused by wind at Newton on Rawcliffe, near Pickering.
 * At 11pm, a large tree down, causing damage to electricity cables, at Thornton Le Dale. Local officers attended to put up warning signs, and illuminate the scene. Electrical engineers were made aware.
 * At 11pm, a tree down at Deepdale Avenue, Scarborough. The local authority were made aware.
 * At 11.35pm, a road sign blown over and in the carriageway of the A168 at South Kilvington. Officers checked the area to ensure it was safe, but nothing was found.
 * A telephone wire down at 1.40am Aberford, near Leeds. Police informed BT engineers.
 * At 3.30am, a fallen tree on the B1228 near Elvington - the local authority was made aware.
 * At 8am, a broken road sign swinging in the wind at Victoria Road, Scarborough. Officers attended to check, and informed the local authority.

With high winds set to continue today, officers are urging motorists to take extra care on the roads. Anticipate gusts, particularly when driving through open areas; be aware of large vehicles, which may be affected by strong winds; and keep a firm grip on the steering wheel at all times.

North Yorkshire Police have also been sharing road safety advice and updates on Facebook and Twitter overnight and this morning, with the hashtag #StormHenry.

**2 February 2015**

Posted on 2 February 2016 at 02:31pm in News stories
