```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-11T15:13:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The Scarborough group recently took part in the Whitby Christmas light switch on and the spectacular lantern parade, where local school children and community groups showed off the amazing lanterns they had made, inspired by science, exploration and discovery. The cadets have also been busy hand making decorations, to adorn the North Yorkshire Police Christmas [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/xmas-tree-1-146x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police cadets get in the festive spirit - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-cadets-get-in-the-festive-spirit/
title: Police cadets get in the festive spirit
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-cadets-get-in-the-festive-spirit/
```

Last modified: 11 December 2019 at 03:13pm

The festive season has so far proved to be a very busy one for the Police Cadet groups based in Scarborough, Ryedale and Whitby.

The Scarborough group recently took part in the Whitby Christmas light switch on and the spectacular lantern parade, where local school children and community groups showed off the amazing lanterns they had made, inspired by science, exploration and discovery.

The cadets have also been busy hand making decorations, to adorn the North Yorkshire Police Christmas tree, which is currently on display in St Mary’s Church in Whitby, next door to the Abbey.

Each year, the church is decorated with Christmas trees donated by local community groups, schools, charities and businesses and this year sees the very first North Yorkshire Police tree.

The cadets have made each and every decoration on the tree. Each bauble has been hand crafted and carries a handy hint or tip to help people have a safe and happy Christmas.

Speaking about the work the cadets have put in, PCSO Kathryn Bean of the Rural Whitby Safer Neighbourhood Team said:

“I’m really proud of each and every one of our cadets. It’s been a really busy time of year for them and they have all worked really hard, thinking about the theme of the tree and then designing and making the decorations.

“They’ve shown great commitment throughout the year and I look forward to seeing what they achieve in 2020.”

Posted on 11 December 2019 at 03:13pm in News stories
