```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-01-18T10:42:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Lindsey replaces Superintendent Adam Thomson, who is taking up a secondment to a specialist national policing role, based in London. Lindsey\u2019s career at North Yorkshire Police started in 2004 as a response officer in the Selby District.\_ She was promoted to Sergeant on the response and then neighbourhood teams at York, where she worked predominantly [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/01/Lindsey-Robson-1024x1024.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New police Commander for York and Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-police-commander-york-selby/
title: New police Commander for York and Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-police-commander-york-selby/
```

Last modified: 18 January 2018 at 10:42am

Superintendent Lindsey Robson has taken up the post of Commander for York and Selby this week.

Lindsey replaces Superintendent Adam Thomson, who is taking up a secondment to a specialist national policing role, based in London.

Lindsey’s career at North Yorkshire Police started in 2004 as a response officer in the Selby District. She was promoted to Sergeant on the response and then neighbourhood teams at York, where she worked predominantly in the Acomb and Westfield areas. Her experience in the area also includes postings as custody officer at York, Neighbourhood Inspector at Selby and Force Incident Manager in the Force Control Room.

Most recently Lindsey has been Deputy Commander at Scarborough and Ryedale, where she helped to forge successful multi-agency working arrangements for the East Coast. She has also worked on a strategic development project for North Yorkshire Police as a whole.

Lindsey was selected for the post by a panel of stakeholders which included representatives from City of York Council, Selby District Council and York Minister, as well as the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police.

Speaking about the appointment, Chief Constable Dave Jones said: “The position of York Commander is a key one, and I am delighted that Lindsey Robson has been successful in securing the role. She has worked at almost every rank in York and Selby, so she understands the area, and brings a wealth of policing experience to the post. It is important that public services work together at local level to safeguard vulnerable people and tackle neighbourhood issues, and Lindsey’s strength in partnership working will stand her in good stead in her new job as Commander.

”I’d also like to congratulate Superintendent Adam Thomson, who has been appointed to a national policing role. It shows the calibre of the officers we have here at North Yorkshire Police that they can successfully compete against national competition to secure strategic national positions.”

Superintendent Lindsey Robson said: “I am excited to return to Fulford Road as Commander, to serve the people of York and Selby. It is something of a homecoming for me, having spent so many years of my service in this area, and I am looking forward to the challenges ahead.”

Mary Weastell, Chief Executive of City of York Council, who was on the interview panel, said “I’m delighted with Lindsey’s appointment as the new Commander for Selby and York and am looking forward to working in collaboration with her, continuing our strong partnership work with North Yorkshire Police.”

Julie Slatter, Director of Corporate Services and Commissioning at Selby District Council, who was also involved in the appointment process, said: “We look forward to welcoming Lindsey back to the Selby District. Having had the pleasure of being involved in the selection process I am confident that her local knowledge and policing experience will further strengthen our partnership working with North Yorkshire Police.”

Posted on 18 January 2018 at 10:42am in News stories
