```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T11:15:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-05T11:11:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Residents are being urged to have their say on police funding as seven out of ten respondents to a live survey say they want to increase the amount they pay to North Yorkshire&#039;s force.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/02/Logo-300x118.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Residents urged to have their say as seven out of ten say they want to increase their contribution to North Yorkshire policing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/residents-urged-say-seven-ten-say-want-increase-contribution-north-yorkshire-policing/
title: Residents urged to have their say as seven out of ten say they want to increase their contribution to North Yorkshire policing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/residents-urged-say-seven-ten-say-want-increase-contribution-north-yorkshire-policing/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 11:15am

Residents are being urged to have their say on police funding as seven out of ten respondents to a live survey say they want to increase the amount they pay to North Yorkshire's force.

People have just seven more days to take part in the consultation whose findings will play a key part in determining not only how much householders across the county will pay towards their police service, but also the on-the-ground service they receive.

North Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, is responsible for setting the local police 'precept' - the amount people pay through their council tax for policing.

She launched the survey to get residents' views on December 22. So far about 400 people have responded, and she is keen to hear back from more.

"Early this year, I will make a decision on how much people in North Yorkshire will pay for their police service over the next 12 months. It is extremely important that I hear people's views so that I can take them into consideration when I set the precept rate." said Julia.

"I need to hear back from as many people as possible; their views are vital and will influence my decision greatly. This effects every person living in our county so it is important."

Some 55 per cent of North Yorkshire Police's funding comes from the Government. But the remaining 45 per cent is raised locally and is paid for by residents through their council tax. It is this local funding - called the 'police precept' - that Julia wants residents' views on.

This year the Government has protected the police from further cuts, but on the assumption that Police and Crime Commissioners will raise local precepts by about two per cent. Therefore not doing so would result in a cash cut of about £1.2m to the police service locally.

Residents can fill out the very short survey on the Commissioner's website - _http://www.northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk/precept/_ .

In the survey, residents can choose if they want to:

• Freeze the precept - meaning no more to pay locally, but harder for the police to deliver services and balance the books

• Increase it by 1.99 per cent - in order to raise just over £1.2 million for next year and subsequent years, but avoid a costly local referendum, or

• Increase it by more than two per cent - which could raise more money, but would mean at least £700,000 would need to be spent on a referendum on the proposals.

The survey closes on Tuesday January 12 and so far:

• 63 per cent of residents want to increase the precept by 1.99 per cent

• six per cent want to increase it by more than two per cent, and

• 31 per cent want to freeze the precept.

Commenting on the consultation, Julia Mulligan said: "North Yorkshire is the safest place in England and our police do a good job. But like everywhere, we have our challenges. .

"The government has assumed a precept rise of 1.99 per cent in all their calculations, which means freezing the precept would make it harder to deliver policing services and balance the books.

"But most importantly, given recent funding announcements, I want to know what residents think - whether they want to freeze local funding or increase it. Please let me know your view before the 12th of January by completing the very sort survey on my website."

Julia Mulligan has also produced a leaflet explaining the decisions available to residents and informing them how they can let Julia know their views. The deadline for comments is 12th January.

To make your choice heard, complete the online questionnaire on our website, at _http://www.northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk/precept/_ where you can also find out more the police precept and download a leaflet and questionnaire.

You can also have your say by:

• Calling: 01423 569 562

• Emailing: _pcc@northyorkshire-pcc.gov.uk_ or

• Writing to: FREEPOST RTCL-AGAE-TRTS, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, 12 Granby Road, Harrogate, HG1 4ST.

Posted on 5 January 2016 at 11:11am in News stories
