```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-04T13:42:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging owners of Land Rover Defenders to be on their guard against vehicle thieves, particularly in rural areas.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Land_Rover_Defender_front_20070518.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vigilance urged as thieves target Land Rovers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-urged-as-thieves-target-land-rovers/
title: Vigilance urged as thieves target Land Rovers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-urged-as-thieves-target-land-rovers/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police are urging owners of Land Rover Defenders to be on their guard against vehicle thieves, particularly in rural areas.

The warning comes after a number of thefts and attempted thefts involving the vehicles in North Yorkshire.

· An attempted theft of a Land Rover was reported in Gargrave, overnight 26 / 27 February. The vehicle was found down the street, having been stopped by an immobiliser.

· A twin cab green Land Rover, registration number YC62 WTG, was stolen from Ickornshaw, near Cowling, in the early hours of 23 February. Anyone with information on its whereabouts should call 101 and ask for PC James Dykes, quoting reference number 12150029982.

· There have also been attempted thefts just over the border in other police force areas.

Police are appealing to owners to be vigilant around keeping these types of vehicles as safe and secure as possible, and are also asking members of the public to report any suspicious activity involving Land Rovers.

PC Clare Mayes, of Thirsk and Easingwold Police, said: "I am urging Land Rover owners to be on their guard, and ensure they have adequate security measures in place - and of course this advice applies to any make of vehicle.

"Land Rovers should always be locked and alarmed. Park in a locked garage or other locked secure area, or in a well-lit open space or where there is passive lighting. Don't leave keys in the ignition or near the front door at home.

"Consider also fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device, and etching all windows with your vehicle identification number. In addition, if your Land Rover is over ten years old, fit an alarm and either fit an immobiliser or use a steering wheel lock."

Posted on 4 March 2015 at 01:42pm in News stories
