```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-18T15:07:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The two incidents took place in the area around North Street near to the Park Inn \u2013 an area with a popular late-night bar and club scene. \_Detectives have already said they want to trace a man and a woman who were in the area at the time and may have important information. \_As part [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Revellers and bar staff could share clues to York sexual assault investigations - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/revellers-bar-staff/
title: Revellers and bar staff could share clues to York sexual assault investigations
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/revellers-bar-staff/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Late-night revellers and bar staff may hold vital clues in the investigation into two sexual assaults in York, detectives said today.

The two incidents took place in the area around North Street near to the Park Inn – an area with a popular late-night bar and club scene.

Detectives have already said they want to trace a man and a woman who were in the area at the time and may have important information.

As part of their investigations, police are today continuing to gather and review CCTV and carry out enquiries in the area.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson, who is leading the investigation, said: “At the times these incidents happened, and in that part of the city, there’s a good chance bar and door staff were clocking off or having a break, or revellers were making their way home after a night out.

“I’d appeal to these people in particular to carefully jog their memories of the dates in question – the early hours of July 13 and 15.

“Think about whether you saw anything that could help our investigations – a man matching the description of the attacker, someone behaving strangely or someone who could have been in distress.

“It may seem insignificant to you – but it could be vital to us.”

A woman was sexually assaulted after leaving a city centre nightclub in the early hours of Thursday, 13 July 2017.

Police are still investigating the exact circumstances of events surrounding the incident including the precise location of the attack.

In a second incident, a woman was sexually assaulted as she walked along the riverside path between Bridge Street and the Park Inn between 12.30 to 12.45am on Saturday, July 15 2017.

Her attacker is described as in his 30s, and around 5ft 6ins to 5ft 7ins. He had a shaved head with a prominent hairline. He was wearing a dark jacket, dark trousers and white trainers and had a bike with white colouring.

After the attack a man and woman, who police believe are not connected to the incident, walked past the victim near a walled garden area next to the Park Inn. Officers are keen to trace these people, as they believe they may have important information.

Detectives are still working to establish whether there is a link between the two assaults.

DI Pearson added: “If you go out at night always take precautionary steps to stay safe, such as staying with friends, sticking to well-lit streets and being aware of who is around you.

"As ever, I’d remind anyone who’s going out in York or any other town or city centre to always keep this advice in mind and if you feel uncomfortable or threatened by a situation, head for a safe place or dial 999 in an emergency.”

Anyone with information about either incident is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Please quote incident number 12170122739 when passing on information about the first incident or 12170124262 when passing on information about the second.

Posted on 18 July 2017 at 04:07pm in News stories
