```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-16T09:18:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at 10.30am on Thursday 12 April 2018\_ when the victim, a 32-year-old local woman,\_was stood at the bus stop. She was approached by a man\_on a bicycle who told her to give him a cigarette. He grabbed her by the right forearm and told her\_to give him her mobile phone. The First York [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-5/
title: Appeal following assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-5/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Cornlands Road in York.

It happened at 10.30am on Thursday 12 April 2018 when the victim, a 32-year-old local woman, was stood at the bus stop.

She was approached by a man on a bicycle who told her to give him a cigarette. He grabbed her by the right forearm and told her to give him her mobile phone.

The First York number 4 bus then arrived and the victim got on. She was uninjured and did not lose any of her property during the incident.

At this time no arrests have been made.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the male suspect.

He is described as white, approximately 5ft 6in tall, dark-brown shaggy hair with a bit of a fringe which didn't reach his eyebrows, skinny build, a gaunt face which shows his cheekbones, dark eyebrows and brown staining on his teeth as if he was a heavy smoker.

He was wearing a white Superdry jacket with blue jeans which had a rip in them, which the victim thinks was on the left knee, and brown leather-style shoes. He spoke with a local York accent and he was riding a black battered mountain bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Andrew Copeland. You can also email Andrew.Copeland@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180061935.

Contact details:
 Leon Dryden \- #0090
Andrew.Copeland@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30090
Incident reference:
 12180061935
Posted on 16 April 2018 at 10:18am in Local appeals
