```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-09T11:09:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-09T10:43:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; My Dad was a Police Officer with the North Riding Constabulary between January 1958 and April 1968. In April 1968 he transferred to Teesside Constabulary which subsequently became Cleveland Constabulary in 1974. He retired in 1991 as a Sergeant when he also received the Queens Honour of the British Empire Medal (BEM). Maybe because [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/01/Capture.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Looking back at my pocket notebook my first day was Tuesday 5 May 1987 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/looking-back-pocket-notebook-first-day-tuesday-5-may-1987/
title: Looking back at my pocket notebook my first day was Tuesday 5 May 1987
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/looking-back-pocket-notebook-first-day-tuesday-5-may-1987/
```

Last modified: 9 January 2017 at 11:09am

DC Kevan Howe has recently retired from North Yorkshire Police following over 30 years of service. Here he tells us what made him want to join the police, how he very nearly didn’t make it into the police because of his height, his first major case and what he’s going to be doing with his spare time now he’s retired.

My Dad was a Police Officer with the North Riding Constabulary between January 1958 and April 1968. In April 1968 he transferred to Teesside Constabulary which subsequently became Cleveland Constabulary in 1974. He retired in 1991 as a Sergeant when he also received the Queens Honour of the British Empire Medal (BEM).

Maybe because of Dad being a Police Officer and his influence I always wanted to join the Police. Unfortunately when I left college in 1983 I wasn’t tall enough to be a Policeman. If memory serves me right you had to be a minimum of 5’8” or maybe even 5’10” to join the Police at that time.

On leaving college I got a clerical job working for the Yorkshire Regional Health Authority in Harrogate. I worked there for three and a half years and during this time I grew. As soon as I reached the minimum height I applied to join North Yorkshire Police.

I completed my standardised entrance test for all forces at Newby Wiske mid-1986. I passed and following various other phases of the recruitment process was invited to a final two day assessment course at Newby Wiske late 1986.

I was successful in getting through the final assessment and my service commenced on Monday 5 January 1987. I did my Police training at the Northern Police Training Centre, Aykley Heads, Durham. I think this was only the second training course through Aykley Heads as Police training had just moved from the Police Training Centre at Dishforth.

My training lasted 16 weeks. The training was classroom based knowledge of the law, practical/scenario exercises conducted in and around the training centre and physical training, aikido, swimming and cross country running. I passed my training course and returned to force to complete a local procedures course. It was during this time that I was informed that I was to be posted to Stokesley.

I can’t specifically remember my first day but having looked at my pocket notebook it was Tuesday 5th May 1987, 2200 x 0600hrs night shift at Stokesley.

What I remember very clearly is that just over a week into my service the body of Barry Oldham was found on Clay Bank, Great Broughton near Stokesley and a murder enquiry was launched. The incident room was situated at Stokesley Police Station and on Thursday 14th May 1987 I got drafted into the incident room as a tea boy. The experience I gained over the weeks and months working in and around senior detective officers, senior Police officers and HOLMES room staff was invaluable and was probably the reason why from that point onwards I always wanted to pursue a career in CID.

Investigating crime is and has always been the favourite part of the job for me. I went onto CID as an Aide in mid-1989 after doing two years in uniform. I’ve been in plain clothes for the rest of my career either in CID or Intelligence. I completed my CID Course in 1990 at Bishopsgarth, West Yorkshire.

I’ve been fortunate to have been an investigator on many major incidents including the 1992 David Hall murder; the 1997 blackmail/product contamination at Tesco’s; the 1997 Singh Murder; the 2001 Great Heck train disaster; the 2001/2002 body in a suitcase murder on A64, York; and the 2005 London Bombings..

I think the hardest part of the job is delivering a death message, particularly when the death of an individual is unexpected or it concerns a baby or small child, it’s particularly emotive.

The highlight of my career has to be working on the 2012 London Olympics. I worked as an intelligence officer in the National Olympic Coordination Centre (NOCC), New Scotland Yard from May until September 2012. From the NOCC we covered the Olympic Torch Relay nationwide, the Olympics and the Paralympics. I have many fantastic memories of my time spent down in London during the Olympics.

I’ve represented the force at Football and golf and including playing football for the Regional Police team. I was the force golf champion (early in my career but not sure which year!)

The police has provided me with an unbelievable working experience. I’m not sure that the way the Police service operates now can afford the individual the opportunities that have presented themselves to me in my career.

Because of the way the Police service operates now I’m not sure that I would actively encourage anybody to join but equally I would encourage anyone interested in becoming a Police Officer to go for it, and refer to all the positive aspects of the job that I have found so rewarding over the years.

It worries me that there seems to be an emphasis nationally on recruiting student officers with degrees as I have decent qualifications but I didn’t go to university, preferring to start work after leaving college instead.

There are three main things you need to be a competent, decent Police Officer. Firstly you need to be able to communicate with anyone and “level” with anyone who you come into contact with. I’ve had a motto above my desk for the last 15 years, it says “Communication Is The Key!”

Without communication or the ability to communicate you haven’t got anything. Along with communicative skills you also need to have a deal of common sense and bags of enthusiasm. If you have these three things you won’t go far wrong. Having a degree guarantees nothing.

Now that I’m retired I’ve got a little part time job lined up, 20hrs/week at a social club that is located just near where I live in Normanby, Middlesbrough. In addition to this I intend to try and lower my golf handicap from 11.4 as it currently stands down to single figures and continue to keep myself fit by doing a few extra sessions in the gym.

**Image captions**

Top: Like father, like son - DC Kevan Howe stands in uniform on his last day in the same spot at Police HQ where his dad, Peter Howe, stood in the late 50s when he first joined North Yorkshire Police.

Middle: Where it all began - DC Kevan Howe at training school at the Northern Police Training Centre, Aykley Heads, Durham in 1987.

Bottom: Getting his hands dirty - DC Kevan Howe keeps one of the undercover police cars clean during the early days of his career

Posted on 9 January 2017 at 10:43am in News stories
