```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-24T12:44:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The initiative, known as Operation Collaborate, is designed to increase police visibility in response to feedback from the public who want to see more police in their communities. The operation forms part of the York Neighbourhood Policing Team\u2019s commitment to those areas that perhaps don\u2019t see police officers or police community support officers (PCSOs) as [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York police step up visibility in response to local community - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-step-visibility-response-local-community/
title: York police step up visibility in response to local community
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-step-visibility-response-local-community/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Residents in York can expect to see a greater police presence in the area as neighbourhood policing officers attend a host of community events across the city and carry out proactive patrols.

The initiative, known as Operation Collaborate, is designed to increase police visibility in response to feedback from the public who want to see more police in their communities.

The operation forms part of the York Neighbourhood Policing Team’s commitment to those areas that perhaps don’t see police officers or police community support officers (PCSOs) as often as some other areas.

The idea is to speak to local people, get to know what the issues are in their neighbourhood, and be as visible and engaging as possible while we’re out on patrol.

Fixed dates and times will be arranged and police will attend various locations including local coffee mornings, libraries, and play groups.

Inspector Lee Pointon of York Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “It’s an opportunity for the members of the community who may feel they don’t see us enough, to know that we will be in their area on a fixed date at a fixed time.

“Where and how we engage will be down to local people and whether they contact us in advance.

“We will pop into local coffee mornings, coffee shops, play groups, libraries or other community buildings, and we can also arrange talks to larger groups about crime prevention.

“We want to reassure local people that we are still here, still visible and still working to keep them as safe as possible.”

Patrols start this month (November 2017) and will run through to June 2018. Officers will also be offering dot peen property marking to anyone who would like it.

The Dot Peen property marking system enables the police to etch a unique reference number onto a range of items, which includes the postcode of the owner. This acts as a deterrent to potential theft, and will also help to recover stolen property if it’s found.

All items marked will be listed on a national database, which means that if they are stolen and are recovered elsewhere, the owner can be easily identified.

Anyone who would like to arrange a visit from their local officers should email SNAYorkNorth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 24 November 2017 at 12:44pm in News stories
