```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-29T11:34:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York Neighbourhood Policing Team developed Operation Cordial to tackle a pattern of burglaries occurring within the same street. As well as revisiting attacked premises to offer crime prevention advice, the team provided community reassurance by visiting every address within the street, to offer support and guidance on keeping their properties safe and ensuring that steps [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Cordial reduces burglaries in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-cordial-reduces-burglaries-york/
title: Operation Cordial reduces burglaries in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-cordial-reduces-burglaries-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Operation Cordial, an initiative to respond to burglaries in York, has helped to reduce the number of burglaries at houses by 21%* since it was introduced in July 2017.

York Neighbourhood Policing Team developed Operation Cordial to tackle a pattern of burglaries occurring within the same street. As well as revisiting attacked premises to offer crime prevention advice, the team provided community reassurance by visiting every address within the street, to offer support and guidance on keeping their properties safe and ensuring that steps are taken to make life difficult for criminals.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Operation Cordial has been a great success in York and we continue to provide reassurance and support to our communities. Over 200 separate items have been marked using the dot peen service, a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number and over 100 residents have signed up to the North Yorkshire Police Community Messaging service so they can receive updates regarding crime and police activity in the area.

“By offering advice surgeries to the public in targeted areas and promoting other successful crime prevention tools, we can educate members of the public on how to protect their property as well as deterring would-be criminals.”

All dot peen marked items will be listed on a national database, which means that if they are stolen and are recovered elsewhere, the owner can be easily identified.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free service that allows residents to register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news for their local neighbourhood. It is used by more than 20,000 people across York and North Yorkshire. Sign up via: https://www.northyorkshirecommunitymessaging.org/.

*Based on figures from the same period in 2016 from July to November.

Posted on 29 November 2017 at 11:34am in News stories
