```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-08T14:59:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Princes Drive, Skipton, towards the Kingsway end of the Drive, between Saturday 6 October and today. An attempt was made to force a rear window to the property and a window was smashed, although no entry was gained. A security light covering the rear of the property had its wires cut putting [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following attempt burglary in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-attempt-burglary-in-skipton/
title: Witness appeal following attempt burglary in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-attempt-burglary-in-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted house burglary in Skipton.

It happened on Princes Drive, Skipton, towards the Kingsway end of the Drive, between Saturday 6 October and today.

An attempt was made to force a rear window to the property and a window was smashed, although no entry was gained. A security light covering the rear of the property had its wires cut putting the rear of the house in darkness.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from any local resident who may have seen or heard anything suspicious over that weekend in particular any vehicles or people who may have been out of place at that location.

PC Richard Sutcliffe would also be interested to hear from anyone who has noticed items moved in their rear gardens towards Kingsway end of Princes Drive as he believes offenders may have crossed rear gardens from one property to another.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email Richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180187969

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31728
Incident reference:
 12180187969
Posted on 8 October 2018 at 03:59pm in Local appeals
