```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-26T16:45:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-24T12:18:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: FIRST INCIDENT North Yorkshire Police were called at approximately 10.45am on Sunday 24 September 2017, to reports of a collision at Oliver&#8217;s Mount circuit in Scarborough. A number of spectators have been injured and taken to hospital, including one seriously injured. The rider of the motorcycle was treated at the scene. We will provide further [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UPDATED Collisions at Oliver&#039;s Mount in Scarborough, 24 September 2017 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/collision-olivers-mount-scarborough/
title: UPDATED Collisions at Oliver's Mount in Scarborough, 24 September 2017
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/collision-olivers-mount-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 26 September 2017 at 05:45pm

Police were called to two separate collisions at Oliver's Mount racing circuit in Scarborough during a race meeting on 24 September 2017.

**FIRST INCIDENT**

North Yorkshire Police were called at approximately 10.45am on Sunday 24 September 2017, to reports of a collision at Oliver's Mount circuit in Scarborough.

A number of spectators have been injured and taken to hospital, including one seriously injured.

The rider of the motorcycle was treated at the scene.

We will provide further information when we are able.

UPDATE: Six spectators were injured, including one seriously. Three were taken to hospital - two to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough and one to Scarborough District Hospital. Three were treated at the scene. The rider of the bike was also taken to Scarborough District Hospital and later discharged.

##### **SECOND INCIDENT**

Police were called to a second collision at Oliver's Mount circuit at around 1.45pm on Sunday 24 September 2017.

There are a number of casualties.

We will provide further information when we are able.

**UPDATE** : Six spectators were injured, including two seriously. One was taken to James Cook Hospital and three were taken to Scarborough District Hospital. Two were treated at the scene. The rider of the bike was checked at the scene.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**UPDATE 10am 25 September:** Five casualties remain in hospital, two from the first incident and three from the second. All the injured are men from various parts of the country.

**UPDATE 12.30pm 25 September** : Another man has been discharged from hospital. Four casualties remain in hospital, including one who is expected to be released later today.

**UPDATE 3.30pm 26 September:** Three casualties remain in hospital where they are receiving treatment for serious injuries. They include a man in his sixties from Derbyshire who was injured in the first incident, a man in his thirties from Derbyshire and a man in his forties from Cheshire, who were both injured during the second incident.

Posted on 24 September 2017 at 01:18pm in News stories
