```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-01T13:39:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-01T12:16:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The &#8220;Tweetathon&#8221; is designed to give an insight into the work of the force and the number and type of incidents it&#8217;s called about. Corporate Communications staff will be hosting the event\_as\_part of\_a campaign to\_show the current demand placed on the force and\_help people understand why\_some incidents are prioritised above others. They will also be [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Behind the scenes with #NYP247 Tweetathon - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/behind-the-scenes-with-nyp247-tweetathon/
title: 'Behind the scenes with #NYP247 Tweetathon'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/behind-the-scenes-with-nyp247-tweetathon/
```

Last modified: 1 August 2018 at 02:39pm

Friday 3 August 2018 will see North Yorkshire Police tweet information about every incident that is called into the Force Control Room over a 24-hour period.

#### The "Tweetathon" is designed to give an insight into the work of the force and the number and type of incidents it's called about.

#### Corporate Communications staff will be hosting the event as part of a campaign to show the current demand placed on the force and help people understand why some incidents are prioritised above others.

#### They will also be highlighting inappropriate calls that are not police matters.

#### A force spokeswoman said: "We have seen a huge growth in Twitter followers over the years with more and more officers and teams taking to social media to give an insight into their work. It's now become an important channel of communication whether it's to warn and inform during times of crisis, to support an investigation or to simply help people understand what we do.

#### "We last held a Tweetathon in 2013 which was very well received by members of the public. Now that we are seeing an unprecedented increase in demand for service, we feel that now is the right time to hold another, both to give an insight into what that demand looks like and to help people understand what is a police matter and what isn't.

#### "People also find police work interesting, and as a public service, we need to demonstrate why we do what we do. Reassuring the people of North Yorkshire that we are here for them 24 hours a day is also important, as is helping them understand that you might not see us all of the time, and there may be a reason why we can't get to you straight away, but we are here for you, and will provide the best service we can.

#### "Anyone calling us during the period of the Tweetathon can be reassured that the information released will be sanitised and nothing will be released that could identify them."

#### The force last took part in a Tweetathon in 2013 when it joined a global event involving police forces across the world.

#### **To follow the Tweetathon**

#### Follow: @NYorksPolice

#### Time: 9am 3 August 2018

#### We'll be using #NYP247 #Behindthescenes

#### **To find out more about how the force prioritises incidents, click here to read about the THRIVE process**

Posted on 1 August 2018 at 01:16pm in News stories
