```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-28T13:14:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police were called on the morning of Sunday 27 November by a vigilant member of the public, with a report of suspicious activity on land at Cliffe, near Selby. Officers attended immediately, and arrested three men on suspicion of poaching and criminal damage to crops. Three dogs were taken to kennels to be cared for, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Men arrested, dogs and 4x4 seized after Selby poaching report - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/men-arrested-dogs-4x4-seized-selby-poaching-report/
title: "Men arrested, dogs and 4\xD74 seized after Selby poaching report"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/men-arrested-dogs-4x4-seized-selby-poaching-report/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Three suspected poachers have been arrested and told to stay away from North Yorkshire, as the force’s crackdown on rural crime continues.

Police were called on the morning of Sunday 27 November by a vigilant member of the public, with a report of suspicious activity on land at Cliffe, near Selby.

Officers attended immediately, and arrested three men on suspicion of poaching and criminal damage to crops. Three dogs were taken to kennels to be cared for, and a Subaru Forester was also seized at the scene. One of the men was further arrested on suspicion of obstructing police, for providing incorrect details in custody.

The men, aged 26, 30 and 30, were subsequently released on bail, as police enquiries continue, with bail conditions not to enter North Yorkshire.

This week, North Yorkshire Police launched its “Call it in” campaign, urging residents to note down and report any suspicious activity in remote or isolated areas. Particularly in rural parts of the county, local communities can act as the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police, allowing officers to respond to crime wherever it occurs.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Local residents are the best people to recognise when something is not quite right – and if that’s the case, we’d like to hear about it. Please report anything suspicious to the police using the 101 phone number, or 999 in an emergency. Even if it doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of information helps us build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice.”

Posted on 28 November 2016 at 01:14pm in News stories
