```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-02-20T14:11:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 3.30pm on Tuesday 19 February 2019, North Yorkshire Police received several calls about two men going door-to-door in a &#8216;no cold calling&#8217; area in Carlton, Selby. One caller was particularly concerned as she did not feel they were genuine, and there were elderly residents living in the area. Officers and PCSOs from Selby Neighbourhood [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/02/PCSO-Chris-Whitehorn-and-PCSO-Caroline-Saville-talking-to-residents-in-a-No-Cold-Calling-Zone-in-Selby.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Court summons for men after vigilant residents report door-to-door sellers to police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/court-summons-for-men-after-vigilant-residents-report-door-to-door-sellers-to-police/
title: Court summons for men after vigilant residents report door-to-door sellers to police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/court-summons-for-men-after-vigilant-residents-report-door-to-door-sellers-to-police/
```

Last modified: 20 February 2019 at 02:11pm

Two men have been reported for summons after vigilant residents reported suspicious cold-calling activity to the police.

At 3.30pm on Tuesday 19 February 2019, North Yorkshire Police received several calls about two men going door-to-door in a 'no cold calling' area in Carlton, Selby.

One caller was particularly concerned as she did not feel they were genuine, and there were elderly residents living in the area.

Officers and PCSOs from Selby Neighbourhood Policing Team responded to the calls immediately, and carried out an area search. They quickly located two men, who were requested to show pedlar's certificates (a certificate that allows a person to trade whilst on foot), but failed to do so.

The two men, both aged 24 and from Middlesbrough, have been reported for summons for failing to show a pedlar's certificate when requested.

Earlier this month residents were warned to be vigilant after a number of concerning incidents involving doorstep traders and bogus officials across Selby district, including in Tadcaster and Eggborough. Extra police patrols were carried out, and vulnerable residents were visited by local officers, to remind them of the risks associated with cold-callers, and to help improve their home security.

Speaking at the time, Inspector Martin Wedgwood, of Selby Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Distraction burglars and bogus callers take advantage of people's trust in a callous way, and trick them out of money or steal from them. The impact that these criminals can have on their victims is devastating.

"Officers and PCSOs across the district have been conducting high-visibility patrols, providing crime prevention advice, and ensuring victims are safeguarded.

"I'm also appealing directly to people with older or vulnerable friends, relative or neighbours, to help us by making sure they understand the dangers of cold callers.

"The message is simple – if you're not sure who is at your door, don't open it. Instead, call a neighbour or friend to come along and check them out. Don't let cold callers pressure or confuse you. A genuine caller will happily wait outside while you check on them by calling their organisation or a friend or neighbour."

For more information about distraction burglary and rogue trading – including case studies, videos and crime prevention advice which you can share with friends and family – visit the North Yorkshire Police website at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/boguscallers

People should report cases of rogue traders or uninvited doorstep callers to Citizens Advice Consumer Service on 03454 04 05 06.

Anyone with information that could lead to the arrest of any doorstep offender or rogue trader should ring North Yorkshire Police on 101 or call Crimestoppers, the national charity, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

A pedlar's certificate is a certificate that allows a person to trade (often selling trinkets, household goods and other hand made objects) whilst on foot. Pedlars can travel from door to door, place to place, or town to town. It is the means by which a pedlar trades that distinguishes a pedlar from a licensed street trader. The means of a pedlar are mobile, whereas the means of a street trader are static (i.e. they have a fixed stall). However, having a pedlar's certificate is in no way an indication that the goods for sale are of merchantable quality.

Posted on 20 February 2019 at 02:11pm in News stories
