```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:16:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T16:24:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On the evening of Friday 4th May 2018, a burglary has occurred whereby a silver 4&#215;4 vehicle containing 5 people has gained access to a secure yard in Pen Court on Standard Way, Northallerton. The occupants\_have exited the vehicle and gained access to the enclosed yard between the hours of approximately 21:41 to 22:18, during [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Northallerton burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-14/
title: Appeal following Northallerton burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-burglary-14/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:16am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that has occurred on Standard Way, Northallerton on the evening of Friday 4th May 2018.

On the evening of Friday 4th May 2018, a burglary has occurred whereby a silver 4×4 vehicle containing 5 people has gained access to a secure yard in Pen Court on Standard Way, Northallerton. The occupants have exited the vehicle and gained access to the enclosed yard between the hours of approximately 21:41 to 22:18, during which time a search is carried out and a number of items removed, including a trailer and generator. The vehicle has then left the site towing the trailer.

We are requesting the public’s assistance in reporting seeing anything suspicious. In particular, we are appealing to local businesses to check their CCTV, to help us establish the identity of the vehicle.

Three of these persons are seen to be wearing green wellingtons on what was a hot weekend.
One was wearing a light coloured hoody
Three in all dark clothing
One in a dark top and lighter coloured bottoms

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Karen Mitson. You can also email: karen.mitson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180081155

Contact details:
 Karen Mitson \- #0521
karen.mitson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30521
Incident reference:
 12180081155
Posted on 14 May 2018 at 05:24pm in Local appeals
