```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-06T15:26:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a collision that occurred on Foss Island Road in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following collision in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-collision-york/
title: Appeal following collision in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-collision-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a collision that occurred on Foss Island Road in York.

It happened at 5.50pm on Friday 27 October 2017 and involved a black car colliding with an 18 year old man, causing him to fall off his cycle. The black vehicle then drove off from the scene.

The cyclist sustained a broken jaw and cuts and bruising from the collision. He attended York Hospital on the evening and has now been discharged following treatment.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the vehicle and driver involved in the collision.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

The suspected driver has been described as a white man in his 30's, approximately 5ft 8″ with dark hair and unshaven. At the time of the incident it is thought he was wearing dark clothing. The vehicle is described as a black car.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Harriet Shillito. You can also email harriet.shillito@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170193100

Date 05 November 2017

Contact details:
 Harriet Shillito \- #0603
harriet.shillito@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30603
Incident reference:
 12170193100
Posted on 6 November 2017 at 03:26pm in Local appeals
