```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-23T11:52:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The independent charity Crimestoppers has offered a reward of up to \xA31,000 for information relating to an aggravated burglary in Harrogate."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Crimestoppers reward offered in Harrogate aggravated burglary investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crimestoppers-reward-offered-in-harrogate-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
title: Crimestoppers reward offered in Harrogate aggravated burglary investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crimestoppers-reward-offered-in-harrogate-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

The independent charity Crimestoppers has offered a reward of up to £1,000 for information relating to an aggravated burglary in Harrogate.

An elderly couple were tied up by masked men who broke into their home on South Park Road at sometime between 6.15pm and 7pm on Tuesday 20 January 2015.

The men, who were wearing masks and hoods covering their faces, stole around £200 in cash and some jewellery.

Once the men had left the property, the victims managed to untie themselves and contacted their daughter who called the police.

The victims suffered minor injuries to their hands and wrists in the incident.

Gemma Wilson, Crimestoppers Regional Manager, said "This was a terrifying ordeal for the elderly couple to go through and those who committed this crime must be brought to justice.

"We would urge anybody who knows any information to come forward to help. If you don't want to speak to the police, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously, we are not part of the police, but we can take the information you know and pass it on to them.

"If you don't wish to talk to anybody, you can use our anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

Detectives are continuing their enquiries into the incident and are urging anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Bill Burns, of Harrogate police, said: "This was clearly a very frightening experience for the elderly victims and they have been left extremely shaken.

"It is important that we trace the people responsible for the incident and I am urging anyone with information to get in touch as soon as possible.

"I am grateful to Crimestoppers for offering the reward and I hope that it prompts someone to do the right thing and share any information they have with us."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Harrogate CID.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150011129 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 23 January 2015 at 11:52am in News stories
