```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-29T09:31:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-22T12:51:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Featuring representatives from domestic abuse charity IDAS (Independent Domestic Abuse Services), North Yorkshire County Council, City of York Council and Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire, the video is just the first of what is hoped to be a series of videos offering information, advice and support to those experiencing physical, mental or emotional abuse. North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Safeguarding Week 2020 - How the police and partners work together to safeguard victims of domestic abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/video-how-the-police-and-partners-work-together-to-safeguard-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
title: Safeguarding Week 2020 - How the police and partners work together to safeguard victims of domestic abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/video-how-the-police-and-partners-work-together-to-safeguard-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 29 June 2020 at 10:31am

To mark the beginning of Safeguarding Week, North Yorkshire Police have teamed up with local authority and agency partners to deliver a video message to those living with domestic abuse, to tell them they are not alone.

Featuring representatives from domestic abuse charity IDAS (Independent Domestic Abuse Services), North Yorkshire County Council, City of York Council and Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire, the video is just the first of what is hoped to be a series of videos offering information, advice and support to those experiencing physical, mental or emotional abuse.

North Yorkshire Police Deputy Lead for Safeguarding, Chief Inspector Al Wescott said;

“Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, we’ve had to consider the different challenges victims are facing, when trying to access support services. We’ve adapted the ways we offer support and advice, for example offering more services over the phone or online and we’ve thought about different ways we can communicate with victims, who may still be in isolation with an abusive partner or family member.

“In this first video we wanted to speak directly to victims, to show the range of help that’s available and how all the agencies represented, work together to ensure their safety. We talk through what to expect when you first engage with one or all of us, in the hope it removes some of the ‘fear of the unknown.’ We hope our message provides some reassurance to anyone who may be living in fear of abuse and gives them the confidence to reach out and get some help.

“This is just the first of a series of video conversations we are hoping to hold about domestic abuse. We’re opening up the floor to the public of North Yorkshire and asking them to tell us what topic they’d like us to talk about next. For example, it could be what support services are available to male or LGBTQ+ victims, how we safeguard children who are living in an abusive environment or how to recognise if you are in a coercive and controlling relationship.

“We’ll be asking for feedback and sharing a poll across our social media channels, inviting the public to tell us what they’d like to hear about next. For those not on social media – they can email their suggestions or questions to corporatecommunications@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

“The overriding message we want to get across to victims is that you are not forgotten or alone. Please reach out and get help from any of the number of agencies who are still available and working hard to support you.”

Commenting on her involvement in the video, Carmel Offord from IDAS said

“During this incredibly challenging time, when victims of domestic abuse have been isolated with controlling, abusive perpetrators, it is more important than ever to raise awareness about the services that can provide support and how organisations in North Yorkshire work together to help keep people safe. We would ask anyone who is worried about themselves, a family member or a neighbour to contact IDAS for advice and support.”

The video can be viewed on the North Yorkshire Police website below, on the force Facebook page or on YouTube

Anyone who is living in fear of abuse and violence can contact the police or any of the agencies featured in the video.

In the case of an emergency always dial 999. If it is not an emergency situation, North Yorkshire Police can be contacted on 101.

To contact IDAS visit call 03000 110 110 or visit www.IDAS.org.uk

To contact Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire visit www.supportingvictims.org or call 01609 643100

For more information about the services offered by North Yorkshire County Council visit www.northyorks.gov.uk/domestic-abuse

For more information about services offered by City of York Council visit www.york.gov.uk/ReportAdultAbuseInYork

#YouAreNotAlone #TellUsYourConcerns

Posted on 22 June 2020 at 01:51pm in News stories
