```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-07T09:45:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-04T12:54:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Lincoln Street in the Leeman road area of York at around 1.20pm on Wednesday 2 December 2020. Two men attended the victim&#8217;s home in a small white van with ladders on the roof and informed him that his roof needs repairing. They then entered his property and demanded a large amount of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after 77 year-old man is targeted by rogue traders - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-77-year-old-man-is-targeted-by-rogue-traders/
title: Appeal after 77 year-old man is targeted by rogue traders
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-77-year-old-man-is-targeted-by-rogue-traders/
```

Last modified: 7 December 2020 at 09:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after rogue traders targeted a 77 year-old man in York.

It happened on Lincoln Street in the Leeman road area of York at around 1.20pm on Wednesday 2 December 2020.

Two men attended the victim's home in a small white van with ladders on the roof and informed him that his roof needs repairing.

They then entered his property and demanded a large amount of cash upfront for materials, stating that they would be back the next day to start work on the roof.

The victim handed over the cash but the pair did not return the following day to complete the work as agreed.

The first person is described as a white, clean shaven, approx. 5ft 7ins with very grey or white hair. He was well built, in his late 50s or early 60s, and was wearing a grey/white top and jeans. He spoke with a very low, quiet voice and spoke with a slight Irish accent. He The second person is described as a white male in his thirties.

If you have any information, including any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell camera footage, that may be able to assist the investigation to please get in touch.

Officers are also particularly keen to speak to anyone else who may have been approached by 'traders' in similar circumstances or has seen the two men or van matching the description.

If you have any information please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or email: 000652@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200216186 when providing any information.

For more advice visit: Bogus callers and distraction burglary

Contact details:
 N Pirrie \- #0652
InvestigationHubYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | ext 33652
Incident reference:
 12200216186
Posted on 4 December 2020 at 12:54pm in Local appeals
