```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-18T16:12:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-18T16:04:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The burglaries occurred overnight between 16 and 17 of August 2020. The first occurred on Prospect Terrace when a shed was broken into a red mountain bike was stolen. The bike has since been recovered and returned to the victim. The second occurred on Austwick Close when offenders broke into a shed and stole two [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Seven high-value bikes stolen in four Settle burglaries overnight - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seven-high-value-bikes-stolen-in-four-settle-burglaries-overnight/
title: Seven high-value bikes stolen in four Settle burglaries overnight
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seven-high-value-bikes-stolen-in-four-settle-burglaries-overnight/
```

Last modified: 18 August 2020 at 05:12pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after eight high-value bicycles were stolen in a series of burglaries in Settle.

The burglaries occurred overnight between 16 and 17 of August 2020.

The first occurred on Prospect Terrace when a shed was broken into a red mountain bike was stolen. The bike has since been recovered and returned to the victim.

The second occurred on Austwick Close when offenders broke into a shed and stole two bikes - a red Trek mountain bike with black wheels with yellow writing on and a green and black Hope cross bike with 52inch carbon frame with HOPE stickers on .

The third occurred on Halsteads Terrace when a garage was broken into and three bikes including a red and black Trek Domane s4 road bike, a white Trek Domane six series bike with red stripes and a Moser bike were stolen. The Moser bike has since been recovered an returned.

Lastly, the fourth burglary occurred on Cammock Lane when a shed was broken into and a red Giant Trance bike with white writing was stolen.

Enquiries are ongoing to locate the remaining stolen bikes.

Officers have confirmed that they believe the four burglaries are linked and are investigating whether the properties were specifically targeted or not.

They are appealing for information, including any CCTV, doorbell or dash-cam footage of the area to help establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident.

They’d also like to hear from anyone living in the area who believes that an attempt may have been made to get into their shed or outbuilding or anyone who has seen the bikes offered for sale under suspicious circumstances.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to email Elizabeth.Estensen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference numbers below when providing any information.

 * 12200142689 – burglary on Prospect Terrace
 * 12200142555 – burglary on Austwick Close
 * 12200142527 – burglary on Halsteads Terrace
 * 12200142844 – burglary on Cammock Lane

**How to secure your shed**

The top five most common items stolen from sheds

 1. Bikes
 2. Mowers
 3. Sports equipment
 4. Power tools
 5. Garden tools

However, a few simple steps can stop your shed being targeted by burglars.

 * **First steps:** First off, check that your insurance covers the contents of your shed or outbuildings from theft.
 * **Think like a thief:** Take a look at your shed and consider how you would break in. It’s worth having a good padlock on the door with no exposed screws. Pay attention to hinges, as these are sometimes easily removable. If you have windows then these could be vulnerable unless they’re secured with wire mesh or grills. And keep it locked at all times.
 * **Alarm it:** Consider a battery-operated shed alarm. They look low key but they respond to movement or door contact with an extremely loud siren.
 * **Lock it, hide it or mark it**
 * Don’t give them the opportunity or the tools to commit a crime. Lock everything away securely. Tools can be locked inside a locker or box or secured with a chain.
 * Secure your bike to the ground or a lockable stand within a locked shed or garage. Visit Sold Secureto search for ground anchors and other locks designed to fix to floors and walls.
 * It’s always worth draping an old sheet or blanket over the top of mowers or bikes to keep them covered from view.
 * Although it might sound like stating the obvious, never leave your garage or shed door unlocked if you’re not around.
 * Property marking your items is advisable and some tools can be painted with your name or postcode. Forensic marking is also an option.

Posted on 18 August 2020 at 05:04pm in Burglary, News stories
