```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-08T17:01:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '* Making indecent photographs, namely 6946 category A images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018 * Making indecent photographs, namely 8005 category B images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018 * Making indecent photographs, namely 438830 category C images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018 * Possession of a prohibited firearm, namely [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Harrogate: Indecent images and illegal firearms case committed to crown court - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-indecent-images-and-illegal-firearms-case-committed-to-crown-court/
title: 'Harrogate: Indecent images and illegal firearms case committed to crown court'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-indecent-images-and-illegal-firearms-case-committed-to-crown-court/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2018 at 05:01pm

A 70-year-old man from Harrogate appeared at York Magistrates' Court on 24 October 2018 charged with:

* Making indecent photographs, namely 6946 category A images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018

* Making indecent photographs, namely 8005 category B images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018

* Making indecent photographs, namely 438830 category C images of a child, between 01/01/2011 and 22/10/2018

* Possession of a prohibited firearm, namely a handgun which was less than 60cm in length overall, on 20/10/2018

* Concealed, disguised, converted, transferred or removed criminal property, namely by the purchasing of silver and gold bullion, on 20/10/2018

He did not enter a plea and the case was committed to **York Crown Court on 21 November 2018**. He has been remanded into custody.

The charges relate to an ongoing investigation, supported by the National Crime Agency (NCA), which has seen police enquiries conducted at the man's address at Harrogate since 19 October 2018. These enquiries have now concluded.

A 61-year-old woman arrested in connection with the investigation has been released on conditional police bail pending further enquiries.

A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said: "This is clearly a very concerning investigation and we fully appreciate any alarm and distress this may cause in the community.

"However, from the detailed and specialist police enquiries that have been conducted so far into the alleged offending, there is nothing to suggest an ongoing risk to local residents.

"High-visibility patrols were carried out in the area to provide community reassurance while the police activity was taking place."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 if you would prefer to remain anonymous.

Please quote reference number 12180189353 when providing details about this case.

Posted on 8 November 2018 at 05:01pm in News stories
