```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-28T14:19:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-28T14:07:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: They topped the In-house Innovation in Recruitment category at the Recruiter Awards 2020 staged online on Thursday (24 September) evening. The campaign, run in partnership with the recruitment agency Cappfinity, was designed with the 2025 Vision in mind, taking into account the ever-evolving nature and demands of modern day policing with the growing prevalence of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/09/HR-award-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: National recognition for Team Talent for innovative &quot;Leaders of the Future&quot; recruitment campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-recognition-for-talent-team-for-innovative-leaders-of-the-future-recruitment-campaign/
title: National recognition for Team Talent for innovative "Leaders of the Future" recruitment campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-recognition-for-talent-team-for-innovative-leaders-of-the-future-recruitment-campaign/
```

Last modified: 28 September 2020 at 03:19pm

Huge congratulations to our Team Talent on winning a prestigious award for the “Leaders of the Future” recruitment campaign.

They topped the **In-house Innovation in Recruitment** category at the **Recruiter Awards 2020** staged online on Thursday (24 September) evening.

The campaign, run in partnership with the recruitment agency Cappfinity, was designed with the 2025 Vision in mind, taking into account the ever-evolving nature and demands of modern day policing with the growing prevalence of online crime.

It was championed by Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain and fed into NYP’s ongoing Intent Based Leadership and Positive Action programmes.

At the heart of the innovation was the introduction of a fairer and values-led “Strengths-based” recruitment process in place of the long-established “Evidence-based” approach, which was felt relied too heavily on rehearsed responses without gaining an insight into a candidate’s true abilities and potential.

With buy-in from the Chief Officer Team, Strengths-based recruitment is now embedded across all police officer ranks from Deputy Chief Constable to Constable. This is on top of the recruitment of our key volume roles including Student Officers, Police Community Support Officers, Special Constables and police staff roles within the Force Control Room.

Additionally the team, led by Talent and Development Manager, Kerry West, was recognised at the awards for being the first police force in the country to use Virtual Reality as part of Superintendent promotion boards. A range of innovative assessment tools, including an online immersive assessment, strengths-based interview and micro exercises, were also introduced.

An impressive 88% of candidates rated the candidate experience throughout the Strengths-based promotion process/transferee campaign as Excellent or Very Good.

While 68% of candidates felt that the process was fair and consistent, in comparison to 28% in the previous promotion process.

In terms of assessors, 100% rated the promotion process/transferee campaign as Excellent or Very Good, and 100% felt that the process was fair and consistent.

**The Judges commented that it** ** _“showcases how they challenged the status quo, blending technology and innovation for better outcomes for police recruitment, without using tech for tech’s sake._**

**_“The approach showed marked improvement in creating a fair experience for candidates and has attracted interest from other forces – and the College of Policing – who now want to share this best practice”_** **.**

Claire Lister, Head of People Services, Enable North Yorkshire, said: “I’m absolutely delighted that the tremendous efforts and hard work of Team Talent have been formally recognised at the Recruiter Awards.

“I am super impressed with the high levels of energy and drive within this team; you are leading the way in so many areas and I know that, continuing under Kerry’s leadership, you will continue to go from strength to strength.

“We are very lucky to have such a fantastically talented team who, in the words of the judges ‘challenge the status quo to achieve better outcomes in recruitment’.

“A shining example of outcomes-focused delivery, positively impacting front line services. Keep doing what you’re doing and thank you.”

DCC Cain added: “I know how much hard work you have all put in to making sure we recruit the very best talent from across all communities.”

Posted on 28 September 2020 at 03:07pm in News stories
