```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-19T15:29:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-19T15:02:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "What breed is Thor and where did he come from? Thor\u2019s a German Shepherd and he came from a breeder in Wales How old is he and when did you get him? He\u2019ll be 6 in April. He joined North Yorkshire Police in February 2014 and I got him the following month in March. Who [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/01/IMG_0112.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u2018Police dogs are the most important thing in the world to their handlers but they would never admit it in front of their husbands or wives!!&#039; - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-dogs-important-thing-world-handlers/
title: "\u2018Police dogs are the most important thing in the world to their handlers but they would never admit it in front of their husbands or wives!!'"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-dogs-important-thing-world-handlers/
```

Last modified: 19 January 2018 at 03:29pm

Here PC Martin Gayles, one of our police dog handlers tells us about his big cuddly bear Thor and shares with us the one of the strangest jobs they’ve worked together on.

**What breed is Thor and where did he come from?**

Thor’s a German Shepherd and he came from a breeder in Wales

**How old is he and when did you get him?**

He’ll be 6 in April. He joined North Yorkshire Police in February 2014 and I got him the following month in March.

**Who does he live with?**

Thor lives with me (his dad), Mam, two sisters and dog brother Finn and dog sister Meg.

**How long did it take to train him up?**

10 weeks

**What does he specialise in and what does that mean?**

Tracking – uses his nose to follow people, person searching - goodies and baddies, Finds property, catches people!

**Describe his character in three words.**

Big cuddly bear!

**What’s his best trait?**

He is good at everything!

**What is your proudest moment?**

Tracking a burglar and finding them hiding inside a car! It was our first job as a team once out on the streets. I was a very proud daddy!

**What is the strangest job you’ve ever worked on together?**

Not necessarily strange but I fell into a river once when trying to pull Thor out because he was stuck. He got out but it left me stuck in the river and when I tried to climb out Thor kept barking at me, putting his paws on my head! Which didn’t help!

**Has there ever been a situation where you were really grateful to have him with you?**

I had a man coming towards me with a samurai sword. I deployed Thor from my vehicle and the man immediately dropped the sword in fear of what Thor would do!

**Has he ever won an award, if so what?**

Yes, treats for being a good boy!

**What is his favourite thing to do inside of work?**

Catching criminals!

**What is his favourite thing to do outside of work?**

Sleep!

**What is his favourite treat / toy?**

His big red ball!

**Wat is the thing you love most about them?**

He loves me!

**What will happen when the day comes for them to retire?**

I’ll cry!

**Tell us one thing that most people don’t realise about police dogs and their handler?**

The dogs are the most important thing in the world to the handlers but they would never admit it in front of their husbands or wives!!

**Anything else people wouldn’t know about Thor?**

He has a false knee!

Posted on 19 January 2018 at 03:02pm in News stories
