```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-07-28T12:29:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The collision happened on the B6160, about a mile north of Kilnsey, at around 12.50pm on Sunday 26 July 2020. It involved a black and white motorbike that was travelling from Kilnsey towards Kettlewell. Sadly, the rider, Phil Wilson, 52, from Chester-le-Street in County Durham, died at the scene. His family today paid tribute to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/Phil-Wilson-473x1024.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Family tribute to man who died in Dales motorcycle collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-tribute-to-man-who-died-in-dales-motorcycle-collision/
title: Family tribute to man who died in Dales motorcycle collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-tribute-to-man-who-died-in-dales-motorcycle-collision/
```

Last modified: 28 July 2020 at 01:29pm

The family of a man who died in a collision in the Yorkshire Dales have paid tribute to a “devoted husband and father”.

The collision happened on the B6160, about a mile north of Kilnsey, at around 12.50pm on Sunday 26 July 2020. It involved a black and white motorbike that was travelling from Kilnsey towards Kettlewell.

Sadly, the rider, Phil Wilson, 52, from Chester-le-Street in County Durham, died at the scene.

His family today paid tribute to a “devoted husband to Karen and father to Dan, Matt, Kerris and Brogan”.

In a statement, they said: “As a family our hearts are broken and our lives will never be the same. It was not his time to go and we just keep wishing it was all a bad dream.”

His wife Karen said: “This was my husband 💔 He was the happiest of souls, I am truly heartbroken.

“I want to say thank you to the kind people who tried in vain to help him, but if anyone else can help with any more info I will be grateful.

“Not sure where the hell I go from here, I’m numb. You never think these things are going to happen to you.

“Hold each other close tonight ❤️ I will see you again Phil, we are meant to be together.”

North Yorkshire Police officers are continuing to request the public’s help to establish the full circumstances surrounding the collision.

In particular, officers would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision or has any dash-cam footage taken in the area at the time, which may have captured the collision or the motorbike prior to the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to email Gemma.Brett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101 and ask for North Yorkshire Police.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200127821.

Posted on 28 July 2020 at 01:29pm in News stories
