```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T14:04:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-05T14:03:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are appealing for information after two women were robbed at knifepoint.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal following Scarborough knifepoint robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-scarborough-knifepoint-robbery/
title: Police appeal following Scarborough knifepoint robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-scarborough-knifepoint-robbery/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 02:04pm

Police in Scarborough are appealing for information after two women were robbed at knifepoint.

The robbery took place on Thursday 4 June between 1.50pm and 2pm in the cemetery area of Manor Road, when two women were approached by two men who both produced knives and threatened them.

The men stole a handbag, then ran off through Manor Road cemetery in the direction of Glenside / Fieldside.

Both men were wearing balaclavas. They are described as being in their teens, thin and of slim build, around 5ft 6ins and 5ft 8ins tall. They were both wearing dark clothing with possible hooded tops.

Inspector Paul Healy, of Scarborough Police, said: "This was a frightening attack and we need as much information as possible from people who were in the area at the time to help bring the offenders to justice. I urge anyone with any information, no matter how insignificant you think it is, please call us. Anyone who witnessed the incident, saw the offenders loitering or running from the scene or can help identify them, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Serious Crime Team in Scarborough.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150092747 when passing on information.

**5 June 2015**

Posted on 5 June 2015 at 02:03pm in News stories
