```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-16T14:53:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-16T14:06:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 48 year-old Fasil Demsash of Holgate Road, York, has today been sentenced at York Crown Court to 9 years in prison after being charged with rape. In autumn 2018, Demsash met his victim at a bar in York city centre, before they returned to his home where he raped her. His victim went straight to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/Fasil-Demsash-16061972-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u2018Calculating and manipulative\u2019 York man sentenced to nine years in prison for rape - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/calculating-and-manipulative-york-man-sentenced-to-nine-years-in-prison-for-rape/
title: "\u2018Calculating and manipulative\u2019 York man sentenced to nine years in prison for rape"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/calculating-and-manipulative-york-man-sentenced-to-nine-years-in-prison-for-rape/
```

Last modified: 16 February 2021 at 02:53pm

Fasil Demsash

48 year-old Fasil Demsash of Holgate Road, York, has today been sentenced at York Crown Court to 9 years in prison after being charged with rape.

In autumn 2018, Demsash met his victim at a bar in York city centre, before they returned to his home where he raped her. His victim went straight to a local police station to report the incident and following an extensive investigation, Demsash was found guilty.

North Yorkshire Police Detective Constable, Alyson Thompson, said:

“Demsash is a calculating and manipulative man who took advantage of his victim and who has since continued to use his influence to protest his innocence, showing no remorse for his crime.

“From the very outset, he attempted to undermine the victim suggesting she made up the allegation in order to sabotage his political campaign. Despite conclusive forensic evidence he still denied the incident took place, forcing his victim to relive the night over and over again, feeling as though she herself was on trial.

“The victim has been extremely brave by giving her evidence despite having to wait over two years for justice to be done. We hope she will now have some closure, allowing her to move on with her life.”

Following his sentencing, Demsash’s victim shared the following:

_“Is it not enough to have been violated? Is it not enough to have had to experience the helplessness of being held down and raped? I know that this is going to be with me for the rest of my life. This is one of the hardest things to deal with, as I know there is so much hard work and hurt ahead. Whilst I am willing to fight for my quality of life, I feel it is extremely unfair and keep asking myself, why me? Was it something I had done? I must be worthless, all these awful intrusive and dark thoughts._

_“I didn 't just get raped that night, I had my life stolen from me. Having to go through reliving it day by day with the police and friends and family was almost too much for me to take, you just want it to go away, but you also need to get justice and stop this happening to anyone else, the responsibility and expectation to have to go through the whole process is huge and not easy at all. I just want to send all my thoughts and love to anyone that has ever been a victim of sexual assault too. You are a survivor and you are so strong and no one can take that away from you”._

In addition to 9 years' imprisonment, Demsash was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and has been ordered to sign the sex offenders register.

**Help and support**

You will find the website addresses and telephone numbers of other local and national organisations that provide help and support for people affected by rape and sexual assault below.

 * **IDAS – Independent Domestic Abuse Service:** IDAS is a charity that provides comprehensive support services to all those experiencing or affected by domestic abuse. IDAS works throughout York, Harrogate and District, Hambleton, Richmondshire and Craven.
Website: idas.org.uk
 * **Sexual Health Clinic:** 01904 721111 | yorsexualhealth.org.uk
 * **Yorkshire MESMAC** | co.uk | Sexual health services for BAME people, LGB&T people, sex workers, and those misusing drugs.
 * **Survive, York:**survive-northyorks.org.uk
 * **Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire** : 01609 643 100 | org| Email for Victims: help@supportingvictims.org | ​Email for Agencies: supportingvictims@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | ​The Supporting Victims service will provide support for anyone affected by crime, whether reported or not, of any age, including children and young people (wherever possible with consent), and parents or guardians of victims under 18. They are able to provide a wide range of support tailored to your individual needs, including immediate practical support and referral onto emotional and therapeutic support services such as Counselling.
 * **Rape Support Line:** Information about rape and sexual violence as well as to provide access to information about support and services available to survivors of sexual violence. The Rape Support line is available Tuesday evenings 1700-1900 and Wednesday 1700-2100. Website: idas.org.uk/rapesupport | Phone: 0300 111 0777
 * **Rape Crisis:** Information about rape and sexual violence and details of your nearest Rape Crisis Centre if you need support. There is also information for family, friends, students and professionals. Website: rapecrisis.org.uk | Phone: 0808 802 9999

**Report rape or sexual assault**

If you have been raped or sexually assaulted and are fearful for your safety, always call 999 and get to a safe place. If you are not in immediate danger you can contact North Yorkshire Police directly using the non-emergency number 101.

North Yorkshire Police treat all reports of rape and sexual assault seriously. Victims will be treated with dignity and respect throughout the process.

Posted on 16 February 2021 at 02:06pm in News stories
