```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-20T20:34:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-20T20:33:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "NYP is looking for people who want to use their skills, values and passion to deliver excellent customer service, make a positive difference to people\u2019s lives and keep communities safe. The force will have a recruitment drive for Special Constables, Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and Student Officers between November 2020 and January 2021. Special [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Autumn and Winter recruitment drive encourages people to \u201CBe you, be NYP\u201D - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/autumn-and-winter-recruitment-drive-encourages-people-to-be-you-be-nyp/
title: "Autumn and Winter recruitment drive encourages people to \u201CBe you, be NYP\u201D"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/autumn-and-winter-recruitment-drive-encourages-people-to-be-you-be-nyp/
```

Last modified: 20 October 2020 at 09:34pm

“Be you, be NYP” – that’s the message from North Yorkshire Police (NYP) in its impending recruitment campaign.

NYP is looking for people who want to use their skills, values and passion to deliver excellent customer service, make a positive difference to people’s lives and keep communities safe.

The force will have a recruitment drive for Special Constables, Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and Student Officers between November 2020 and January 2021.

Special Constable recruitment will open on 2 November, followed by PCSOs on 7 December and then Student Officers on 1 January 2021.

The message of “be you be NYP” is about letting people know they can be themselves and work for NYP, no matter who they are or where they are from. The force is encouraging people from diverse backgrounds to learn more about each of the roles in order to understand that they might have skills to match one of those roles perfectly – they just didn’t realise it.

The roles of Specials, PCSOs and PCs are all very different, requiring very different skills and abilities, and a key part of the recruitment drive this winter is all about explaining the difference between the roles.

To support this, NYP will be hosting a number of online familiarisation events via Microsoft Teams over the coming weeks. There will be a panel of members from NYP at the events, in order to give as wide a perspective as possible about the different roles and to better answer the array of questions from attendees.

Chief Constable Lisa Winward, said:

“It is really good news that North Yorkshire Police is recruiting for Special Constables, PCSOs and Student PCs over the next few months.

“Not only is it positive in terms of the fact NYP will have more resource to keep the people of North Yorkshire and the City of York safe, but it’s also a great opportunity for lots of people out there to consider a career in policing.

“To anyone who has ever thought about working for the police, I would say this; here at NYP we have people from all walks of life doing amazing work to keep our communities safe. Those people are just like you - people from all backgrounds who live different lives and think differently from each other. But this is what we need. We need a more diverse and inclusive workforce, because this will ultimately help us deliver an even better service to our communities.

“I would encourage you to engage with us and join an online familiarisation event - you might just find that being part of the policing family is the right career for you.”

**Being a Special Constable**

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties.

**Being a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO)**

PCSOs provide a visible and reassuring presence on the streets of our region and act as the eyes and ears of the force – building relationships with local communities and business owners, tackling anti-social behaviour and using the information they gather to prevent and deter crime.

**Being a Police Officer**

As a North Yorkshire Police Officer, you job will be to protect the public and keep them safe, provide a reassuring presence in the community, support victims of crime and investigate complex cases.

Anyone who is interested in attending an online event to find out more, can register their interest via the below links. Please note that people only need to attend one event.

**Date** **Time** **Link to register**
Tuesday 27 October 2020 12:00-13:30 http://bit.ly/beyoubeNYP27
Thursday 29 October 2020 16:30-18:00 http://bit.ly/beyoubeNYP29
Monday 2 November 2020 16:30-18:00 http://bit.ly/beyoubeNYP2
Wednesday 4 November 2020 12:00-13:30 http://bit.ly/beyoubeNYP4

To find out more visit https://northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs/

Posted on 20 October 2020 at 09:33pm in News stories
