```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T11:14:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-12T11:13:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Young people in North Yorkshire have been recognised for their community-spirited activities by the High Sheriffs Association of England and Wales.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire youngsters make it to the finals of national crimefighting competition - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-youngsters-make-finals-national-crimefighting-competition/
title: North Yorkshire youngsters make it to the finals of national crimefighting competition
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-youngsters-make-finals-national-crimefighting-competition/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 11:14am

Young people in North Yorkshire have been recognised for their community-spirited activities by the High Sheriffs Association of England and Wales.

"Youth Assemble" - made up of Jack Dobson, Dylan Kennedy, Dylan Riley and Shannon Kemp, from Eastfield - originally entered North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge last summer when, with the help of Youth Support Workers Sam and Becky, they organised and held a Safer Community Fun Day for local residents.

As well as wanting the community to enjoy themselves, the team also wanted people of all ages to be able to access services and information. They invited the local police team, the Fire and Rescue Service, road and bike safety organisations, the RNLI and healthcare professionals.

Dylan Kennedy said: "It was a team effort to organise this event. We wanted to do something for the community, so we chose to do a safer community fun day while raising money for a local charity."

The Safer Community Fun Day was enjoyed by hundreds of local residents and the Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan also paid a visit.

The Animal House Bird of Prey centre, based in Eastfield, was the recipient of money raised on the day.

As a result of their efforts, "Youth Assemble" won the Virgin Trains East Coast Award at the Lifestyle Awards ceremony in November 2015, and the team were presented with smart mountain bikes.

Following on from their work over the summer, the team then founded Eastfield Youth Council to represent young people in their town.

They now meet every week to look at the issues that affect young people and get involved in campaigns to improve young people's lives.

PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer at North Yorkshire Police, was so impressed with the continuing contribution they are making to their community that she put them forward for the National Crimebeat Awards.

PC Asquith said: "Youth Assemble truly deserve to be in the finals of the Crimebeat competition. Not only did they work incredibly hard to achieve what they did for our Lifestyle Challenge last summer, but they kept the impetus up and are still having a positive impact on their community."

Crimebeat is a national crime prevention initiative run by the High Sheriffs Association of England and Wales.

The awards ceremony will take place in London on 16 March, when the winners of £1,000, £750 and £500 prizes will be announced with the money going directly to support the group

After the ceremony, all finalists will be taken on an open-top bus tour of London and a trip on the London Eye.

The High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, Charlie Forbes Adam, said: "I am delighted that Youth Assemble has made it through to the finals of Crimebeat.

"Recognising the achievement of young people in our community is so important, especially when they are making such a valuable contribution on issues such as reducing anti-social behaviour, bullying and vandalism. I am very much looking forward to seeing the team again next month."

Two other teams from North Yorkshire Police's Lifestyle Challenge were also entered into the Crimebeat competition. "Richmond Healthy Girls" who produced a newsletter with help and advice on all kinds of issues affecting young people and "Being OK" who created an art installation showing the ripple effects of anti-social behaviour were both highly commended and will receive certificates presented by Mr Forbes Adam.

**12 February 2016**

Posted on 12 February 2016 at 11:13am in News stories
