```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T10:22:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-11T10:20:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Residents in an area of Skipton have set up a new No Cold Calling Zone to protect them from rogue traders and distraction burglars.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/No_Cold_Calling_Zone_picture-300x224.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Skipton residents say NO to cold callers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-residents-say-no-cold-callers/
title: Skipton residents say NO to cold callers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-residents-say-no-cold-callers/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 10:22am

Residents in an area of Skipton have set up a new No Cold Calling Zone to protect them from rogue traders and distraction burglars.

North Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire County Council Trading Standards, Yorkshire Housing and local residents worked together to launch the new scheme this month.

The zone covers Pinhaw Road and Rombalds Drive in Skipton, and was set up after a local person fell victim to a bogus caller.

PCSO Amy Sharrad, the local PCSO for Greatwood and Horseclose, said: "By introducing the No Cold Calling Zone, residents know that cold-callers will not disturb them, thus taking away any doubt of who is legitimate or not.

"Crimes committed by bogus callers and rogue traders are some of the most cowardly and deplorable incidents the police have to deal with. The perpetrators deliberately prey on elderly and vulnerable people, conning them out of cash or stealing their property.

"This is a wonderful community to be part of, with residents looking out for one another and always willing to help. It's great to see how they have rallied round after a recent incident of a bogus caller in the area. The establishment of this new zone will send a clear message to cold callers that they are not welcome here."

High-visibility signs have been put up in the streets indicating that cold calling is not welcome, and crime prevention packs including door advice stickers have been delivered to households by Trading Standards.

**11 May 2015**

Posted on 11 May 2015 at 10:20am in News stories
