```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-06T13:32:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-06T12:53:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Last weekend (2 July 2017) marked the first anniversary of the launch of Northallerton Street Angels. Since their introduction on 2 July 2016, figures show that crime and antisocial behaviour on a Saturday night has dropped by 30 percent in the town. The Street Angels are volunteers who patrol Northallerton on a Saturday night to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/Street-Angels-3-email.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Year of Angels sees Saturday night crime drop by 30 percent - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/year-angels-sees-saturday-night-crime-drop-30-percent/
title: Year of Angels sees Saturday night crime drop by 30 percent
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/year-angels-sees-saturday-night-crime-drop-30-percent/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2017 at 02:32pm

Last weekend (2 July 2017) marked the first anniversary of the launch of Northallerton Street Angels.

Since their introduction on 2 July 2016, figures show that crime and antisocial behaviour on a Saturday night has dropped by 30 percent in the town.

The Street Angels are volunteers who patrol Northallerton on a Saturday night to provide reassurance and support for anyone in need of help.

The scheme was launched with funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, and in partnership with New Life Baptist Church, Safer Hambleton Hub, and Churches Together Northallerton, as a preventative measure to help stop situations escalating to the point where the emergency services need to intervene.

Sergeant Simon Wilson of Northallerton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “The scheme has been a phenomenal success and is a superb example of what can be achieved through working in partnership. My thanks go to everyone involved, not least the Angels who volunteer their own time – without them it would not be possible. Alcohol consumption plays a major part in crime and antisocial behaviour, and by providing support to vulnerable people, including those suffering from the effects of drink, the Angels provide much needed help and refuge, relieving the pressure on the police service and preventing things from getting out of hand.”

Pastor Steve Cowie of Northallerton New Life Baptist Church and the chair of Northallerton Street Angels, said: “The Street Angels project has really touched the hearts of so many within our church and in the wider community. It’s been inspiring to work with our partners from the police and local councils to get this off the ground so efficiently and smoothly. The success at all levels within our community has been beyond our expectations and all our team feel it a privilege to serve our town in this way. So, onwards and upwards for the Angels of Northallerton."

The Angels are recognisable from their distinct black and orange uniform.

Over the year the Angels have come to the aid of many people, including:

 * A 13-year-old girl found collapsed in a doorway. The Angels took her to their base where she was given medical treatment by ambulance staff. The girl’s parents were traced and she was taken home safely.
 * A drunk woman was being pestered by a group of men who she didn’t know who wanted to take her home. The Angels came to her rescue and took her to a taxi rank where she was sent safely on her way home.
 * Two girls were seen staggering down an alley with bleeding, bare feet. They were taken back to base where they received medical treatment and were given flip-flops.
 * A man was found asleep in a doorway. It transpired he had travelled from out of the area and had become separated from his friends in Club Amadeus. The Angels took him back to base, gave him a warm drink and asked the club’s DJ to issue a message on the sound system. A short time later his friends turned up to collect him.
 *

**Saturday night crime and antisocial behaviour figures – Northallerton**

In the year prior to the launch of the Street Angels there were 43 violent crimes and five incidents of antisocial behaviour recorded on a Saturday night.

In the year from 2 July 2016 – 2 July 2017, there were 28 violent crimes and three incidents of antisocial behaviour recorded on a Saturday night.

Total crime for the same periods was 94 incidents, followed by 66 incidents the following year. A reduction of 28 incidents.

Posted on 6 July 2017 at 01:53pm in News stories
