```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-13T09:14:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Dot peen property marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number is entered onto a property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. A new dot peen [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/dotpeen1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New crime-fighting technology will help keep Ryedale safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-crime-fighting-technology-will-help-keep-ryedale-safe/
title: New crime-fighting technology will help keep Ryedale safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-crime-fighting-technology-will-help-keep-ryedale-safe/
```

Last modified: 13 July 2018 at 10:14am

Crime-fighting technology designed to help people protect their personal property has arrived in Ryedale.

Dot peen property marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number is entered onto a property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

A new dot peen machine is now available to the Ryedale Neighbourhood Policing Team, and North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, having been part-funded by Ryedale District Council. It can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm, and can be used on everything from steel and aluminium to plastic. It is particularly effective on high-value, portable items such as power tools, horse equipment and bikes.

While other methods of property marking, such as UV marker pens or forensically-coded liquid, can also be very effective in reuniting property with its rightful owners, the visual deterrent of a permanently marked serial number alone could be enough to deter would-be thieves.

The service is now available to Ryedale residents and businesses for free, and people are encouraged to contact the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, or the Rural Taskforce, to discuss their requirements.

Inspector Martin Dennison, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Ryedale is an extremely safe place, but we do know that over the summer holidays burglars will be on the look-out for empty homes and unattended outbuildings.

"Marking your valuable property is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of theft or burglary. Criminals will spot the engraving, and realise that the item will be too difficult to sell on. Should the worst happen, the unique number will vastly increase the chances that police can reunite you with your property if it's lost or stolen. Being able to trace the ownership of stolen items in this way can provide key evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

"Dot peen machines have been used very successful in York and Harrogate, so this is a great opportunity for people in Ryedale to protect their property and help us fight crime."

Ryedale District Council's Chair of Policy and Resources Committee, Cllr Luke Ives added: "Ryedale District Council's invested in this as part of our work with the police, and others, to keep Ryedale as one of the safest areas in one of the safest counties in England.

"This is a really simple system that acts as a deterrent as well as helping to re-unite people with their property should that be needed. It's important that we can support the police on issues like this, giving practical help for people in our area."

For more information about the service, contact the Ryedale Neighbourhood Policing Team via email, ryedalepropertymarking@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, call into a local police station, or visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen

Posted on 13 July 2018 at 10:14am in News stories
