```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-24T17:00:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-24T16:19:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Lisa Winward has been appointed as Deputy Chief Constable, more than 20 years since she first joined the police \u2013 as a Special Constable in York in 1993. Once in post, she will ensure that North Yorkshire Police continues to provide a high quality service and reinforces the area\u2019s position as one of the very [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/Lisa-Winward-1-e1463147432961.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New Deputy Chief Constable for North Yorkshire Police next year - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-deputy-chief-constable-north-yorkshire-police/
title: New Deputy Chief Constable for North Yorkshire Police next year
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-deputy-chief-constable-north-yorkshire-police/
```

Last modified: 24 November 2016 at 05:00pm

A new Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police will take up her role next spring.

Lisa Winward has been appointed as Deputy Chief Constable, more than 20 years since she first joined the police – as a Special Constable in York in 1993. Once in post, she will ensure that North Yorkshire Police continues to provide a high quality service and reinforces the area’s position as one of the very safest places in the country.

Lisa will take over from current Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick, who is due to retire in spring 2017.

She was appointed to the role by Chief Constable Dave Jones following a rigorous assessment process earlier this week, supported by the College of Policing and involving both internal and external stakeholders.

Chief Constable Dave Jones said: “Lisa is an outstanding officer with a huge amount of experience in delivering an effective and efficient police service. She will take up the role of Deputy Chief Constable at a very exciting time for North Yorkshire Police, as we build on our excellent track record of keeping our communities safe.

“Lisa’s knowledge, experience and leadership will enable us to continue to provide such a high quality service, enhance our visibility and partnership working in the neighbourhoods we serve, and maintain our investment in proactive policing to keep people safe.”

Lisa Winward, who is currently Assistant Chief Constable at North Yorkshire Police, said: “I am delighted to be taking up the role of Deputy Chief Constable. It has been a privilege to serve alongside Tim Madgwick, and I look forward to continuing to work with the Chief Constable, the Chief Officer Team, the Police and Crime Commissioner and our partners in the years ahead.

“I know everyone at North Yorkshire Police is extremely proud of our record as one of the safest places in the country, and we are determined to continuously improve to ensure we are providing the best possible service to the public.”

After joining the policing family as a Special Constable in York in 1993, Lisa served as a regular officer in Humberside Police from 1994. She joined the High Potential Development Scheme in 2003, and undertook posts in professional standards, communications and planning, and business change.

In 2008, she transferred to North Yorkshire Police and served as York Commander between 2009 and 2013. During this time she also attended the FBI National Academy Leadership course in Quantico, USA.

Lisa subsequently undertook roles at force level as the Executive Officer to the Chief Constable, Head of Uniformed Operations, and Head of Major Crime, Specialist Operations, Criminal Justice and Force Intelligence.

Most recently, Lisa was appointed Assistant Chief Constable, with responsibility for local policing, in May 2016.

Posted on 24 November 2016 at 04:19pm in News stories
