```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-11T07:55:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-11T07:55:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The innovative police scheme, which originally launched in York on Tuesday 11 April 2017, sees the deployment of both highly visible and covert police officers and staff alongside other resources such as dogs, firearms, ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) and CCTV cameras in crowded places across the county. The unpredictable deployments are designed to deter, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police celebrates one year anniversary of Project Servator in the county - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-celebrates-one-year-anniversary-project-servator-county/
title: North Yorkshire Police celebrates one year anniversary of Project Servator in the county
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-celebrates-one-year-anniversary-project-servator-county/
```

Last modified: 11 April 2018 at 08:55am

North Yorkshire Police has today, Wednesday 11 April 2018, celebrated one year of deploying Project Servator in North Yorkshire.

The innovative police scheme, which originally launched in York on Tuesday 11 April 2017, sees the deployment of both highly visible and covert police officers and staff alongside other resources such as dogs, firearms, ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) and CCTV cameras in crowded places across the county.

The unpredictable deployments are designed to deter, disrupt and detect a wide range of criminal activity from shoplifting and pickpocketing to more serious crime including terrorism.

Commenting on the anniversary, Superintendent Mark Grange, North Yorkshire Police’s Operational Policing Training Lead and Strategic Lead for Project Servator, said:

“Since the launch of Project Servator a year ago today, we have had more opportunities than ever to engage with the public and hundreds of businesses in North Yorkshire.

“Key to the success of Project Servator has been the active support of people living, working and visiting the county who have become our extra eyes and ears, reporting suspicious behaviour to help make it even harder for criminals to succeed.

“This network of vigilance, along with the roll-out of both covert and more visible intelligence-led police deployments has enhanced our existing tactics to become an invaluable tool in our fight against crime.”

Chief Inspector Fiona Willey, of North Yorkshire Police’s Proactive Policing Command and Tactical Lead for Project Servator, added:

“Project Servator is about re-engaging with our communities, bringing back the old fashioned Peelian principles, ‘public are the police and the police are the public’.

“If we engage with our communities correctly, involve them in our work, they are more likely to want to help us and be our eyes and ears when we are not there.

“We continue to call on the public to be vigilant and to report anything that they deem to be suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, or by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency or by calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321.”

For more information about Project Servator visit northyorkshire.police.uk/servator or follow the #ProjectServator hashtag on social media.

Posted on 11 April 2018 at 08:55am in News stories
