```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-04-12T16:47:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Flaxley Road, Selby, between the junctions with Tennant Street and Hempbridge Road, at around 6pm on Saturday 6 April 2019. Police and paramedics attended the scene and two men were arrested. Both had suffered head injuries and required hospital treatment. A further three men were arrested on 9 April 2019 in respect [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following violent incident in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-in-selby/
title: Appeal following violent incident in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 12 April 2019 at 05:47pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses, information in relation to a violent incident that occurred in Selby.

It happened on Flaxley Road, Selby, between the junctions with Tennant Street and Hempbridge Road, at around 6pm on Saturday 6 April 2019.

Police and paramedics attended the scene and two men were arrested. Both had suffered head injuries and required hospital treatment.

A further three men were arrested on 9 April 2019 in respect of the same incident.

All five men have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the start of the incident and the identities and actions of those who attended the address before the police arrived. In addition, we are seeking any video footage of the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Alastair Foy. You can also email alastair.foy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190061876.

Follow us on Twitter: [add Twitter account information]

Date 11/04/2019

Contact details:
 Alastair Foy \- #0292
alastair.foy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext 30292
Incident reference:
 12190061876
Posted on 12 April 2019 at 05:47pm in Local appeals
