```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-02-24T17:14:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on the riverside path between Clifton Bridge on Water End and St Peters Boat House, at approximately 09.30am on Tuesday 23 February 2021. It involved a 65 year old local woman who was walking her dogs along the path, and an unknown man who was coming in the opposite direction with his dog. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-york-8/
title: Appeal following assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-york-8/
```

Last modified: 24 February 2021 at 05:14pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that took place along the riverside in York, involving a woman and her dogs.

It happened on the riverside path between Clifton Bridge on Water End and St Peters Boat House, at approximately 09.30am on Tuesday 23 February 2021.

It involved a 65 year old local woman who was walking her dogs along the path, and an unknown man who was coming in the opposite direction with his dog.

The man grabbed one of the dogs by its collar, threatening to throw it into the river. The suspect then pushed the woman causing her to fall to the ground.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspect, and for anybody who may have been in the area at the time of the incident.

The suspect is described as a white man in his mid 40's with a rounded face. He was wearing glasses, a red bomber jacket, black jeans and a baseball cap. He had with him a chocolate Labrador.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Amy Herrick. You can also email amy.herrick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12210065045.

Date 24th February 2021.

Contact details:
 Amy Herrick \- #0011
amy.herrick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30011
Incident reference:
 12210065045
Posted on 24 February 2021 at 05:14pm in Local appeals
