```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T12:51:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-29T12:50:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York police have issued CCTV images of two cyclists they want to trace after a pregnant woman was hit in the eye by what is believed to be a BB gun pellet.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV appeal after pregnant woman hit in the eye - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-pregnant-woman-hit-eye/
title: CCTV appeal after pregnant woman hit in the eye
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-pregnant-woman-hit-eye/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 12:51pm

York police have issued CCTV images of two cyclists they want to trace after a pregnant woman was hit in the eye by what is believed to be a BB gun pellet.

At around 6pm on Saturday 23 May 2015, the 32-year-old East Yorkshire woman was with her husband on Lendal Bridge in York when they stopped near Pizza Express.

The woman kissed her husband, and at the same time heard someone pass a comment before she fell to the ground as a result of being hit in the eye with what is believed to be a BB gun pellet.

The two cyclists shown in the footage passed the couple at the same time as the woman fell. Officers want to speak to them as they could have important information that could help their investigation.

The woman continues to attend hospital for treatment to her eye and it is not yet known if any permanent damage has been caused.

Officers are appealing to anyone who can help identify the cyclists.

If you are the cyclists in the images or can help identify them, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Investigation Hub, or email craig.appleby@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150086488 when passing on information.

Posted on 29 May 2015 at 12:50pm in News stories
