```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-25T13:13:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the arrest of two men on suspicion of burglary.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following arrests for theft and burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-arrests-for-theft-and-burglary/
title: Appeal for information following arrests for theft and burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-arrests-for-theft-and-burglary/
```

Last modified: 25 August 2018 at 02:13pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the arrest of two men on suspicion of burglary.

Police received a report of suspicious activity in the Sand Hutton area at around 4.50am on Friday 24 August 2018.

Officers subsequently stopped a vehicle in the area and arrested two men, one aged 27, who remains in police custody, and one aged 28, who has since been released under investigation.

Upon recovering the vehicle, police located power tools, believed to have been stolen by the suspects.

We are requesting public assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspicious activity in Sand Hutton and surrounding areas in the early hours on 24 August, and also details of any property stolen, particularly power tools and garden equipment.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nick Patrick .You can also email nick.patrick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180157866.

Date 25th August 2018]

Contact details:
 nick durkin \- #1287
nick.patrick@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31287
Incident reference:
 12180157866
Posted on 25 August 2018 at 02:13pm in Local appeals
