```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-15T10:21:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-15T10:00:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The advice comes after two burglaries were reported in the area on the 9 and 11 November 2016. The first incident on the 9 November involved thieves forcing entry to a property on Abbey Road in Knaresborough through the rear patio doors between 11.45am and 12.15pm. They went on to steal a handbag and pearl [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Knaresborough residents asked to light up and lock up after two homes burgled in the area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/knaresborough-residents-asked-light-lock-two-homes-burgled-area/
title: Knaresborough residents asked to light up and lock up after two homes burgled in the area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/knaresborough-residents-asked-light-lock-two-homes-burgled-area/
```

Last modified: 15 November 2016 at 10:21am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing to residents in Knaresborough to ensure their doors and windows are locked and light up their homes, to keep opportunistic burglars away.

The advice comes after two burglaries were reported in the area on the 9 and 11 November 2016.

The first incident on the 9 November involved thieves forcing entry to a property on Abbey Road in Knaresborough through the rear patio doors between 11.45am and 12.15pm. They went on to steal a handbag and pearl necklace.

The second incident was a sneak-in burglary which happened on 11 November between 5.30pm and 6.50pm at a property on Castle Yard in Knaresborough. Thieves gain entry to the house through an insecure rear door and took the owners purse, including a contactless card which was then used in numerous stored in the area.

Speaking about the two incidents DC Quita Passmore said:"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area of the two properties at the time of the burglaries, who witnessed anything suspicious to contact me via 101. You can also email me at Quita.Passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk "

"These two incidents have left both the home owners very upset and shaken - particularly the victims of the sneak in burglary who were home with young children at the time."

"Residents are advised to keep their doors and window locked, even when they are at home, as offenders know that when it gets dark and people are expecting loved ones home - doors might be open and the noise of a door opening and closing may not be unexpected or raise suspicion."

"If you are leaving your property at night time, leave a light and a radio or TV on so it appears and sounds like there is someone home - don't give opportunistic thieves the chance."

Please quote reference 12160204901 regarding the Castle Yard burglary and 12160203529 regarding the Abbey Road burglary.

Posted on 15 November 2016 at 10:00am in News stories
