```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-31T10:40:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-31T10:27:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Police Dogs PD Skye and PD Mason are the force\u2019s newest recruits having just successfully completed their four-week initial course to become licensed \u2018Drugs, Cash and Firearms detection dogs\u2019. They join PD Barney who, having already been working as a &#8216;Drugs and Cash detection dog&#8217; for six months, has successfully completed the final part of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/IMG_1999.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Meet the three new canine crime fighters hitting the streets of North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/meet-the-three-new-canine-crime-fighters-hitting-the-streets-of-north-yorkshire/
title: Meet the three new canine crime fighters hitting the streets of North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/meet-the-three-new-canine-crime-fighters-hitting-the-streets-of-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 31 January 2020 at 10:40am

North Yorkshire Police has welcomed three new canine crime fighters ready to face the front line detecting drugs, money and firearms.

PD Barney (all brown), PD Skye (all black) and PD Mason (liver and white) have all passed their ‘Drugs, Cash and Firearms detection dogs’ with flying colours PD Skye PD Barney PD Mason

Police Dogs PD Skye and PD Mason are the force’s newest recruits having just successfully completed their four-week initial course to become licensed ‘Drugs, Cash and Firearms detection dogs’.

They join PD Barney who, having already been working as a 'Drugs and Cash detection dog' for six months, has successfully completed the final part of his licensing, meaning he is now able to detect firearms, as well as drugs and cash.

Their training has taken four weeks, and involved going out and about to busy environments to meet people and other dogs. They all passed with top marks and are now ready for action to go out on the streets of North Yorkshire with their handlers

PD Skye is a one year-old Cocker Spaniel and joins PD Patto, living at home with their handler PC Fletcher. PD Skye is a very bright and bouncy little girl and her natural ability to search no matter what the environment was shown on her course when she visited training venues across the county and managed to detect everything so quickly no matter where it was hidden.

PD Mason is a two-year-old Cocker Spaniel and joins PD Mikka living at home with their handler PC Thorpe who joined the Dog Section in 2018. PD Mason was gifted to the force by the Dogs Trust in Darlington in March 2018. His natural ability to use his nose and his happy character mean he takes everything is his stride and is a highly dependable asset to the force.

Two year-old PD Barney, a Cocker Spaniel, joins PD Lynne living at home with their handler PC Burleigh. He was also gifted to the force by the Dogs Trust in Darlington in February 2019. He is an energetic, sweet young boy who is a joy to work with and his nose has already led him to many successful finds in his six-month’s time with the force including a haul of drugs hidden inside a computer.

Their siblings, Patto, Lynne and Mikka are all General Purpose Police Dogs which means they are multi-disciplined canines who are trained to work under a variety of conditions. Their depth of skills includes; searching for missing people, tracking suspects from crime scenes and recovery of recently discarded articles of an evidential nature.

Instructor PC Martin Gayles, who is also a Dog Handler for the force with PD Buzz and PD Meg, is pictured shaking paws with the three pups said:

“Congratulations to PD’s Barney, Skye and Mason who are our newest recruits hitting the streets of North Yorkshire following their successful Drugs, Cash and Firearms detection course.

“It’s a tough course which involves a lot of commitment by both dogs and their handlers. But their determination and desire to progress and learn resulted in them passing with shining colours.

“I’m very proud to present them with their well-earned licenses to work. Well done pups!!!”

Follow the North Yorkshire Police Dog Section on Twitter: twitter.com/NYPDogSection

Posted on 31 January 2020 at 10:27am in News stories
