```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-19T08:22:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-19T07:20:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The initiative will see teams from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Operation Cracker and George Pindar School\u2019s EDGE project (Enriching Developing and Generating Eastfield Scheme) working alongside each other. During lockdown, the initiative will start with a programme of virtual activities. The first will ask for volunteers to support those in the community who have dementia. Students [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New initiative to harness teenagers&#039; community spirit launched by police and school in Eastfield - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-initiative-to-harness-teenagers-community-spirit-launched-by-police-and-school-in-eastfield/
title: New initiative to harness teenagers' community spirit launched by police and school in Eastfield
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-initiative-to-harness-teenagers-community-spirit-launched-by-police-and-school-in-eastfield/
```

Last modified: 19 May 2020 at 09:22am

Officers and police volunteers from Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team have joined forces with George Pindar School to provide a springboard for young people to be themselves and learn new skills, while harnessing their community spirit at the same time.

The initiative will see teams from North Yorkshire Police’s Operation Cracker and George Pindar School’s EDGE project (Enriching Developing and Generating Eastfield Scheme) working alongside each other.

During lockdown, the initiative will start with a programme of virtual activities. The first will ask for volunteers to support those in the community who have dementia. Students will receive training by the Alzheimer’s Society to become qualified Dementia Friends. As soon as possible, the Alzheimer’s Society will supplement the course with group sessions at the school.

North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue in Scarborough and Filey are offering a short course on fire safety and the operation of the fire service using their virtual conference room in each station. Young people will be given a virtual tour of the fire station by firefighters wearing body cams, followed by a short test at the end of the course.

A course is also planned for Police Cyber Ambassadors to provide students with virtual lessons on cybersecurity. These will offer educational games and activities which build cybersecurity skills.

Tracy Hall, Associate Assistant Vice Principal of George Pindar School, said: “We are delighted to get this initiative off the ground which will greatly help our ongoing joint work with the Filey and Eastfield Police.

“It will improve the life chances of all our young people. By engaging young people in Eastfield we can divert them away from anti-social behaviour and violence, support them to fulfil their potential and help our residents feel safer.”

Sergeant Dan Thompson, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Police Team, added: “We have assembled a dedicated multi-agency team who are tasked with addressing issues of anti-social behaviour and ensuring that residents' concerns are acted upon, as well as helping those who may have committed minor offences but can still be supported to go down a different path.

“I want to thank all those involved, as this type of work is vital and can only be done by working with partner organisations. Together, we can make a difference to the community and those most in need of support.

“Through this combined initiative we can identify and support vulnerable young people and build on their strengths, engage them in activities and help them develop and thrive.”

The new initiative is supported by a multi-agency team including: North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue; Beyond Housing; Westway Open Arms; NatWest Bank; Futureworks NY; Scarborough and Ryedale Carers Resource; the Alzheimer’s Society; McCain Foods and Sidewalk-Scarborough.

Once everything is returned to normal the initiative will expand into a full programme of activities within the community working with partner agencies.

Posted on 19 May 2020 at 08:20am in News stories
