```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-06-29T14:43:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 2am on Tuesday 26 June 2018, suspects targeted a property in the Conistone area. They attempted to break in to a secure outbuilding containing a quad bike, but were unsuccessful and may have been disturbed by a security light coming on. At about 4am the same day, a barn with a quad inside [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09/PCSO-Sally-Breen.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Quad bike security measures deter would-be Dales thieves - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-security-measures-deter-would-be-dales-thieves/
title: Quad bike security measures deter would-be Dales thieves
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-security-measures-deter-would-be-dales-thieves/
```

Last modified: 29 June 2018 at 03:43pm

Quad bike owners in rural North Yorkshire are being urged to review their security, after the attempted theft of two vehicles in the Dales.

At about 2am on Tuesday 26 June 2018, suspects targeted a property in the Conistone area. They attempted to break in to a secure outbuilding containing a quad bike, but were unsuccessful and may have been disturbed by a security light coming on.

At about 4am the same day, a barn with a quad inside was targeted in the Buckden area, again unsuccessfully. The suspects may have been disturbed by a sheepdog barking.

Anyone with information about the incidents, or who noticed anything suspicious around the same time, is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, choose option 1 and quote incident number 74 (Conistone) or 150 (Buckden) of 26 June 2018.

Quad bikes and all-terrain vehicles are among the items most likely to be stolen in rural areas. In light of the attempted thefts, North Yorkshire Police are urging owners to:

• Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads
• Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the vehicle
• Fit wheel clamps and/or locking posts, and consider an alarm
• Mark or customise your vehicle so it is easily identifiable
• Consider fitting GPS tracking devices for high-value vehicles
• Keep a record of all vehicles, including photographs and serial numbers

PCSO Sally Breen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “It’s far better to spend some time and money now on quality security measures than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“I am urging anyone who owns a quad bike – and particularly if they live in a rural area – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure.”

North Yorkshire Police are also continuing to urge people in rural areas to be vigilant, and report any suspicious activity to the police, as part of its ‘Call it in’ campaign. Even if it doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of information helps officers build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice.

Posted on 29 June 2018 at 03:43pm in News stories
