```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-12T14:36:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A 26-year-old male was assaulted on Kings Road by a group of unknown males. The incident started outside Bambinos takeaway whereby the victim was punched by one male causing him to fall backwards into the road. A few minutes later the same group were involved in an altercation outside Harrogate International Centre which resulted in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following a serious assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-assault/
title: Appeal for witnesses following a serious assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-assault/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Harrogate during the early hours of 28 May 2017

A 26-year-old male was assaulted on Kings Road by a group of unknown males.

The incident started outside Bambinos takeaway whereby the victim was punched by one male causing him to fall backwards into the road. A few minutes later the same group were involved in an altercation outside Harrogate International Centre which resulted in another man in the group punching the victim to the head.

The incidents occurred during a short timescale of around 5 minutes at about 4.30am.

If members of the public were present and can offer any information or evidence which would lead to the identification of the suspects this would be beneficial to the case. The victim was dressed in light coloured shorts and a light coloured t-shirt at the time.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identities of the suspects involved.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 437 Akram.
You can also email raheel.akram@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170093568.

Contact details:
 Raheel Akram \- #000437
raheel.akram@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101/ 30437
Incident reference:
 12170093568
Posted on 12 June 2017 at 02:36pm in Local appeals
