```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:33:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-25T11:33:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Ten people have been arrested during a day of action to crackdown on the supply of drugs in the Harrogate District.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Organised Crime Unit make 10 arrests in Harrogate drugs operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/organised-crime-unit-make-10-arrests-harrogate-drugs-operation/
title: Organised Crime Unit make 10 arrests in Harrogate drugs operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/organised-crime-unit-make-10-arrests-harrogate-drugs-operation/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:33am

Ten people have been arrested during a day of action to crackdown on the supply of drugs in the Harrogate District.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police's Organised Crime Unit, along with a Neighbourhood Support Team and local police, conducted a series of early morning raids in Harrogate and Knaresborough on Wednesday 24 June 2015.

During the raids officers seized Class A and Class B drugs along with a quantity of cash.

Arrests were made in connection with conspiracies to supply Class A and Class B drugs and money laundering.

Detective Inspector Nichola Holden, of North Yorkshire Police's Organised Crime Unit, said: "The fight against drugs in our communities is ongoing and one that North Yorkshire Police is totally committed to.

"We know that drugs can ruin people's lives and they also help to fund criminal lifestyles, which is why we are determined to ensure that we can cut off the supply wherever we can.

"I would like to thank residents for their patience during Wednesday's day of action and reassure them that we will always act on information provided to us about criminal activity in their area."

******Arrests**

**** A 37-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs during a warrant at a property in Spofforth. He has been released on bail following questioning to allow for further police enquiries. A 34-year-old woman was also arrested at the address and was given a cannabis warning.

A 36-year-old man and a 32-year-old woman were arrested at a property on Walworth Avenue, Harrogate, on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs and money laundering. They have been released on bail as enquiries continue

A 23-year-old man from Harrogate was arrested in Allerton Bywater on suspicion of conspiring to supply Class A and Class B drugs. He has been released on police bail as enquiries continue.

A 26-year-old man from Knaresborough was arrested on suspicion of money laundering. He has been released on bail as enquires continue

A 29-year-old man from Harrogate and a 23-year-old man from Knaresborough were both arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs when they attended Harrogate Police Station to answer bail for the same offence. They have been released on bail following questioning.

A 31-year-old woman was arrested at a property in Angel Gardens, Knaresborough, on suspicion of possessing Class A and Class B drugs with intent to supply. Following questioning she was released on police bail as enquiries continue.

A 35-year-old man was arrested on Kings Road, Harrogate, on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class b drugs. He has been released on police bail.

If you have information about drug dealing in your area, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**25 June 2015**

Posted on 25 June 2015 at 11:33am in News stories
