```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-12-12T11:22:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Two of the incidents were \u201C2-in-1\u201D burglaries where the suspects broke into the house, took the owners&#8217; keys and stole their car. In all four incidents, the suspects broke in by damaging the door locks on the\_rear doors to the property. They happened in Beech Avenue where a black Mini Cooper was stolen, Harlow Moor [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning and appeal following Harrogate burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-appeal-following-harrogate-burglaries/
title: Warning and appeal following Harrogate burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-appeal-following-harrogate-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2016 at 11:22am

Police in Harrogate have issued a warning and appeal to residents following four burglaries reported over the weekend of 9 – 11 December 2016.

Two of the incidents were “2-in-1” burglaries where the suspects broke into the house, took the owners' keys and stole their car.

In all four incidents, the suspects broke in by damaging the door locks on the rear doors to the property.

They happened in Beech Avenue where a black Mini Cooper was stolen, Harlow Moor Drive, where a blue Volkswagen Golf was stolen, Ash Road where various electrical items were taken - including a number of Apple products - and Leeds Road where a purse was stolen.

Officers are appealing for information about any suspicious people or vehicles seen in the areas of all four burglaries which are believed to have taken place overnight between Friday 9 December, Saturday 10 December with one being reported on 11 December due to the occupants being away.

It is believed that the suspects have crossed the border from the West Yorkshire area.

Police are also asking residents to take basic security measures to help reduce their chances of being targeted.

Detective Constable Quita Passmore of Harrogate Investigation Hub, said: “Simple measures such as leaving a light-timer on to make it look as though the house is occupied, activating any alarms that you have fitted, and removing valuables – including car keys - from view, can help reduce your chances of being burgled.

“The more obstacles you put in a thief’s way, the less likely they are to strike. Particularly in the run up to Christmas, criminals know there are valuable gifts inside our homes, so please do all you can to keep them out of sight and out of reach.”

More in-depth advice about door and window security can be found at _northyorkshire.police.uk/crimeprevention_ or securedbydesign.com

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate Investigation Hub.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160223066 when passing on information.

Posted on 12 December 2016 at 11:22am in News stories
