```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:47:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-09T09:57:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging Ripon residents to take extra steps to secure their sheds, garages and outbuildings, after a series of thefts in the city.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ripon shed and garage burglary warning - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ripon-shed-garage-burglary-warning/
title: Ripon shed and garage burglary warning
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ripon-shed-garage-burglary-warning/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:47am

Police are urging Ripon residents to take extra steps to secure their sheds, garages and outbuildings, after a series of thefts in the city.

Since October 2016, there have been 34 incidents of shed theft within the city, including nine in January alone.

Enquiries are ongoing, but police are asking people to take extra steps to protect their property from thieves.

PCSO Donna-Lise Taylor, of Ripon Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Although North Yorkshire is a very safe place, opportunist thieves will take any chance they can to steal property. I’m asking everyone in Ripon to be vigilant, to take a few minutes to check that their security is up to scratch.

"In particular, make sure shed doors are strong and padlocked, and fix grilles or mesh to any windows. Ensure gates and fences are well maintained, and consider installing low-energy security lights and using gravel on paths to warn of people approaching. Secure items inside sheds by locking together or using a ground anchor, and property mark all items – marked property is more difficult to dispose of and will deter an opportunist thief. You should also register all valuable items via the Immobilise website.

"Please also sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging, so we can keep you warned and informed about any further incidents in your area. And if you see anything suspicious, please contact us on 101."

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free system that lets people register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news in their neighbourhoods. People can register or download the free app for Apple and Android devices via www.nycm.co.uk.

Posted on 9 February 2017 at 09:57am in News stories
