```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:51:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-23T12:50:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police has praised those who took part in protests for the &quot;fracking&quot; planning application decision in Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police praise &quot;fracking&quot; protestors - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-praise-fracking-protestors/
title: Police praise "fracking" protestors
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-praise-fracking-protestors/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:51pm

North Yorkshire Police has praised those who took part in protests for the "fracking" planning application decision in Northallerton.

The two-day meeting, which concluded today (Monday 23 May 2016), has seen hundreds of people gather to air their views outside County Hall, North Yorkshire County Council.

The atmosphere largely remained good natured while North Yorkshire County Council and North Yorkshire Police facilitated lawful protest. No arrests have been made.

Superintendent Dave Hannan, Head of Specialist Operations at North Yorkshire Police, said: "This issue has generated a great deal of feeling in the local community and beyond. It also has potential to boil over into public disorder and unlawful behaviour.

"North Yorkshire Police worked closely with North Yorkshire County Council and liaised with representatives from all sides of this issue to mitigate this concern, whilst fulfilling our duty to facilitate lawful protest.

"I sincerely thank the protestors for their co-operation throughout the planning meeting and for respecting the local community by keeping disruption to a minimum. Positive feedback from the groups involved demonstrated that the neutral role of the police in these often challenging situations was understood and appreciated by the majority of those in attendance."

**23 May 2016 - 8pm**

Posted on 23 May 2016 at 12:50pm in News stories
