```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-29T11:56:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-29T11:10:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; On the evening of Friday 25 November the local Neighbourhood Policing Team led an operation to visit licensed premises and clubs within Richmondshire, providing advice to staff and reassurance to customers, and engaging with people socialising in the area. The visits were carried out in partnership with Donna McCarthy, Richmondshire District Council\u2019s Licensing Officer, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Canine crimefighter joins police, Army and council staff to keep Richmondshire revellers safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/canine-crimefighter-joins-police-army-council-staff-keep-richmondshire-revellers-safe/
title: Canine crimefighter joins police, Army and council staff to keep Richmondshire revellers safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/canine-crimefighter-joins-police-army-council-staff-keep-richmondshire-revellers-safe/
```

Last modified: 29 November 2016 at 11:56am

Police in Richmondshire have launched an operation to ensure everyone stays safe as they celebrate the festive season.

View image

On the evening of Friday 25 November the local Neighbourhood Policing Team led an operation to visit licensed premises and clubs within Richmondshire, providing advice to staff and reassurance to customers, and engaging with people socialising in the area.

The visits were carried out in partnership with Donna McCarthy, Richmondshire District Council’s Licensing Officer, members of the Royal Military Police, and the Garrison Sergeant Major.

Joining the team was Moss, a six-year-old black Labrador. Moss is trained to detect people who may be carrying illegal drugs. If Moss were to indicate a suspicion that someone was in possession of an illegal substance, officers would then take over, and make further enquiries and searches.

Inspector Mark Gee of North Yorkshire Police, who led the operation, said: “The whole team, and particularly Moss, were welcomed across the Richmond, Catterick and Garrison area, with people genuinely pleased to see our high-visibility, multi-agency patrols.

“Various premises were visited and we conducted a number of drug-related searches. It was pleasing to note that no arrests were made, and everyone we encountered was behaving within the law and enjoying a pleasant evening out.
“The Army, police and local authority all work well together on a daily basis, and our intention is that Richmondshire remains a safe and vibrant community in which to live, work and socialise.

“These operations will continue, so I would urge people to enjoy nights out throughout the party season, but to be mindful of their behaviour, and the amount of alcohol that they are consuming. If you are driving the next day, then do not drink the night before – you may well still be over the drink-drive limit. And never drive whilst under the influence of drugs.”

Posted on 29 November 2016 at 11:10am in News stories
