```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T11:02:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-27T11:01:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A father and son who were clocked riding their motorbikes at more than 100mph by an unmarked police rider have been banned from driving.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Driving bans for father and son bikers caught riding at 100mph - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driving-bans-father-son-bikers-caught-riding-100mph/
title: Driving bans for father and son bikers caught riding at 100mph
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driving-bans-father-son-bikers-caught-riding-100mph/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 11:02am

A father and son who were clocked riding their motorbikes at more than 100mph by an unmarked police rider have been banned from driving.

Steven John Maloney, 58, and his 30-year-old son Ashley Richard Maloney - both from Harrogate - were caught speeding on roads between Tadcaster and Sherburn in Elmet.

They were followed by an officer riding an unmarked motorcycle at speeds of up to 110mph.

Both were found guilty of excess speed and convicted following a trial at Northallerton Magistrates' Court yesterday (26 April 2016).

They were both sentenced to 70 days' disqualification from driving, and ordered to pay fines, costs and victim surcharges totalling £1,050 for the father and £1,130 for the son.

The offences took place on 9 May 2015.

Traffic Constable Martin Hayes of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group said: "The two riders in this case chose to ride at excessively high speeds and are now suffering the consequences of that choice.

"As the motorcycling season begins, this should serve as a reminder to all road users that we welcome law-abiding drivers and riders to North Yorkshire to enjoy the roads and ride responsibly.

"However, North Yorkshire Police employs a number of enforcement methods including the use of marked and unmarked cars and motorcycles along with the safety camera vans and the courts will deal robustly with any offences reported to them."

Posted on 27 April 2016 at 11:01am in News stories
