```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-25T09:59:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-25T09:58:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The crash happened on Tadcaster Road junction with Knavesmire Road at 10.45pm on Tuesday, 5 March 2019. It involved a black estate believed to be a taxi. After colliding with the pedestrian, the vehicle was driven off immediately leaving the pedestrian injured at the scene. Police and the Yorkshire Ambulance Service attended the scene and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/Tadcaster-Rd-RTC-PC0041.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'New CCTV image: Police urge driver to come forward after crash - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-cctv-image-police-urge-driver-to-come-forward-after-crash/
title: 'New CCTV image: Police urge driver to come forward after crash'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-cctv-image-police-urge-driver-to-come-forward-after-crash/
```

Last modified: 25 March 2019 at 09:59am

Police have released images of a car they are trying to trace following a collision, and are urging the driver to come forward immediately.

The crash happened on Tadcaster Road junction with Knavesmire Road at 10.45pm on Tuesday, 5 March 2019. It involved a black estate believed to be a taxi.

After colliding with the pedestrian, the vehicle was driven off immediately leaving the pedestrian injured at the scene. Police and the Yorkshire Ambulance Service attended the scene and paramedics took the injured man to hospital. He has since been discharged and is recovering at home from slight injuries.

Police have already made an appeal for information and witnesses. However, new footage has since come to light and officers are appealing directly to the driver of the black estate car in the picture involved to come forward and contact police immediately.

PC David Ellison, who is investigating the incident, said: "Until then there are some ongoing lines of enquiry of which I remain confident will lead us to the driver responsible."

If you were the driver, or if you have any information that could assist the investigation, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dave Ellison. You can also email david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190040611 when sharing information.

Contact details:
 DAVE ELLISON \- #0041
david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30041
Incident reference:
 12190040611
Posted on 25 March 2019 at 09:58am in Local appeals, News stories
