```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-12T14:38:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-11T15:42:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: He was 20-year-old Christopher Wray of Lendales Lane in Pickering. At around 8.30pm on Saturday evening, Christopher was driving a blue Volkswagen Polo towards Pickering, when the vehicle left the road near Appleton-le-Moors. He sadly died at the scene. Officers are conducting enquiries to establish the circumstances around the incident and witnesses are asked to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man who died in collision on A170 near Kirbymoorside is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a170-collision-ryedale/
title: Man who died in collision on A170 near Kirbymoorside is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a170-collision-ryedale/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2017 at 02:38pm

Police are now in a position to name the man who died following a collision on the A170 near Kirbymoorside on Saturday 9 December 2017.

He was 20-year-old Christopher Wray of Lendales Lane in Pickering.

At around 8.30pm on Saturday evening, Christopher was driving a blue Volkswagen Polo towards Pickering, when the vehicle left the road near Appleton-le-Moors. He sadly died at the scene.

Officers are conducting enquiries to establish the circumstances around the incident and witnesses are asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to Hamish Halloway or Lee Cobb.

You can also email Traffic Sergeant Halloway at hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Traffic Constable Cobb on Lee.Cobb@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170220416.

**Original Appeal issued Monday 11 December 2017**

**Appeal after driver dies in A170 collision in Ryedale**

A man in his 20s has died following a collision on the A170 near Kirkbymoorside.

Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident, which happened at around 8.30pm on Saturday (9 December 2017).

The car, a blue Volkswagen Polo, was travelling towards Pickering when it left the road near the junction with Appleton-le-Moors. It travelled down an embankment before coming to rest in a field.

Ambulance and fire crews also attended and the driver was treated by paramedics. Sadly, he was pronounced dead shortly afterwards.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and carry out investigations.

The man is believed to be from the Pickering area but police are not currently in a position to release his identity.

Officers are carrying out enquiries to determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or saw the blue Volkswagen Polo in the moments leading up to it, should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Hamish Halloway or Lee Cobb.

You can also email Traffic Sergeant Halloway at hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Traffic Constable Cobb on Lee.Cobb@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170220416 when sharing information.

Posted on 11 December 2017 at 03:42pm in News stories
