```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-01T16:33:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: I have been lucky enough to have the opportunity to work in a real variety of roles in North Yorkshire Police, working closely with my community in neighbourhood policing, working in the Force Control Room, planning and advising for public order events, working on projects that make a real difference to the way we help [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Simon-Williamson-259x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Inspector Simon Williamson talks about positive action from a white, male perspective - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-simon-williamson-talks-about-positive-action-from-a-white-male-perspective/
title: Inspector Simon Williamson talks about positive action from a white, male perspective
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-simon-williamson-talks-about-positive-action-from-a-white-male-perspective/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2019 at 04:33pm

I am very privileged to be serving as an inspector in North Yorkshire Police, and after over 14 years still feel excitement about what each day will bring, and the difference I can make. I am currently the inspector in the intelligence unit, which is a fascinating and challenging role.

I have been lucky enough to have the opportunity to work in a real variety of roles in North Yorkshire Police, working closely with my community in neighbourhood policing, working in the Force Control Room, planning and advising for public

Inspector Simon Williamson

order events, working on projects that make a real difference to the way we help the public and working as a response constable and sergeant to name a few.

Whatever the difficulties and downsides of police work, when I speak to friends outside the police I always find myself thinking that their jobs are a lot less interesting than mine.

I joined North Yorkshire Police in 2005 aged 27, after spending six unfulfilling years working in private industry. Many of my friends and family were surprised by my decision to change career, but I immediately felt at home on the Scarborough Response Team and knew I had made the right decision.

Throughout my career NYP has supported me, with flexible working to look after my young children, location changes to allow me to move to support my wife’s career and supporting me through further education. I want everybody who joins North Yorkshire Police to feel as welcome and supported as I was, and I am passionate about supporting Positive Action.

Everyone who joins the police service will face their own challenges, but as a white heterosexual male from a policing family background, I realise the support network that I have had - both from my own family and within the organisation. And I am conscious that not everybody from more diverse backgrounds would have enjoyed the same support.

The North Yorkshire Police I joined in 2005 still had a long way to go to become more diverse and inclusive; and I’m proud to be part of an organisation which is striving to be truly open and to support everybody to be their true self.
Although as a white male I may not be the most obvious supporter of Positive Action, I’m also a resident of North Yorkshire, the father of two daughters and the husband of a wife whose father is Iranian, so I want to do my bit to make North Yorkshire Police a place that represents the whole community and is inclusive for everybody.

Positive Action isn’t about giving anybody an advantage, but ensuring that everybody gets the support they need to start from the same place to reach the standard required. The police service has talked about becoming more diverse for decades, but we still have a long way to go and I think we would all agree that we needed a new approach.

Members of the policing family have at times very difficult roles, and it’s vitally important we all support each other. In my role I have spoken with several Police officers who had been the victims of abuse by members of the public because of their ethnicity or gender, whilst on duty protecting the public. I know from speaking to some of these officers not only how distressing this can be, but how important the reactions of other officers are. Where in the past colleagues have stood back, this has had a hugely negative effect on the officers who have been abused, but when officers immediately intervene and show a zero tolerance approach they demonstrate our commitment to creating a truly inclusive place of work.

Posted on 1 November 2019 at 04:33pm in News stories
