```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-20T17:20:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Tang Hall Lane with the junction of Fifth Avenue around 11.20pm on Wednesday 18 October 2017 and involved a vehicle pulling out of Fifth Avenue onto Tang Hall Lane that collided with a cycle that was travelling down Tang Hall Lane from Hull Road. The vehicle did not stop and the cyclist [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after York cyclist injured by driver who failed to stop - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-fail-to-stop-rtc/
title: Appeal after York cyclist injured by driver who failed to stop
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-fail-to-stop-rtc/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information after a York cyclist was injured a driver that failed to stop at the scene of the collision

It happened on Tang Hall Lane with the junction of Fifth Avenue around 11.20pm on Wednesday 18 October 2017 and involved a vehicle pulling out of Fifth Avenue onto Tang Hall Lane that collided with a cycle that was travelling down Tang Hall Lane from Hull Road.

The vehicle did not stop and the cyclist was left on the road in the junction of Fifth Avenue where he was found by members of the public passing by, who phoned for an Ambulance. The cyclist was taken to York Hospital for treatment and treated for a possible fractured collarbone, abrasions and bruises.

It is alleged that the cyclist went onto the bonnet of the vehicle, which may have caused damage to the front of the vehicle involved.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the vehicle that did not stop, unfortunately at this time we have no vehicle type, make or model. But we urge people to look out for vehicles with unexplained fresh front-end damage.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 522 Chris Dalby You can also email chris.dalby@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170187395.

Contact details:
 Chris Dalby \- #0522
chris.dalby@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 - ext 30522
Incident reference:
 12170187395
Posted on 20 October 2017 at 06:20pm in Local appeals
