```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:37:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-10T14:36:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked on his way home from work.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police investigate violent racist and homophobic assault in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigate-violent-racist-homophobic-assault-harrogate/
title: Police investigate violent racist and homophobic assault in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-investigate-violent-racist-homophobic-assault-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:37pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked on his way home from work.

The 19-year-old, who is Asian, was targeted by two men after getting off the 1C bus on Knaresborough Road, Harrogate, and walking down Swarcliffe Road.

He walked past the two men, who grabbed him and held his arms behind his back. One man pushed him forward while the other punched and kicked him in the head. The victim received numerous small cuts to his face and head.

During the attack, the two men are said to have made racial and homophobic remarks.

Police are treating the incident - which took place just after midnight on 28 January 2016 - as a race-hate and homophobic attack.

One of the suspects is described as white and in his mid to late 40s. He had very short, shaved hair, was a chunky or fat build and had neatly-shaven sideburns. He is described as having excess skin on his neck, like a "turkey neck".

He was dressed in workwear including a navy blue outdoor coat, dirty blue jeans and tan or sand-coloured Timberland-style workers' boots, with construction-type dirt on them.

He is said to have spoken with a local accent and wore a plain gold wedding band on his wedding ring finger.

The second suspect is described as a chunky or fat white man who is also in his mid to late 40s. He had short, thinning hair and a bit of stubble. He wore a black leather bomber jacket, jeans, brown workers' boots and had a blue tattoo on one of his wrists.

A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said: "We'd urge anyone who witnessed this incident, or has any information, to contact police immediately on 101. Please ask for Rebecca Wood and quote incident number NYP-28012016-0193."

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 10 February 2016 at 02:36pm in News stories
