```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-06T10:54:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-06T10:44:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Holgate Road, near the junction of Blossom Street, sometime between 12.30am and 1.30am on Saturday 4 July 2020. The victim, a man in his 40s, was taken to an area described as having a number of four story flats by a man who was aged around 19-20 years-old. The victim was then [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-in-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-in-york/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2020 at 11:54am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in York.

It happened on Holgate Road, near the junction of Blossom Street, sometime between 12.30am and 1.30am on Saturday 4 July 2020.

The victim, a man in his 40s, was taken to an area described as having a number of four story flats by a man who was aged around 19-20 years-old.

The victim was then attacked by another four men, also aged around 19-20 years-old and wearing dark clothing, who stole the victim's Jack Wolfskin jacket and a quantity of cash.

The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance where he was treated for four cuts, that required stitching, and swelling around the eye.

The man who walked the victim to the attack is is described as having dark hair, approx. 5ft 9ins tall and of skinny build. He was wearing a black Burghaus jacket, black jogging bottoms and dark Nike air max trainers.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any groups of males aged around 19-20 that were hanging around near Blossom Street, Holgate Road and Lowther Terrace.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Harl Pattison. You can also email Harl.Pattison@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200112938 .

Contact details:
 Harl Pattison \- #0935
Harl.Pattison@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 33807
Incident reference:
 12200112938
Posted on 6 July 2020 at 11:44am in Local appeals
