```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-12-27T15:47:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first one happened on the footpath between Scarborough Bridge and Aldborough Way in York at approximately 8.25pm on 26 December 2017, when the victim, a 24-year-old man had his wallet and phone stolen by a man who was in possession of a knife. The suspect in this case, who is described as being in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Boxing Night robberies in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-boxing-night-robberies-york/
title: Appeal following Boxing Night robberies in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-boxing-night-robberies-york/
```

Last modified: 27 December 2017 at 03:47pm

Police in York have issued an appeal for information and are warning members of the public to be on their guard following three robberies in the city on Boxing Day night.

The first one happened on the footpath between Scarborough Bridge and Aldborough Way in York at approximately 8.25pm on 26 December 2017, when the victim, a 24-year-old man had his wallet and phone stolen by a man who was in possession of a knife. The suspect in this case, who is described as being in his late twenties or early thirties, then left the area on foot back towards the centre of York.

A second robbery happened on Holgate Road at around 11.25pm. Again the victim, a 25-year-old man, was approached by a man with a knife, this time the suspect walked with the victim towards the iron bridge and stole his wallet and phone before leaving the scene on foot across the iron bridge.

In both these incidents, although the suspect was seen to have a knife, no-one was physically injured.

The third robbery happened at around 11.30pm when the victim had his coat snatched from him by a man on a bicycle as he walked along Holgate Road. No knife was seen during this incident.

Officers are treating the first two incidents as linked, and the potential that the third incident may be linked to them.

Detectives are appealing to anyone who was in the areas at the time and may have witnessed the incidents or has any other information to contact them.

They are also advising members of the public to be on their guard until the suspect has been caught. Detective Sergeant Matthew Wilkinson, said: “York is a very safe city, however, these robberies are concerning and until the suspect is caught, we advise people to be aware and on their guard if they are walking in the area at night time.

“If anyone has any information about the incidents, please get in touch as soon as possible.”

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, press option 2 and ask for York Serious Crime Team.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12170230075 when passing on information.

Posted on 27 December 2017 at 03:47pm in News stories
