```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-27T14:04:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-27T13:59:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Project Cracker will see officers and PCSOs working alongside teams of volunteers and partner agencies, calling on residents \u2013 young and old \u2013 in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people. It will also see events such as property marking, fraud awareness sessions and police surgeries. Home visits will be [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/DEC_6099-1024x709.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Project Cracker \u2013 promoting safer York communities in time for Christmas - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-cracker-promoting-safer-york-communities-in-time-for-christmas/
title: "Project Cracker \u2013 promoting safer York communities in time for Christmas"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-cracker-promoting-safer-york-communities-in-time-for-christmas/
```

Last modified: 27 November 2019 at 02:04pm

Police stations arcross York are launching a winter initiative to keep older residents safe during the run up to Christmas and into the New Year.

Project Cracker will see officers and PCSOs working alongside teams of volunteers and partner agencies, calling on residents – young and old – in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people. It will also see events such as property marking, fraud awareness sessions and police surgeries.

Home visits will be carried out across York throughout December. Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an eye out for their more vulnerable neighbours.

Project Cracker is a partnership initiative, drawing in support and expertise from different organisations, including Older Citizens Advocacy York, Age UK York, Kyra Women's Project and City of York Council, along with local community groups and churches.

Chris Turner, Citizens in Policing Coordinator for North Yorkshire Police, said: "For some members of the community, this can often be a very lonely time of year. It is also the time of year when they are most vulnerable. For the elderly, a change in temperature can leave them at further risk of illness and the festive season means they can be more vulnerable to crime.

"Project Cracker involves your local Neighbourhood Policing Team working alongside volunteers and other organisations, making sure they have the right support to get them safely through this season, which for some can be tough."

**Dates and events:**

 * Friday 29th November – Barclays Bank fraud awareness session
 * Monday 9th December – Keep Safe From Fraud session, York Explore Library Acomb, 1pm
 * Friday 13th December – Keep Safe from Fraud session, York Train Station, 5pm-7.30pm
 * Wednesday 18th December – Santander Bank fraud awareness session
 * Friday 20th December – Keep Safe from Fraud session, York Explore Library Acomb, 1pm

Posted on 27 November 2019 at 01:59pm in News stories
