```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-20T09:11:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-15T09:10:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have made 69 arrests in the first two weeks of their summer drink and drug driving campaign.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Nearly 70 arrests made in the first two weeks of drink and drug driving campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nearly-70-arrests-made-first-two-weeks-drink-drug-driving-campaign/
title: Nearly 70 arrests made in the first two weeks of drink and drug driving campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nearly-70-arrests-made-first-two-weeks-drink-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2016 at 09:11am

North Yorkshire Police have made 69 arrests in the first two weeks of their summer drink and drug driving campaign.

So far 69 people have been arrested for drink driving and drug driving. These figures represent an alarming 41% increase in drink driving arrests and a shocking rise of 120% in drug driving arrests.

Of the 69 arrests, nine people have provided drink drive readings in excess of 100, over two and a half times the legal limit (35ug per 100ml of breath). The highest reading registered by police was provided by a 45-year-old woman from Malton, who was arrested at 1pm. She returned a result of 150ug - over four times the legal limit.

Of the 22 arrests made for drug driving, 17 have resulted from the new roadside drug wipe tests. The drug wipe kits were introduced by North Yorkshire Police last year and can return a positive result in less than ten minutes. One persistent offender, a 26-year-old man from Scarborough, has been arrested on three separate occasion over the two weeks of the campaign for drug driving. He currently remains on police bail.

Some of those arrested and charged in the first days of the campaign have already been dealt with by the courts. 28-year-old Eleanor Dalton from Thorpe Willoughby, Selby was arrested on the 2 June after providing breath alcohol reading of 102ug. She appeared at York Magistrates Court eight days later and was disqualified from driving for 25 months, fined £200 and ordered to pay £115 in costs.

46-year-old Stephen Malcolm Parnaby from Bingley was arrested on the 2 June after providing a breath alcohol reading of 91ug. He appeared at Skipton Magistrates Court and was disqualified from driving for 24 months, fined £400 and ordered to pay £125 in costs.

North Yorkshire Police have released another short film, this time focusing on the tragedy and devastation drink driving can cause. The film shows Bob Allaway. In October 2015 Bob was riding his motorbike on the A65 near Settle when he was involved in a head on collision with a drunk driver. Bob sadly died at the roadside.

The investigation into the collision found that the drunk driver had driven his vehicle across double white lines directly into the path of Bob's bike. The driver was found to be over twice the legal limit. He pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention whilst over the prescribed legal limit and was sentenced to four years and eight months in prison.

Commenting on the results of the campaign so far, Sgt Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said:

"It's disappointing to see that some people are choosing to ignore our message - drink and drug driving wrecks lives. It's as simple as that, yet some still fail to grasp it and think that they won't cause harm or be caught."

"As the tragic death of Bob Allaway clearly shows - if you choose to drink or take drugs and get behind the wheel, you are not only putting your own life at risk but the lives of innocent members of the public."

"The number of arrests made so far reflect the fact that North Yorkshire Police are out on the roads and are serious and committed to catching drink and drug drivers and bringing them to justice."

"We continue to appeal to members of the public, if you know of someone driving under the influence of drink or drugs - please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or report anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. Your actions could save a person's life"

Posted on 15 June 2016 at 09:10am in News stories
