```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-29T08:53:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-26T21:36:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Update 29 September 2020\_ Police are not treating the death as suspicious and a report will now be prepared for HM Coroner. Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Steve Menzies said: \u201CThe overarching circumstances will be for HM Coroner to rule upon but this is a very sad incident where the deceased has inflicted injuries on [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE: Incident on Harcourt Drive, Harrogate 23/08/20 - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/incident-on-harcourt-drive-harrogate/
title: 'UPDATE: Incident on Harcourt Drive, Harrogate 23/08/20'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/incident-on-harcourt-drive-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 29 September 2020 at 09:53am

**Update 29 September 2020**

Police are not treating the death as suspicious and a report will now be prepared for HM Coroner.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Steve Menzies said: “The overarching circumstances will be for HM Coroner to rule upon but this is a very sad incident where the deceased has inflicted injuries on himself and caused injury to his relative who tried to help him. Despite valiant attempts by neighbours, police and ambulance staff to administer first aid in a traumatic situation, his injury proved to be fatal.

“This was an isolated and tragic incident and North Yorkshire Police are not looking for anyone else in connection with it. Thankfully the injured man is making a good recovery. He and neighbours are being supported by specialist officers and the partnership Major Incident Response Team (MIRT) while a Coroner’s file is being prepared. The full circumstances will be heard at the inquest.

“Subsequently a Harrogate man was issued with a police caution for attending the area and posting live images of the incident on social media as first aiders were desperately trying to save the man’s life. Such actions show no compassion or thought for those involved, are distressing for extended friends and family and will not be tolerated.”

**********************************************************************************************************

26 August 2020

Around 7.15pm on Sunday 23 August 2020 police attended an incident on Harcourt Drive, Harrogate. Two men had sustained injuries, one is being treated in hospital and the second man was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene.

Senior Investigating Officer DI Steve Menzies, North Yorkshire Police Major Crime Team, states "I can reassure the residents of Harrogate that this is a tragic and isolated incident and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.

"Our thoughts and sincere condolences go out to the family of the man who sadly lost his life. Further details will be released when possible."

"I would like to appeal again to anyone who witnessed, including recording, the incident or events leading up to it to get in touch by calling 101, quoting reference: 12200147262. Thank you."

North Yorkshire Police is not treating the man's death as suspicious and investigations are ongoing.

Posted on 26 August 2020 at 10:36pm in News stories
