```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-12-15T14:44:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "David Keith Ward, 55, of Scarborough pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced at Scarborough Magistrates\u2019 Court on 14 December 2017. Ward was arrested and charged following a break-in at St Catherine\u2019s Hospice Shop on Ramshill Road, overnight on 29 to 30 May 2017. The break-in was discovered by staff at the store when they [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/David-Kieth-Ward-07091962-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough man given community order after stealing from charity shop - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-given-community-order-stealing-charity-shop/
title: Scarborough man given community order after stealing from charity shop
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-given-community-order-stealing-charity-shop/
```

Last modified: 15 December 2017 at 02:44pm

A Scarborough man has been issued with a nine-month community order after he admitted stealing from a charity shop in the town.

David Keith Ward, 55, of Scarborough pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced at Scarborough Magistrates’ Court on 14 December 2017.

Ward was arrested and charged following a break-in at St Catherine’s Hospice Shop on Ramshill Road, overnight on 29 to 30 May 2017.

The break-in was discovered by staff at the store when they opened up for the morning and found a window had been smashed and a large quantity of vintage Matchbox car models had been stolen.

Detective Constable David Ward of Scarborough Investigation Hub, investigated the offence. He said: “This was an act of dishonesty and selfishness without any thought for how it would affect others. I cannot understand why anyone would target a charity shop that raises funds for the care, comfort and wellbeing of people with serious and life-shortening illnesses.

“David Ward simply did not care about his actions that day or how they would have affected customers, staff and volunteers, who give their valuable time in a selfless effort to make life better for other people.

“The staff at the store have my utmost respect for their efforts and time and they should be able to work and volunteer without fear of being victim of a crime.

“We acted swiftly to locate Ward and recover their property and I am happy that I can now return it to them intact.”

Ward was also ordered to pay £100 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.

Posted on 15 December 2017 at 02:44pm in News stories
