```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-08T11:51:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-08T10:19:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Operation Checkpoint \u2013 which is the biggest rural policing operation of its kind in the country \u2013 saw more than 100 vehicles stopped and checked in the Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Northumbria and North Yorkshire areas. The high-visibility police presence across the region is designed to reassure local residents and businesses, and deter criminals attempting to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police hail &#039;superb&#039; commitment of volunteers in rural crime clampdown - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-hail-superb-commitment-of-volunteers-in-rural-crime-clampdown/
title: Police hail 'superb' commitment of volunteers in rural crime clampdown
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-hail-superb-commitment-of-volunteers-in-rural-crime-clampdown/
```

Last modified: 8 August 2019 at 12:51pm

More than 120 volunteers supported police officers and staff across the North of England as part of an ongoing clampdown on rural crime.

Operation Checkpoint – which is the biggest rural policing operation of its kind in the country – saw more than 100 vehicles stopped and checked in the Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Northumbria and North Yorkshire areas.

The high-visibility police presence across the region is designed to reassure local residents and businesses, and deter criminals attempting to target rural communities. Volunteers contribute expert local knowledge, and act as the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police, allowing officers to respond to information and intelligence in real time.

Running from the evening of Tuesday 6 August into the early hours of Wednesday 7 August, the operation resulted in five arrests, mainly for traffic offences, and is one of several Checkpoint deployments due to take place this year.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “The support and commitment from residents in rural areas continues to be absolutely superb. Our Mobile Rural Watch volunteers give up their own time to work alongside the police, and help protect their communities from harm.

“I can’t emphasise enough the importance of these dedicated individuals – many of them have been helping their local police for many years, and they continue to make a huge contribution in the fight against rural crime.

“Once again, the high-visibility presence and intelligence-led patrols for Operation Checkpoint will have sent a strong message to criminals who use road networks to who target rural areas: their illegal activity will not be tolerated.

“Officers received several really positive comments about the effort we have been putting in to patrolling rural communities, and I can assure people that we will keep up the pressure, and continue to work extremely hard to keep those communities safe.”

Mobile Rural Watches operate across the North Yorkshire countryside, supporting the force’s Neighbourhood Policing Teams and Rural Taskforce. Volunteers use their own vehicles, and are equipped with police radios so they can communicate with officers. By drawing on the expert local knowledge of the volunteers, any suspicious activity or vehicles can be checked out in real time. To find out more about Rural Watch schemes elsewhere in North Yorkshire, contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team, or Rural Taskforce officer, by dialling 101.

Posted on 8 August 2019 at 11:19am in News stories
