```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-23T08:31:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: I consider myself very privileged to serve as the Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police and, as far as I know, I am the first black and minority ethnic person to hold that position. I have got here thanks to people who have helped me at each stage of my life. A real example [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/DCC-Cain-pride-255x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'My Story: Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain - the half-Chinese council estate kid who didn&#039;t even know what a-levels were - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/my-story-deputy-chief-constable-phil-cain-the-half-chinese-council-estate-kid-who-didnt-even-know-what-a-levels-were/
title: 'My Story: Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain - the half-Chinese council estate kid who didn''t even know what a-levels were'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/my-story-deputy-chief-constable-phil-cain-the-half-chinese-council-estate-kid-who-didnt-even-know-what-a-levels-were/
```

Last modified: 23 August 2019 at 09:31am

"Glass ceilings and falling between the cracks” - my personal journey

I consider myself very privileged to serve as the Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police and, as far as I know, I am the first black and minority ethnic person to hold that position.

Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain

I have got here thanks to people who have helped me at each stage of my life. A real example of positive action in action, so to speak.

I am half Chinese, and for some I don't count as being black enough to represent them, and for others I have only got where I am because of my Chinese heritage and not because I was the best person for the job. Although these views are from a minority, they still exist and why I sometimes feel like I fall between the cracks!

I am proud of my background now, but that was not always the case.

As a young boy who only spoke Cantonese until I was three or four years old, I tried to hide the fact that my mother was Chinese, and I didn't even want to eat Chinese food. This was because I used to hate the comments that came with my heritage - being called 'Chinky' or having someone pull their eyes into a narrow shape and sing “Ying-tong-China-man”.

At the same time I loved my childhood and still have many great friends from those days, and thankfully the negative experiences were in the minority compared to the fond memories I have of growing up in North Yorkshire.

When I joined North Yorkshire Police I didn’t declare my true ethnicity because I thought it might affect my application. In fact, at that time my ethnicity would have been recorded as mixed white/other. So even on an official form, I would still have fallen between the cracks. Now I realise how wrong I was, but I am sure there will be those out there who will understand why I did this.

I come from a single parent family, with a mother who doesn't read or write English. I was born in Germany, lived in Malaysia and came to live in the UK when I was around four years old. After my father left us, and until my sister was older, I was the only person in my family who could read or write English.

We lived in local authority housing in Colburn near Catterick. I didn't know it then, but I would have been described as coming from a challenging and under-privileged background. Apparently, according to some, “kids from my background don't do very well…”

As I grew up, my family were fortunate to receive the support of some fantastic public services in North Yorkshire. I would not be where I am today without the support and guidance of a great many people in my life – both personal and professional – some of whom I still work with.

At age seven it was my job to fill in the council house applications and benefit forms – not something I would wish on any child. When my mum was in hospital, my sister and I were fostered by Kath and Eric, again through the local authority, and I also had the benefit of free school meals. It is because of this care that I received, that I am determined to work with our great public sector agencies in North Yorkshire to play our part in ensuring other children can have the same level of support that my sister and I received.

I have a passion for ensuring North Yorkshire Police is truly a public service for all, and that we are an inclusive organisation that promotes equity amongst our workforce.

To do this we must embrace and value our differences and not hide them away like I did at the beginning.

Many within our minority communities look to their police officers as role models for their younger generation and we shouldn't shy away from that responsibility.

**Creating the same starting line for everyone**

It matters not which box you tick, but that with the right support and determination you have every chance to succeed. That is why North Yorkshire Police will ensure that difference is recognised and we will develop people so they get to the same starting line as everyone else, before they run their own fair race.

It is funny how some things remain in your memory over time. I recall having a meeting with a schools’ career advisor. All I wanted to be was a police officer. I was told to forget that because I was never going to be tall enough! Well thank goodness they changed that rule, because I may not be the tallest, but here I am as the Deputy Chief Constable in the county where I grew up.

I didn't know it at the time, but just because of my background, a glass ceiling existed. If I had, I think I am just so stubborn that I would have been determined to break through it anyway.

I didn’t have conversations about doing A-levels and the pathway to university – nobody in my family had ever been to university. I suppose it was assumed that because of my background, I just wouldn’t do such things. It saddens me that even today that very same glass ceiling still affects some young people.

Determination, drive and hard work is important if you want to succeed, but whether you are from a disadvantaged background, a minority group, or face discrimination for being you, we will support you and get you to that equal starting line.

The support and guidance I received helped me to get to that starting line. The rest was up to me.

But after all this time I am proud of my heritage and teach it to my children. I go back to my old school every year to attend the students’ annual awards ceremony. I tell them I am from Colburn and that glass ceilings were meant to be broken.

I champion diversity and inclusion in the police service and I know that North Yorkshire Police is an amazing place to work if you want to come and be your best self every day and help to keep our communities safe.

So be proud of who you are, your heritage and differences. For far too long I wasn't and I was wrong.

And remember – those ceilings are made to be broken!

Phil joined North Yorkshire Police in 2001 following a 13-year career in the RAF.

Posted on 23 August 2019 at 09:31am in News stories
