```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:05:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-13T20:04:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two ten-year-olds from Scarborough are giving up their own time over the summer holidays to raise funds for good causes, as part of a North Yorkshire Police competition.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police competition sees Scarborough youngsters fundraise for charity over the summer holidays - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-competition-sees-scarborough-youngsters-fundraise-charity-summer-holidays/
title: Police competition sees Scarborough youngsters fundraise for charity over the summer holidays
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-competition-sees-scarborough-youngsters-fundraise-charity-summer-holidays/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:05pm

Two ten-year-olds from Scarborough are giving up their own time over the summer holidays to raise funds for good causes, as part of a North Yorkshire Police competition.

Ben Peckitt and Saul Bateman are taking part in the Lifestyle competition under the team name Banana Waffles. The boys have decided to collect donations of canned and dried food as well as fundraise for the Rainbow Centre, the Salvation Army and SASH.

They said: "It makes us sad to see homeless people when we go to town so we wanted to do something to help. If everyone we know donated even one packet of food, that would help lots of families to have a decent meal, something that we take for granted each and every day.

"We would like to encourage members of the public and local business to take part and help us gather together donations. If you would like to donate something and help us help people locally, please get in touch with our adult leader Jodie Peckitt at pecki@talktalk.net."

Lifestyle is a competition run by North Yorkshire Police that challenges young people to carry out community-based projects over the summer holidays. Now in its third year, it has seen projects take place all over the county and involved hundreds of young people in activities such as beach cleaning, holding family fun days, sports activities, crime prevention schemes and fund raising.

Each team completes a log book detailing their hard work and these are judged at the end of September by a panel including Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan and local businesses and partner agencies.

An awards ceremony is held in November at York Racecourse and teams can win prizes from mountain bikes and Kindles to PGL Adventure Holidays.

PC Suzanne Asquith, organiser of the Lifestyle Challenge, said: "This is exactly why we started the Lifestyle Challenge, so young people like Ben and Saul can have a positive impact on their community and improve the lives of people living there. Well done to both of them and keep up the good work!"

The Lifestyle Challenge carries on throughout the summer with all work finishing on 6 September. You can sign up all through the holidays by registering online at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle

**13 August 2015**

Posted on 13 August 2015 at 08:04pm in News stories
