```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-09-30T10:20:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Both incidents occurred at the store on Prince&#8217;s Gate Shopping Park and involved two women removing numerous perfume and fragrance bottles and placing them into their handbags before leaving the store without paying. The first incident occurred at 4.55pm on Wednesday 18 September 2019 and the second at 3.55pm on Friday 20 September 2019. We [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Capture11.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following recent shop thefts in Catterick Garrison - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-shop-thefts-in-catterick-garrison/
title: Appeal following recent shop thefts in Catterick Garrison
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-shop-thefts-in-catterick-garrison/
```

Last modified: 30 September 2019 at 11:20am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information regarding two shop theft incidents that occurred at the Boots store in Catterick Garrison.

Both incidents occurred at the store on Prince's Gate Shopping Park and involved two women removing numerous perfume and fragrance bottles and placing them into their handbags before leaving the store without paying.

The first incident occurred at 4.55pm on Wednesday 18 September 2019 and the second at 3.55pm on Friday 20 September 2019.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the names of the alleged shoplifters, one who is believed to have been present on both occasions.

The first woman is described as in her late 20s to early 30s, of medium build, approximately 5ft 6ins tall, with long brown hair tied up in a mid pony tail. She was wearing a black zip up hoody, black trousers and black trainers and was carrying a large black handbag with a white handle strap.

The second woman is described as being in her late 30s, also of medium build, approximately 5ft 4ins tall, with long dark brown hair, worn down with a small clip holding up some hair at the back. She was wearing a purple raincoat, trousers, trainers and carrying a large tan coloured handbag.

The third woman is described as late 20s, early 30s of medium build, approximately 5 foot 6 and with short dark brown hair with a short ponytail. She was wearing a dark coloured vest top, with blue jeans and trainers and carrying a large dark coloured shoulder bag.

A vehicle that is believed to have picked up the two females on Wednesday 18 September was a Green Renault Picasso.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. You can also email 000902@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190174882

Contact details:
 Mark Calland \- #0902
000902@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190174882
Posted on 30 September 2019 at 11:20am in Local appeals
