```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-29T09:45:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The assault approximately\_4.55pm on Thursday 25 October 2018 and involved two men in their late teens to early 20&#8217;s. One of the men was pushing a mountain bike. The two men carried out an unprovoked attack on another\_man who was walking with\_a woman\_towards the footbridge over the railway line toward Carleton Road. We are requesting [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault on a man in Burnside Avenue, Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-a-man-in-burnside-avenue-skipton/
title: Appeal following assault on a man in Burnside Avenue, Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-on-a-man-in-burnside-avenue-skipton/
```

Last modified: 29 October 2018 at 09:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Burnside Avenue, Skipton near to the entrance to Brooklands School.

The assault approximately 4.55pm on Thursday 25 October 2018 and involved two men in their late teens to early 20's. One of the men was pushing a mountain bike.

The two men carried out an unprovoked attack on another man who was walking with a woman towards the footbridge over the railway line toward Carleton Road.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who witnessed this attack. The victim was knocked to the ground and sustained a prolonged assault during which he was kicked and punched whilst he lay on the ground. Eventually he managed to get to his feet and the suspects fled down Burnside Avenue.

Investigating officer PC Rich Sutcliffe said "This nasty assault took place in a quiet residential area in broad daylight at a time when families and school children would be in the area. The incident would have been quite shocking to see and I am sure that anyone passing by would have noticed this taking place. I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the attack or has any information which would assist theinvestigation get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180199895

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

26 October 2018

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31728
Incident reference:
 12180199895
Posted on 29 October 2018 at 09:45am in Local appeals
