```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T08:22:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-20T08:21:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an unprovoked assault that occurred in Skipton town centre in the early hours of Sunday 17 April 2016.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Lone female attacked in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lone-female-attacked-skipton/
title: Lone female attacked in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lone-female-attacked-skipton/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 08:22am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an unprovoked assault that occurred in Skipton town centre in the early hours of Sunday 17 April 2016.

The assault happened in the area of Devonshire Place and Goschen Street, at 5am on Sunday 17 April and involved a lone 18-year-old female victim. The woman was confronted by a man who approached her from the direction of Devonshire Street. The man briefly engaged her in conversation before repeatedly punching her to the face. The man continued to strike her to the head even when she had gone to the ground.

The male is described as Asian, about 30 years old, skinny build and 5ft 7ins tall. He was described as having a close cropped beard around his jaw line and upper lip with a longer beard to his chin. The suspect was dressed in dark clothing and appeared to be intoxicated.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Robert Hutchinson.

You can also email Robert.Hutchinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160067205.

**20 April 2016**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160067205

Posted on 20 April 2016 at 08:21am in News stories
