```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:50:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-07T13:50:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have arrested a man on suspicion of arson following a large fire on Finkle Street in Richmond.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man arrested in connection with Richmond fire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-connection-richmond-fire/
title: Man arrested in connection with Richmond fire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-connection-richmond-fire/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:50pm

North Yorkshire Police have arrested a man on suspicion of arson following a large fire on Finkle Street in Richmond.

The fire was reported to North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service at around 5.11am on Saturday 6 June 2015 and has caused substantial damage to commercial premises in the street, including the Red Cross shop, Urban Spa and Beauty, Tasty Macs and the Oxfam shop.

Thankfully, no-one was injured in the fire, however, the damage will have a significant impact on the local businesses. The cost of the damage alone is estimated to be hundreds of thousands of pounds.

Police are asking anyone who has any information about the fire to contact them if they have not already come forward.

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Detective Constable Andy Palmer of Northallerton Serious Crime Team. Or emailAndrew.palmer@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150094257 when passing on information.

Inspector Mark Gee of Richmond Police, praised the local community, he said: "I was at the scene of the fire and liaised closely with the fire and rescue service and the local community. I am very grateful for the community's patience and understanding as the emergency services dealt with the fire. It was a busy market day and many people were shopping or visiting the town. Everyone was very understanding and supportive of all the emergency services at the scene, despite the road closures, diversions and the disruption caused to them. I would like to thank them all for their support and patience."

The 18-year-old local man was arrested in Richmond on Saturday evening and remains in police custody while the investigation continues.

Link to North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service's statement

http://www.northyorksfire.gov.uk//news-events/breaking-news/shop_fire_finkle_street_richmond

7 June 2015

Posted on 7 June 2015 at 01:50pm in News stories
