```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-05-14T09:45:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The report features two cases from North Yorkshire, both of which were racially motivated hate crime, one against a police officer and one against health professionals. Hate crime is any criminal offence, which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice based on a person\u2019s actual or [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Uplifted sentences applied in two North Yorkshire hate crimes against a police officer and health professionals - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uplifted-sentences-applied-in-two-north-yorkshire-hate-crimes-against-a-police-officer-and-health-professionals/
title: Uplifted sentences applied in two North Yorkshire hate crimes against a police officer and health professionals
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/uplifted-sentences-applied-in-two-north-yorkshire-hate-crimes-against-a-police-officer-and-health-professionals/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2019 at 10:45am

The Crown Prosecution Service for Yorkshire and Humberside have published a report detailing the outcomes of hate crime cases heard at court between January and March 2019, where uplifted sentences have been applied.

The report features two cases from North Yorkshire, both of which were racially motivated hate crime, one against a police officer and one against health professionals.

Hate crime is any criminal offence, which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice based on a person’s actual or perceived race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.

Hate crime can include but is not limited to threats of, or actual physical attacks, damage to property, abusive or insulting language used verbally or via a social media post.

When a victim comes forward and reports a hate crime to North Yorkshire Police, a full investigation is conducted and when concluded, the case is referred to the Crown Prosecution Service to determine a charge.

Under hate crime legislation the courts must pass increased sentences where prosecutors evidence that offences have been motivated by hostility towards a person’s race, religion, disability, transgender identity or sexuality, known as an uplifted sentence.

In the first case, which was uplifted between January and March 2019, the defendant had informed two health professionals on separate occasions that he was a racist and that he wanted to get a van and drive it into people that he did not like because of their race or their religious beliefs.

A guilty plea was accepted by the CPS to causing racially and religious aggravated harassment, alarm or distress by using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour or disorderly behaviour.

The defendant was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, uplifted from six months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.

In the second case to be uplifted during the same period, the defendant, who three years previously was convicted of racially aggravated harassment after he had sent harassing and abusive emails to the victim, was identified as the sender of a number of racially abusive emails to the same victim.

In addition, he was also was identified as the sender of a number of racially abusive emails to a police officer who had been involved with the defendant’s former case.

He was arrested and charged with breach of a restraining order for making contact with the victim, and with racially aggravated harassment towards the police officer.

The defendant pleaded guilty to both charges and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, uplifted from nine months.

The Judge also granted a 10-year restraining order in favour of the police officer, and varied the victim's restraining order to run for a period of ten years from the date of sentencing

Speaking about these results, Superintendent Mark Khan, force lead for hate crime said:

“No-one should have to live with the fear, anxiety and consequences of hate as they go to their place of work or go about their daily life.

“The outcomes of these cases clearly demonstrate that North Yorkshire Police take all reports of hate crime very seriously and that we will do all we can to ensure justice is brought to victims.

“Each incident of hate crime leaves a deep scar on its victim, many of whom comment that the despicable language used against them or the physical assault they have been subjected to will never leave them.

“I hope that the sentences handed down so far in 2019 reassure victims, including our colleagues in the police and wider emergency services family, that you will be listened to and you will be taken seriously.

“Lastly, to those who think they can target verbal or physical abuse at people just because of who they are, your behaviour will not be tolerated and you will be brought before the courts and prosecuted.”

If you have been subjected to any type of hate crime, please contact police on 101 and report it, in an emergency always dial 999.

The full CPS report can be found here.

Posted on 14 May 2019 at 10:45am in News stories
