```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T09:52:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-16T09:51:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Selby town centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Selby town centre robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selby-town-centre-robbery/
title: Selby town centre robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selby-town-centre-robbery/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 09:52am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Selby town centre.

It happened near between near Abbey Walk car park between Peacocks and Wilkinsons at approximately 1.30am on 16 August 2015 and involved a female from Selby who was pushed to the ground and her handbag taken.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white male aged about 20 to 22 years. Height not known and medium build. Very short blond hair with a pale complexion and clean shaven. Wearing a white round neck, short sleeved tshirt, jeans or tracksuit bottoms and trainers. Riding a dark coloured mountain bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Julia Allen. You can also email Julia.Allen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150142906.

**16 August 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150142906

Posted on 16 August 2015 at 09:51am in News stories
