```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-28T15:32:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-28T15:17:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The warning comes after damage to and theft from vehicles parked at Blakey Ridge, near Kirkbymoorside. Between 11am and 11.45am on Friday 25 November, three vehicles were attacked in the public car park at Blakey Ridge. Entry was gained through smashed windows, and property stolen from within. Police are appealing for anyone who saw anything [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/11/Call-it-in-campaign.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal and crime prevention warning after North York Moors car damage - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-crime-prevention-warning-north-york-moors-car-damage/
title: Witness appeal and crime prevention warning after North York Moors car damage
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-crime-prevention-warning-north-york-moors-car-damage/
```

Last modified: 28 November 2016 at 03:32pm

Police are urging visitors to North Yorkshire’s rural beauty spots to take extra care when leaving their vehicles.

The warning comes after damage to and theft from vehicles parked at Blakey Ridge, near Kirkbymoorside.

Between 11am and 11.45am on Friday 25 November, three vehicles were attacked in the public car park at Blakey Ridge. Entry was gained through smashed windows, and property stolen from within.

Police are appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious – particularly a vehicle in the area acting suspiciously – to get in touch.

North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in the country, and such crimes are rare. However, officers are urging visitors to the county's many rural beauty spots to follow this crime prevention advice:

 * Try to park in sign-posted parking areas.
 * Be cautious about parking your car in isolation. Thieves can be put off when other people are around.
 * Do not leave anything in your vehicle. A jacket or coat left behind may be of very little value to you, but a thief may think it has been used to hide a laptop or handbag and will break into your vehicle to find out.
 * Take items with you rather than locking them in the boot, you can't be sure who has seen you.
 * Before you leave home, think about what you need and leave any unnecessary items of value at home.
 * Make sure you do not leave documents which have your personal details on in your vehicle.
 * Do not leave your sat-nav in your vehicle and don't forget to remove the cradle and wipe the sucker marks from your windscreen.
 * Remember to shut all windows and sunroofs and lock all doors. Activate the alarm and immobiliser, and make use of any security products you have such as steering locks.
 * Whilst enjoying the sights, make sure you keep your bag and possessions with you.
 * Register all your valuables on www.immobilse.com, or contact your local North Yorkshire Police Neighbourhood Policing Team to ask about dot peen and other forms of property marking.

Anyone with information that could assist the Blakey Ridge investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Stephen Ashley. You can also email stephen.ashley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160213242.

North Yorkshire Police has launched a major campaign to encourage people to act as the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police. The force’s Rural Taskforce is asking residents – especially in rural areas like the North York Moors – to note down and report any suspicious activity, particularly in remote or isolated areas, as part of the ‘Call it in’ campaign.

Posted on 28 November 2016 at 03:17pm in News stories
