```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-20T13:24:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-20T13:24:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: This was announced today (Thursday 20 October 2016) in the &#8220;Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending June 2016&#8221; bulletin published by the Office of National Statistics (ONS). There were a total of 37,130 crimes in North Yorkshire during this period, giving a crime rate of 45.9 per 1,000 of the population. While this [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire is the second safest place in England - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-second-safest-place-england/
title: North Yorkshire is the second safest place in England
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-second-safest-place-england/
```

Last modified: 20 October 2016 at 01:24pm

The latest national crime figures have confirmed North Yorkshire is the second safest place in England.

This was announced today (Thursday 20 October 2016) in the "Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending June 2016" bulletin published by the Office of National Statistics (ONS).

There were a total of 37,130 crimes in North Yorkshire during this period, giving a crime rate of 45.9 per 1,000 of the population. While this reflects a 6% rise in crime in comparison to the same period the previous year, it is below the 8% increase in England and Wales and takes into account improved crime recording standards nationally.

In addition, the public confidence figures show 84.4% of local people have confidence in North Yorkshire Police, with 71.1% believing the force does a good or excellent job. These are broadly in line with the previous 12 month period, although compared to two years ago both have risen - by 5.8% and 3.3% respectively.

Broken down into the main crime categories, the ONS figures for North Yorkshire show:

 * Robbery reduced by 8% (148 crimes in total, 12 fewer crimes)
 * Burglary reduced by 3% (3,903 crimes in total, 103 fewer crimes. Of which 1,451 recorded as dwelling burglaries (a 3% increase) and 2,452 non-dwelling burglaries (a 6% decrease)
 * Drug offences decreased by 14% (1,732 crimes in total, 272 fewer crimes)
 * Violence against the person went up by 19% (9,196 crimes in total, 1,444 more crimes). This is broken down into Violence With Injury (4,589 crimes in total, 13% increase) and Violence Without Injury category (4,601 crimes in total, 25% increase)
 * Possession of weapons offences down by 11% (183 crimes in total, 23 fewer crimes)
 * Theft offences remained at the same level (16,888 crimes in total, no percentage change)
 * Theft from person down by 6% (477 crimes in total, 30 fewer crimes)
 * All other theft offences down by 6% (4,604 crimes in total, 277 fewer crimes)
 * Criminal damage and arson up by 11% (5,882 crimes in total, 591 more crimes)
 * Vehicle Offences increased by 5% (2,327 crimes in total, 116 more crimes)
 * Sexual offences increased by 12% (1,229 crimes in total, 134 more crimes). As previously highlighted, this rise is regarded as a positive reflection of the confidence victims have in North Yorkshire Police, particularly those making historical complaints in the wake of the Jimmy Savile and Peter Jaconelli investigation, plus the specialist work of the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) which has been operating in York for more than three years
 * Public order offences decreased by 1% (1,262 crimes in total, 9 fewer crimes)
 * Miscellaneous crimes against society, which includes the possession and publication of extreme sexual images, increased by 8% with 610 crimes in total, 43 more crimes
 * Shoplifting increased by 3% (4,107 crimes in total, 104 more crimes)
 * Bicycle theft increased by 20% (1,470 crimes in total, 246 more crimes)

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Winward said: “The latest national crime figures show that North Yorkshire Police is continuing to perform at a very high standard with a service tailored to the needs of our communities.

“Crucially, we are doing everything we can to put the victims of crime and anti-social behaviour at the heart of everything we do.

“As ever, we will not allow complacency to creep in and we are determined to keep improving. Our proactive approach to tackling and suppressing crime, particularly on the road networks and rural locations where cross-border offenders are known to operate, is proving to be effective.”

For more information about the latest crime figures, please go to the Office of National Statistics website: https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/crimeandjustice/bulletins/crimeinenglandandwales/yearendingjune2016

Posted on 20 October 2016 at 01:24pm in News stories
