```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-19T09:51:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A campaign to keep road users safe in York saw 17 cyclists reported for offences and 12 more given words of advice on Tuesday 18 October.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/shimmer2016.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dozens of cyclists spoken to in bike light safety operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dozens-cyclists-spoken-bike-light-safety-operation/
title: Dozens of cyclists spoken to in bike light safety operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dozens-cyclists-spoken-bike-light-safety-operation/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A campaign to keep road users safe in York saw 17 cyclists reported for offences and 12 more given words of advice on Tuesday 18 October.

Officers were at the city's Micklegate, Bootham and Walmgate Bars for two hours on Tuesday evening, to target the minority of cyclists who cause a danger to themselves and others by cycling without lights during hours or darkness, as well as those who cycle on footpaths.

The high-profile campaign will continue as the nights draw in, with further evening operations planned.

As part of the campaign, City of York Council has funded high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights. They will be offered to young people and other vulnerable people who would otherwise have to walk home if they were forced to continue their journey without lights. Officers will continue to issue tickets for cycling offences if necessary.

PCSO Chris Turner, of York Police, said: “The nights are getting much darker now, and it is really important that cyclists take their safety on the roads seriously. Having lights on your bike which are in good working order is essential to ensure that other road users can see you and drive accordingly.

“This operation has in the past been well-received by cyclists, pedestrians and motorists. Thanks to our joint work with City of York Council, cyclists who put themselves and others at risk can be educated and sent on their way, not just with a ticket or fine, but also with the means to get home safely if they are vulnerable.”

City of York Council Executive Member for Transport and Planning, Cllr Ian Gillies, said: “It’s always important for cyclists to be aware of dark mornings and evenings, especially with the clocks going back at the end of the month. This joint initiative is now in its third year and is a real positive move to educate cyclists about the importance of being clearly visible on the road. I urge all those who do cycle to forward plan and ensure they have working lights that they check regularly and bright clothing.”

Posted on 19 October 2016 at 09:51am in News stories
