```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-30T18:04:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Kayleigh Smythe of Aberdeen Walk was sentenced at Scarborough Magistrates\u2019 Court after pleading guilty to three offences of shop theft at Poundstretcher and Tesco between 26 and 29 September 2017. She was also issued with a rehabilitation activity requirement and ordered to pay compensation to the stores. Detective Constable David Adams of Scarborough Investigation Hub, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/10/Kayleigh-Smythe-29101995.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough shoplifter given community order and curfew - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-shoplifter-given-community-order-curfew/
title: Scarborough shoplifter given community order and curfew
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-shoplifter-given-community-order-curfew/
```

Last modified: 30 October 2017 at 06:04pm

A 22-year-old Scarborough woman has been given a community order and put under curfew and electronic tag after pleading guilty to shoplifting.

Kayleigh Smythe of Aberdeen Walk was sentenced at Scarborough Magistrates’ Court after pleading guilty to three offences of shop theft at Poundstretcher and Tesco between 26 and 29 September 2017.

She was also issued with a rehabilitation activity requirement and ordered to pay compensation to the stores.

Detective Constable David Adams of Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “Smythe has shown a brazen disregard for the law by walking in to the stores and helping herself to retail stock which she had no intention of paying for. Her greed got the better of her and she was caught on CCTV resulting in these convictions which will now stay with her, on record for life.

“The annual bill for UK retail crime soared to £613m last year which is the highest level since records began. It is a huge issue for society and has serious implications for the economy of our country. Some people it as a victimless crime but it isn’t. Retail thefts cause both large stores and smaller, independent businesses great financial losses which are then passed on to law-abiding customers who pay for their goods using their hard-earned wages.

“This conviction will now be on record for the rest of the defendant’s life, affecting her chances of employment and making something of her life. I hope it sends a message to other young people of the consequences of committing crime.”

Posted on 30 October 2017 at 06:04pm in News stories
