```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-21T12:30:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives in Harrogate are appealing for witnesses following a robbery on Dragon Avenue.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Harrogate street robberyAppeal following Harrogate street robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-harrogate-street-robberyappeal-following-harrogate-street-robbery/
title: Appeal following Harrogate street robberyAppeal following Harrogate street robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-harrogate-street-robberyappeal-following-harrogate-street-robbery/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Detectives in Harrogate are appealing for witnesses following a robbery on Dragon Avenue.

At around 7pm on Monday 12 January, two men approached an 18-year-old man, made verbal threats to him and demanded money.

One of the suspects then threatened the victim with a knife before they both searched him and fled the scene with a quantity of cash. The men left in the direction of Mornington Crescent and Skipton Road.

The first suspect is described as white, 5ft 11in tall, of large build, with dark hair and red cheeks which looked as though they had been sunburnt. He spoke with a local accent and was wearing beige coat with two front pockets, possibly jeans and a dark blue balaclava

The second man is described as white, 5ft 9in tall, of slim build, with dark hair and was wearing a dark coloured waterproof style coat with hood, black jeans and a dark coloured balaclava.

Police are appealing to anyone who witnessed the robbery or has any other information that could help the investigation, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate CID. Or email Claire.brown@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150008743 when passing on information.

Posted on 21 January 2015 at 12:30pm in News stories
