```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-11T07:06:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T07:05:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Eastborough, Scarborough at around 23:05hrs on Friday 8th November 2019 and involved a female in her 50s and her husband who is in his 60s. The couple were on holiday in Scarborough and after leaving The Merchant Bar on Eastborough, they were making their way back towards town. A male unknown to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following handbag theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-handbag-theft/
title: Appeal following handbag theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-handbag-theft/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2019 at 07:06am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a handbag theft that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened on Eastborough, Scarborough at around 23:05hrs on Friday 8th November 2019 and involved a female in her 50s and her husband who is in his 60s. The couple were on holiday in Scarborough and after leaving The Merchant Bar on Eastborough, they were making their way back towards town. A male unknown to them has approached the female, grabbed her handbag and then made off on foot onto Leading Post Street and then onto St Sepulchre Street.

A male has been arrested in relation to this offence and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or anyone who may have CCTV or Dashcam footage on Eastborough, St Sepulchre Street or Springfield.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Danielle Vidler. You can also email Danielle.vidler@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190206528

Contact details:
 Danielle Vidler \- #0648
danielle.vidler@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 648
Incident reference:
 12190206528
Posted on 11 November 2019 at 07:05am in Local appeals
