```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-17T11:58:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-17T11:57:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 14 July 2017 at about 10pm, officers stopped a vehicle on the A171 at Whitby. Three men in their 20s were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A drug. They have been released while enquiries continue. A man in his 20s was arrested at Goathland on 1 August 2017 [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Success for rural crime-fighting initiative Operation Countryside - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-rural-crime-fighting-initiative-operation-countryside/
title: Success for rural crime-fighting initiative Operation Countryside
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-rural-crime-fighting-initiative-operation-countryside/
```

Last modified: 17 August 2017 at 12:58pm

A proactive crime-fighting initiative, Operation Countryside, has helped crack down on crime in the Scarborough and Ryedale area since its launch in June. It has resulted in several drug and traffic related arrests including possession with intent to supply class A drugs, drink driving and driving without insurance.

On 14 July 2017 at about 10pm, officers stopped a vehicle on the A171 at Whitby. Three men in their 20s were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A drug. They have been released while enquiries continue.

A man in his 20s was arrested at Goathland on 1 August 2017 on suspicion of driving without insurance and drink driving. He was later released without charge following further enquiries.

On 4 August 2017 at about 5.30pm, officers stopped a vehicle on the A64 on the outskirts of Scarborough in possession of cannabis. It is currently under investigation. On the same evening between 11.45pm and 12.30am at Malton, a 16-year-old woman was arrested and released under investigation on possession of a class B drug.

Led by North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, Operation Countryside is a proactive initiative that brings together local officers and specialist units to tackle offenders who use the roads to prey on isolated communities. It is running throughout the summer.

Sergeant Tom Rollinson said: “We launched Operation Countryside to target criminals who travel through the Scarborough and Ryedale road networks, including minor roads frequented by criminals trying to avoid detection. These dedicated officers are making the area a hostile environment for those wishing to commit crime or road traffic offences.”

Members of the public can help Operation Countryside by reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. You can meet members of the Taskforce at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF, @ScarboroughRTF, @RyedaleRTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

Posted on 17 August 2017 at 12:57pm in News stories
