```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-11T15:41:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-11T15:34:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers will be offering a free tack marking service at Millbry Hill Country Store in Richmond on Saturday 15 June, 10am-4pm, and at the Horse Sale at York Auction Centre in Murton on Friday 28 June, 10am-2pm. Later in the year, on Saturday 5 October, officers will also be at R&amp;R Country in Hemingbrough, near [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/APR_7166-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tack marking opportunities in York, Selby and Richmond - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tack-marking-york-selby-richmond/
title: Tack marking opportunities in York, Selby and Richmond
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tack-marking-york-selby-richmond/
```

Last modified: 11 June 2019 at 04:41pm

Horse owners and riders in York and Richmond are being invited to events to help protect their property from criminals who target stables and tack rooms.

Officers will be offering a free tack marking service at Millbry Hill Country Store in Richmond on Saturday 15 June, 10am-4pm, and at the Horse Sale at York Auction Centre in Murton on Friday 28 June, 10am-2pm.

Later in the year, on Saturday 5 October, officers will also be at R&R Country in Hemingbrough, near Selby, from 10am to 2pm.

Tack is valuable and can be an attractive target for criminals. Using dot peen property marking technology, items can be marked with a unique number – deterring would-be thieves and making it much easier to reunite stolen property and secure convictions.

PCSO Caroline Saville, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “It’s really important to be vigilant and take steps to protect any high-value tack.

“Marking items of metal and leather tack is an effective way of deterring opportunist criminals. They will see the permanent unique number, and know immediately that the equipment would be too difficult to sell on. If the worst happened and you were targeted, we are much more likely to be able to trace marked property and return it to you.

“Our property marking service is fast and free, and can be used on items of tack you have just bought, so please make a note of the date and come along on the day.”

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. (Synthetic tack or padded bridles cannot be marked using dot peen).

Contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team or Rural Taskforce officer to find out about the service in your area. You can also download an identification pack from the North Yorkshire Police website at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/horsewatch. Horse owners are being encouraged to print out a pack, fill it in with details and photographs of horses, tack, horseboxes and trailers and other equipment, and then keep it in a safe place.

Posted on 11 June 2019 at 04:34pm in News stories
