```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-10T15:38:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-10T14:49:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 11.30am on Sunday 9 April 2017 when a silver Vauxhall Vectra travelling towards Ingleton collided with two vehicles \u2013 a red MG and a silver Volkswagen Jetta &#8211; travelling in the opposite direction. Sadly, the driver of the MG, a 74-year-old man from the Keighley area, died at the scene of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vital witnesses sought after man, 74, dies in collision near Ingleton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-man-74-dies-collision-near-ingleton/
title: Vital witnesses sought after man, 74, dies in collision near Ingleton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-man-74-dies-collision-near-ingleton/
```

Last modified: 10 April 2017 at 03:38pm

Police are appealing for witnesses – including the occupants of a black car - after a 74-year-old man died in a collision on the B6255 near White Scar Caves, near Ingleton in the Yorkshire Dales.

It happened at around 11.30am on Sunday 9 April 2017 when a silver Vauxhall Vectra travelling towards Ingleton collided with two vehicles – a red MG and a silver Volkswagen Jetta - travelling in the opposite direction.

Sadly, the driver of the MG, a 74-year-old man from the Keighley area, died at the scene of the collision.

**Vital witnesses - occupants of a black car**

Prior to the collision, it is believed that the Vectra was travelling away from Ingleton along the B6255 before it turned around and began travelling back in the direction of White Scar Caves followed by a black car. Officers are urging the occupants of the black car to contact them urgently as they could be important witnesses.

**Wider appeal**

Police also want to hear from anyone who was travelling in either direction on the following roads on Sunday morning from around 10.45am onwards and has any information about the manner of driving of a silver Vauxhall Vectra:

• **A682 from Nelson in Lancashire towards North Yorkshire**

**•A65 from Long Preston towards Ingleton**

**•B6255 between Ingleton and Ribblehead viaduct**

Officers are extending their appeal to motorists in the Lancashire, Cumbria and West Yorkshire area who may have been travelling in the Ingleton area on Sunday morning.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team, or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The passenger in the MG, a 70-year-old woman sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital in Preston for treatment.

The driver of the Volkswagen Jetta sustained minor injuries.

The driver of the Vectra, a 30-year-old man from the Lancashire area, sustained slight injuries and was arrested at the scene of the collision. He has been released without bail while under investigation.

The road was closed to attend to the casualties and allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 6.30pm.

Posted on 10 April 2017 at 02:49pm in News stories
