```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-27T09:41:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-02T12:00:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Chief Constable Lisa Winward said: \u201CI would like to take this opportunity to apologise publicly to Mr Ahmed for the unconscious discrimination he suffered whilst an officer at North Yorkshire Police, and for the handling of a historic incident where Mr Ahmed was subjected to a racial slur by a detainee in custody, that was [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Statement regarding employment tribunal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/statement-regarding-employment-tribunal/
title: Statement regarding employment tribunal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/statement-regarding-employment-tribunal/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2018 at 10:41am

In May 2018, an employment tribunal found that Mr Zaheer Ahmed, formerly a Police Sergeant at North Yorkshire Police, had been subjected to discrimination on the grounds of race. The parties have now settled this matter.

Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“I would like to take this opportunity to apologise publicly to Mr Ahmed for the unconscious discrimination he suffered whilst an officer at North Yorkshire Police, and for the handling of a historic incident where Mr Ahmed was subjected to a racial slur by a detainee in custody, that was not then properly investigated.

"I am committed to providing a positive working environment for every member of our workforce, and to tackling discrimination wherever it is found in our organisation. As well as offering my sincere apology, I would like to give my thanks to Mr Ahmed for his service, contribution and for bringing these matters to our attention. I wish him well in his retirement. It has been well-earned.”

Mr Ahmed said:

“I’m grateful that North Yorkshire Police has acknowledged what happened and given me an apology. I have accepted that the discrimination was unconscious, and I do think that the Force has moved on from the days when discrimination was ignored. North Yorkshire Police has shown it is trying to tackle unconscious bias, and I think this is a positive step. I met some outstanding individuals whilst working in the Force, and I am proud of my service and the contribution I made as a police officer. It is vital for the police and the public that people from black and minority ethnic communities are strongly represented in the police workforce, and given the work North Yorkshire Police is now doing to support that, I encourage people from BAME communities to serve at North Yorkshire Police.”

Posted on 2 October 2018 at 01:00pm in News stories
