```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-01T17:22:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-01T17:14:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A woman from Grosmont near Whitby has been jailed for ten weeks for two offences of Sending, by a public communication network, an offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing message.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/Cheryl-TICKNER.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Woman jailed following \u201Cevil\u201D Facebook posts - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-jailed-following-evil-facebook-posts/
title: "Woman jailed following \u201Cevil\u201D Facebook posts"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-jailed-following-evil-facebook-posts/
```

Last modified: 1 February 2017 at 05:22pm

A woman from Grosmont near Whitby has been jailed for ten weeks for two offences of Sending, by a public communication network, an offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing message.

Cheryl Tickner, aged 32, was sentenced yesterday (Tuesday 31 January 2017) at Scarborough Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to the offences, involving Facebook.

In the summer of 2016, Cheryl set up two fake Facebook profiles and used these profiles to target her victims, a man and woman in their fifties, by posting grossly offensive and obscene messages about the couple. The messages, posted by Tickner, accused her victims of being involved in incidents that were harmful towards children.

PC Darren Mortimer, the officer in the case, said: “We hope this sentence sends a clear message to anyone who thinks they can use social media platforms to cause significant alarm and distress to others.

“In court, Cheryl’s activity on Facebook was described as “evil” and that is exactly what it was. We will not tolerate such despicable behavior and this sentence should serve a clear warning.

“North Yorkshire Police will work hard to make sure that anyone conducting such activity as Cheryl Tickner did on social media, will be put before the courts. “

Posted on 1 February 2017 at 05:14pm in News stories
