```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-12-03T14:43:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-03T14:25:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It follows an incident in the town that occurred in the early hours of Sunday 1 December 2019 when a 43 year-old Northallerton man sustained critical injuries. A 25-year-old Catterick man was arrested shortly after and charged with attempted murder and two counts of assaulting a police officer. He appeared at court on Monday 2 [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Key witnesses identified in attempted murder investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/key-witnesses-identified-in-attempted-murder-investigation-as-man-is-remanded-in-custody/
title: Key witnesses identified in attempted murder investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/key-witnesses-identified-in-attempted-murder-investigation-as-man-is-remanded-in-custody/
```

Last modified: 3 December 2019 at 02:43pm

Detectives investigating the attempted murder of a man in Little Holtby have identified two key witnesses that they wanted to speak to.

It follows an incident in the town that occurred in the early hours of Sunday 1 December 2019 when a 43 year-old Northallerton man sustained critical injuries.

A 25-year-old Catterick man was arrested shortly after and charged with attempted murder and two counts of assaulting a police officer. He appeared at court on Monday 2 December 2019 where he was refused bail and remanded in custody.

The injured man remains in hospital where he remains in a serious condition.

Officers had issued an appeal for two key witnesses, a man and woman who had left Club Amadeus in Northallerton at around 3am in a taxi shortly before the incident, to come forward.

They have confirmed that they have now spoken to the couple and thanked the public for their assistance in locating them.

Detective Constable Quita Passmore of North Yorkshire Police’s Criminal Investigation Department said:

“We’d like to thank everyone who shared our earlier appeal which led to two key witnesses coming forward to help with our enquiries.

“Our investigation is ongoing and we continue to appeal to anyone who may have any information about the incident and has not already spoken to the police, to contact us.”

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Constable Quita Passmore of North Yorkshire Police via email at quita.passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or by calling 01609 643 226.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote incident number 12190220234 when providing information.

Posted on 3 December 2019 at 02:25pm in News stories
