```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:45:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-15T12:45:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'It happened In the early hours of Tuesday 24 September 2019 when two sheds in the garden of the home of a 69 year-old man and his wife were broken into. Garden forks had been used to break open the locks and several items, some of which were of sentimental value, were stolen including: At [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/Antique-clock2.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Appeal after \u2018callous\u2019 clock and watch burglar breaks into pensioner\u2019s garden shed - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-callous-clock-and-watch-burglar-breaks-into-pensioners-garden-shed/
title: "Appeal after \u2018callous\u2019 clock and watch burglar breaks into pensioner\u2019s garden shed"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-callous-clock-and-watch-burglar-breaks-into-pensioners-garden-shed/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:45pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in Broadmanor, North Duffield.

It happened In the early hours of Tuesday 24 September 2019 when two sheds in the garden of the home of a 69 year-old man and his wife were broken into.

Garden forks had been used to break open the locks and several items, some of which were of sentimental value, were stolen including:

 * At least twelve clocks, some of which were antiques _(two idenitcal to those pictured)._
 * A display case containing at least twelve wristwatches of various makes including Seiko, Rotary and Quartz.
 * A red, white and blue men’s Carrera pedal cycle
 * A set of folding ladders.

Police Investigator Dave Pegg of North Yorkshire Police said:

“The 69 year-old victim and his wife were devastated by this burglary and even though the callous thief didn’t enter their home they were understandably very frightened.

“These clocks and watches are of huge sentimental value to the victim whose hobby has been to collect and repair them for a number of years.

“I’m appealing for anyone who may have been offered clocks or watches for sale in suspicious circumstances or believes they have seen clocks or watches being offered for sale locally to get in touch.

“I’d also like to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the Broadmanor area between the times stated.”

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Pegg. You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190177178

Follow us on Twitter: @NYorksPolice

Posted on 15 October 2019 at 01:45pm in Burglary, News stories
