```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:03:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-23T10:02:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Settle yesterday arrested a 44-year-old man in connection with the incident this morning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man arrested after elderly woman robbed in Settle - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-man-arrested-elderly-woman-robbed-settle/
title: 'Update: Man arrested after elderly woman robbed in Settle'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-man-arrested-elderly-woman-robbed-settle/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:03am

Officers investigating a robbery in Settle yesterday arrested a 44-year-old man in connection with the incident this morning.

He remains in custody at this time.

Thank you to the media who publicised the incident and to members of the public who shared our social media appeal.

**4pm - 23 February 2016**

* * *

**Original press release**

Police in Settle are appealing for information after an elderly woman was robbed this morning (Monday 22 February 2016) at around 9.15am.

The woman was walking in Kirkgate when she was knocked to the ground and her handbag was stolen.

The suspect is described as a man aged in his 40s, around 5ft 4in to 5ft 5in tall, he had dark stubble and was wearing a brown hooded coat or top.

He ran off form the scene with the woman's handbag.

Police are carrying out extensive enquiries in the area and are appealing for the public's help.

Officers are appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident or can help identify the suspect to contact them.

They are also advising anyone who finds a discarded handbag to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC David Burgess.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote incident number 94 of 22 February when calling.

The woman suffered a hand injury during the incident.

**22 February 2016**

Posted on 23 February 2016 at 10:02am in News stories
