```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-14T16:08:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It\u2019s a tactic that sees the unpredictable deployment of both highly visible and covert police officers alongside other resources such as police dogs, Automatic Number Plate Recognition, firearms officers, and CCTV in busy areas such as town centres. &nbsp; These deployments can pop up at any time with officers specially trained to deter, disrupt and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Servator-hgate-2-1024x528.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Project Servator: Unpredictable policing tactics rolled out across Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-servator-unpredictable-policing-tactics-rolled-out-across-harrogate/
title: 'Project Servator: Unpredictable policing tactics rolled out across Harrogate'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-servator-unpredictable-policing-tactics-rolled-out-across-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 14 November 2018 at 04:08pm

Residents and visitors to Harrogate will see an increased police presence in the run up to Christmas as North Yorkshire Police roll out Project Servator across the town.

It’s a tactic that sees the unpredictable deployment of both highly visible and covert police officers alongside other resources such as police dogs, Automatic Number Plate Recognition, firearms officers, and CCTV in busy areas such as town centres.

Project Servator in Harrogate

These deployments can pop up at any time with officers specially trained to deter, disrupt and detect a range of crimes from pickpockets to terrorism.

North Yorkshire Police first launched Project Servator in York in April 2017 and has since been rolled out in Catterick and Scarborough where it is now “business as usual”. It is now set to be a regular sight in Harrogate.

Key to the success of Project Servator is the support of people living, working and visiting the area to be extra eyes and ears for the police, reporting any suspicious behaviour to help make it even harder for criminals to succeed.

Acting Superintendent John Wilkinson of the County Command area, which includes Harrogate, said: “Building on the success of Servator across the rest of the force, I’m delighted to be able to roll out this highly effective policing tactic in Harrogate.

“Our officers have been engaging with businesses and the local community over the last month to introduce them to the Project Servator concept and explain the vital role they have to play.

“Don’t be surprised or alarmed if you see a heavy police presence in key shopping or tourist areas, these are simply to prevent crime and engage with shoppers, visitors and businesses. If you see us, please stop and say hello and find out how you can help us keep Harrogate safe.”

To report suspicious activity, please call the police on 101, or 999 in an emergency. You can also report suspicious activity that you believe may be linked to terrorism confidentially on 0800 789 321 or online at the Action Counters Terrorism website www.gov.uk/ACT

Don’t worry that your information may be not be relevant, trust your instincts and report it as any piece of information could be important.

Posted on 14 November 2018 at 04:08pm in News stories
