```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-17T16:23:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In particular, residents in the north of York \u2013 including the Clifton, Huntington Road, The Groves and Heworth areas \u2013 should be vigilant, after a number of reports of incidents and suspicious circumstances. On 13 November 2016, at around 4.30am, police attended a commercial premises in Muncastergate, Heworth, following a report of suspicious activity. Two [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/11/PC-Andrew-Pearson.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Crime prevention warning following York burglary arrests - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-prevention-warning-following-york-burglary-arrests/
title: Crime prevention warning following York burglary arrests
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-prevention-warning-following-york-burglary-arrests/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police in York have issued a warning to homeowners to be on their guard against burglars, after several arrests in the city.

In particular, residents in the north of York – including the Clifton, Huntington Road, The Groves and Heworth areas – should be vigilant, after a number of reports of incidents and suspicious circumstances.

On 13 November 2016, at around 4.30am, police attended a commercial premises in Muncastergate, Heworth, following a report of suspicious activity. Two men, aged 34 and 21, both from York, were arrested at the scene on suspicion of burglary. They have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

On 14 November 2016, a suspected burglar was disturbed in a house on Heslington Road early in the morning. He fled the scene, but a 38-year-old York man was arrested later the same day on suspicion of burglary in connection with the incident. He has been released on bail as enquiries continue.

PC Andrew Pearson, of the York North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “We have made a number of arrests in connection with burglaries in the city, and investigations are ongoing. We are also conducting extra reassurance patrols in many areas.

“Although York is a very safe city, I am urging residents to check the security of their homes, and be extra vigilant, particularly during hours of darkness. Don’t hesitate to report any suspicious activity to the police on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Please also contact your local team – we currently provide free crime prevention surveys and property marking facilities. I would also ask people to register themselves on North Yorkshire Community Messaging so they can receive updates on crime in their area and crime prevention advice.”

Key ‘dark night’ crime prevention advice includes:

• a well-lit home gives the impression that someone is in

• use timer switchers to turn lights on while you are out

• don’t leave curtains closed during the day, only in the evening and overnight

• lock all windows and doors

• keep valuable items out of view

• keep gates well secured

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place in York, contact your local police team via 101, or follow them on Facebook, or Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest – the service is promoted with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

Signing up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging is free, and only takes a few minutes. The new app is available via the App Store for iPhone and iPad, and Google Play for Android devices. Just search for “North Yorkshire Community Messaging” or visit www.nycm.co.uk.

For more information about home security and property marking, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad – just search for “Securing your home” on iTunes.

Posted on 17 November 2016 at 04:23pm in News stories
