```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-30T12:59:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; On 8 October 2017, four men arrived at a property in Barlow near Selby in a light coloured Volvo saloon. One man remained inside the car while the other three called at the property. They told the occupant that they were police officers and [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/10/bogus-1-179x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV appeal in bogus police officer investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-bogus-police-officer-investigation/
title: CCTV appeal in bogus police officer investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-bogus-police-officer-investigation/
```

Last modified: 30 October 2017 at 12:59pm

Police in Selby have issued CCTV images of men they want to speak to as part of an investigation into a report of bogus police officers.

On 8 October 2017, four men arrived at a property in Barlow near Selby in a light coloured Volvo saloon. One man remained inside the car while the other three called at the property.

They told the occupant that they were police officers and had come to carry out a search warrant.
One was dressed in a white forensic-style suite and others had a clip-board and a radio.

Thankfully the occupant challenged the men and they left the property without gaining entry.

Officers are appealing to anyone who can help identify the men shown in the images.

One of the suspects is described as Asian 5’ 10” tall, of thick set build, with a short beard. He was wearing dark-coloured clothing and a baseball cap and spoke with a West Yorkshire accent.

Anyone who has any information that can help identify the men is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Ian O’Grady or email Ian.O'Grady@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170180844 when passing on information.

Advice

Officers have provided the following advice to members of the public.

Don't open the door to anyone you don't know or are not expecting
Police officers would not call at your door un-anounced wearing a white forensic suit
You can check the legitimacy of any police officer who calls at your door by calling 101. North Yorkshire Police knows where it's officers are at any one time.
A genuine police officer will be happy to wait while you check their credentials.

Posted on 30 October 2017 at 12:59pm in News stories
