```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-15T13:16:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Mervyn John White was sentenced to a two year custodial sentence and receive a three year driving ban. White was driving a Scania heavy goods vehicle at 8.30am on Saturday 27 September 2014 on the M62, when he left the carriage way at junction 34 near Eggborough. As he approached the roundabout, he failed to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09/Jules-Barlow-1-196x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: HGV driver sentenced to two years&#039; imprisonment for causing the death of pedal cyclist - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hgv-driver-sentenced-two-years-imprisonment-causing-death-pedal-cyclist/
title: HGV driver sentenced to two years' imprisonment for causing the death of pedal cyclist
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hgv-driver-sentenced-two-years-imprisonment-causing-death-pedal-cyclist/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

A 64-year-old HGV driver from Grimsby has appeared in York Crown Court today (15 September 2016) charged with causing the death of a pedal cyclist by careless driving.

Mervyn John White was sentenced to a two year custodial sentence and receive a three year driving ban.

White was driving a Scania heavy goods vehicle at 8.30am on Saturday 27 September 2014 on the M62, when he left the carriage way at junction 34 near Eggborough.

As he approached the roundabout, he failed to give way to 49-year-old Jules Barlow – who was riding his pedal cycle.

White’s HGV struck Mr Barlow causing him serious injury and extensive damage to both of his legs. Mr Barlow was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary for emergency surgery, but very sadly died later the same day.

Speaking about the case Acting Traffic Sgt Zoe Billings who has been leading the investigation said:

“This was a horrific and preventable collision which has left Jules wife and friends bereft and broken. Jules was an experienced cyclist, who paid particular attention to the maintenance of his bike and his own safety.”

"Despite the fact that the investigation uncovered dashcam footage of the incident , which clearly showed that White’s careless driving was the cause of Jules death – he chose to plead not guilty until the day before the trial, forcing Jules wife to go through a long court process and extending the hurt and agony for her further.”

“I hope that today’s sentence can provide some small comfort to Wendy and thank her for the tremendous courage she has shown throughout the investigation.”

Wendy Barlow, Jules wife has provided the following statement:

“Jules was only 49 when he died in as a result of this preventable collision. He would be alive if the truck had stopped at the junction, what a waste of a great life. I have lost my wonderful husband, my soul mate and best friend of 24 years.”

“I’d like to say an enormous thank you to North Yorkshire Police Major Collision Investigation team whose dedication and hard work has led to this conviction. Particular thanks to Acting Traffic Sgt Zoe Billings who lead the investigation and Family Liaison Officer PC Lindsay Kyle for their tremendous emotional support over nearly two years of pain. They have helped me considerably when others did not know what to say. The time and effort from the police and prosecution team is very much appreciated and words can’t thank them enough.”

“Thanks also to Yorkshire Air Ambulance, the trauma team at LGI and the brave people who stopped to help that day, I am forever grateful. Thanks to my friends who have pulled me through such pain and bad days over the last 23 months, they have given me strength to carry on each day.”

“Jules – I will love you forever.”

Photo of Jules Barlow

Posted on 15 September 2016 at 01:16pm in News stories
