```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-23T14:25:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at about 11am on Tuesday 17\_July 2018 when items including two rare racing helmets worth approximately \xA34000 and\_ motorbikes were stolen from a house on Gravelhill Lane, Whitley. The victim, a man in his late 40s, has offered a reward of \xA3500 for information leading to the recovery of his property. Officers are [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Toni-Cairoli-helmet-stolen-e1532345816377-576x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Reward offered as rare crash helmet and motorbikes stolen in burglary in Whitley - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reward-offered-as-rare-crash-helmet-and-motorbikes-stolen-in-burglary-in-whitley/
title: Reward offered as rare crash helmet and motorbikes stolen in burglary in Whitley
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reward-offered-as-rare-crash-helmet-and-motorbikes-stolen-in-burglary-in-whitley/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Whitley, near Selby

It happened at about 11am on Tuesday 17 July 2018 when items including two rare racing helmets worth approximately £4000 and motorbikes were stolen from a house on Gravelhill Lane, Whitley.

The victim, a man in his late 40s, has offered a reward of £500 for information leading to the recovery of his property.

Officers are conducting enquiries and are requesti ng the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, they are appealing for information about a rare Red Bull factory helmet signed by 4-times World Champion David Knight MBE, worth at least £3000, and a replica Toni Ciaroli 8-times World Champion racing helmet, worth at least £400.

Also stolen was:

 * A white KTM 300 sixdays motorbike which is unusual in the fact that the plastics are completely white where they should have graphics on but they have been removed.
 * An orange KTM 400 Exc motorbike which has got the three legs of man on the side of the bike and Road And Track motorcycles under the DHL part on the fairing where the petrol tank is which is very rare in the UK
 * Rare Red Bull factory racing goggles

Police are also appealing for anyone who saw a grey Audi in the Whitley area at the time to contact them.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room. You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180129906.

Posted on 23 July 2018 at 03:25pm in News stories
