```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-13T10:28:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-13T10:28:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "WARNING: Some of the below images may be distressing.\_ North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a female buzzard was discovered shot near Appleton le Moors on Sunday 5 July. The bird was found suffering multiple injuries in woods just off Hamley Lane, Appleton le Moors by a member of the public. Although the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/Buzzard-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after buzzard found shot in Ryedale - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-buzzard-found-shot-in-ryedale/
title: Appeal for information after buzzard found shot in Ryedale
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-buzzard-found-shot-in-ryedale/
```

Last modified: 13 July 2020 at 11:28am

Bird found seriously injured near Appleton-le-Moors.

The female buzzard

**WARNING: Some of the below images may be distressing.**

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a female buzzard was discovered shot near Appleton le Moors on Sunday 5 July. The bird was found suffering multiple injuries in woods just off Hamley Lane, Appleton le Moors by a member of the public.

Although the buzzard received immediate veterinary treatment, she sadly did not survive given the seriousness of her injuries. A post mortem examination revealed she had suffered shot damage to her tail and wing feathers but also had leg and head wounds which may have been caused by becoming stuck in a cage trap.

An x-ray of the buzzard showing pieces of shot

Prior to her death, the female buzzard had been seen feeding two juveniles in the area and it is believed she was shot at some point between 6 – 9pm on Saturday 4 July 2020.

If you have any information which may help with this investigation, please call 101 quoting reference: 12200115223 or if you wish to remain anonymous you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

North Yorkshire Police Wildlife Crime Officer, Jeremy Walmsley, said:

“This is the latest in a very long line of raptor persecution incidents that have occurred in Ryedale over the last few months and it is completely unacceptable. Killing or injuring a bird of prey is not only illegal but cruel and callous.

Injuries to the buzzard's head

“We are doing everything we can to track down these offenders and I would urge anyone who can help with information about this incident or any other wildlife crime, to get in touch as soon as possible.”

Find out more about bird of prey persecution and how you can Recognise, Record and Report it.

Posted on 13 July 2020 at 11:28am in News stories, Wildlife Crime
