```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-28T10:55:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-harrogate-2/
title: Appeal following theft in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-harrogate-2/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Harrogate.

The incident happened at Jennifer Parker Hair Salon on Cheltenham Crescent in Harrogate between 2.30pm and 2.45pm on Friday 16 December 2016. Two men entered the salon and stole a cash box from the reception desk.

The men are described as;

A White male, 5ft3 in height, slim build, aged late 20's, black hair and black goatee beard. Wearing a black leather jacket and jeans.

A White male, 5ft1 in height, slim build, aged late 20's, black hair and clean shaven. Wearing a brown leather jacket.

One of the men spoke with broken English to a staff member, both men were heard to speak in another language to each other.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify who the offenders are.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Copley. You can also email Nicola.copley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160226073

26/12/2016
**************************************

Contact details:
 Nicola Copley \- #1646
nicola.copley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext. 1646
Incident reference:
 12160226073
Posted on 28 December 2016 at 10:55am in Local appeals
