```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-17T13:34:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-17T13:21:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the long break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Lifestyle-2017-youngsters-1024x490.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Awards ceremony celebrates summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-ceremony-celebrates-summer-contribution-north-yorkshire-young-people/
title: Awards ceremony celebrates summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-ceremony-celebrates-summer-contribution-north-yorkshire-young-people/
```

Last modified: 17 November 2017 at 01:34pm

The extraordinary contribution of North Yorkshire’s youngsters to their communities was celebrated at a glittering awards ceremony.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the long break.

Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they did in a log book provided by the police.

The log books were submitted for judging, and the teams invited to an awards ceremony at York Racecourse on Wednesday 15 November to receive their prizes.

Seventeen teams from across York and North Yorkshire took part and returned their log books – involving over 60 young people and 17 adult advisors who supported them.

Winners of the Lifestyle Challenge this year were:

The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire’s Community Safety Challenge – won by Team ‘TBJ’ from **Northallerton** , three youngsters who collected food and supported Hambleton FoodShare, a charity that provides emergency food parcels.

The Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge – won by the ‘Northern Ninjas’, four girls who held a vintage afternoon tea party and events at a care home in **Ripon** , putting on entertainment and raising money through cake sales.

The Shepherd Group’s Conservation Challenge – won by Team ‘Random’ from **Scarborough** , three girls who helped to improve an open space by creating dog fouling posters and a fairy door trail to encourage people to exercise.

Eboracum’s Safety and Security Challenge – won by Team ‘Salutem Pullae’ (Safety Girls), who created a safety app for visually impaired people to walk around their local town, **Knaresborough**.

Energi’s Sports Challenge – won by ‘The Sunflowers’, two girls in **Crayke** , Easingwold, who made cakes to sell to raise money for local charities, and also ran an outdoor ‘animal trail’ to get the local community together.

PGL’s Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge – won by seven youngsters in teams ‘York Unicorns’ and ‘Friends to Unicorns’ from **York** , who shopped for food and made cakes and meals for the homeless. They also created advice posters, visited a care home reading stories to the residents, served afternoon tea with the cakes they made, raised money through a car boot sale and volunteered at a children’s nursery.

In addition, the ‘Clifton Crew’ in **York** received a prize for working together to improve the environment at an area that has attracted a lot of dumping of rubbish, graffiti and fire.

The overall winning team was ‘TBJ’ from **Northallerton** , who received £50 Argos gift vouchers from Chief Constable Dave Jones.

Other teams that took part in the Lifestyle Challenge were:

 * ‘Project Safer Streets’ ( **Barlby** , Selby) developed a project to tackle parking issues outside school in village by working with residents, parents, parish council and school.
 * ‘Supersmilers’ ( **Poppleton** , York) created community safety posters and raised money for Parkinson’s UK by completing a 2k run.
 * ‘The Boredom Busters’ ( **Sherburn** , Selby) spent time with elderly residents in care home and played games with them, then donated these games to local schools.
 * ‘The Community Brothers’ ( **York** ) held a community car wash and raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support.
 * In **Spennithorne** , Leyburn, ‘Girls on a Mission’ raised money to clean up, paint and repair a local village bus shelter for all to use.
 * ‘The 4 Amigos’ from **York** cleaned up a local bike track which was being used to dump rubbish.
 * ‘Lifestylers WFNT’ ( **Selby** ) helped at local ponds by carrying out maintenance such as litter picking, painting and gardening.
 * Team ‘Fire and Ice’ ( **Filey** ) carried out a project to clean up, make bird feeders and litter pick to improve the area for others.
 * ‘The Candy Land Elephants’ from **York** held two tea/coffee afternoons at a dementia unit, providing entertainment and raising money.

This year’s sponsors included The Shepherd Group, Eboracum, Energi Leisure, PGL, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, York Racecourse and Minster FM. The ceremony was compèred by Harry Hometime from Minster FM.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “It was fantastic to see all the teams together, to celebrate the hard work and dedication these young team members carried out over the summer to help their community.

“It was a very enjoyable evening which made me proud to be a part of Lifestyle, meeting the inspirational teams and their adult advisors – well done to all of them.”

Posted on 17 November 2017 at 01:21pm in News stories
