```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:54:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-05T12:53:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York have issued an appeal to find vital witnesses after a woman moped rider suffered serious injuries when she was involved in a collision with a blue Toyota MR2 and a white Toyota camper van.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vital witnesses sought after woman moped rider suffers serious injuries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-woman-moped-rider-suffers-serious-injuries/
title: Vital witnesses sought after woman moped rider suffers serious injuries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-woman-moped-rider-suffers-serious-injuries/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:54pm

Police in York have issued an appeal to find vital witnesses after a woman moped rider suffered serious injuries when she was involved in a collision with a blue Toyota MR2 and a white Toyota camper van.

It happened at around 9.15pm on Thursday 1 October 2015 near the Monkbar Hotel on St Maurice's Road in York.

Officers would like to speak to the driver and passengers who were in a black Ford Mondeo taxi which pulled up at the Monkbar hotel at the time of the collision, and to a group of young people who were walking along St Maurice's Road. Officers believe they could have important information that could assist the investigation.

A number of people have already come forward and officers have expressed their thanks for their cooperation. However, they would still like to hear from anyone who saw the collision or any of the vehicles prior to the crash, who have not already spoken to the police.

The rider of the moped, a 49 year-old woman from York sustained serious injuries and was taken to Leeds General Infirmary, where she remains in a critical but stable condition. No further injuries were reported.

The driver of the MR2, a 27-year-old man from York was arrested at the scene. He has been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and select option 2 and ask to speak to PC Dave Seavers. Alternatively you can email Dave.Seavers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote ref 12150173899.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

5 October 2015

Posted on 5 October 2015 at 12:53pm in News stories
