```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:49:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-12T16:48:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Middleham.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Burglary on East Wittam Road, Middleham - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-east-wittam-road-middleham/
title: Burglary on East Wittam Road, Middleham
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-east-wittam-road-middleham/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Middleham.

It happened at a property on the East Witton Road (A6108) near to Middleham at approximately 2pm on Tuesday 10 March 2015. A purse containing money was stolen from an elderly woman who lives at the address.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information regarding any suspicious people or vehicles in the area, or unannounced visitors to local addresses that day.

A silver coloured Volkswagon Polo was seen outside of the address around the time of the burglary. Two men were seen in the car. One is described as appearing to be an Asian male with black hair and the other as being a white male with short cropped hair.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Scott Nugent. You can also email scott.nugent@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150039612

Date 12 June 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150039612

Posted on 12 June 2015 at 04:48pm in News stories
