```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-16T11:04:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Special Constables are volunteers, who give a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing. Like regular Officers they must complete extensive legal and practical training, and they have the power of arrest. For some being a Special Constable is a stepping stone into a possible future career as a regular Officer, whilst for others [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/composite-website-jpg.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;Special&quot; day for new NYP volunteers - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-day-for-new-nyp-volunteers/
title: '"Special" day for new NYP volunteers'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-day-for-new-nyp-volunteers/
```

Last modified: 16 July 2019 at 12:04pm

North Yorkshire Police, have gained 14 new Special Constables following a Passing Out Ceremony yesterday (15 July).

Special Constables are volunteers, who give a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing. Like regular Officers they must complete extensive legal and practical training, and they have the power of arrest. For some being a Special Constable is a stepping stone into a possible future career as a regular Officer, whilst for others it is a way to give something back to the community and take up a new challenge, alongside their existing career.

This new cohort of “Specials” have a variety of “day jobs” including careers in retail, theatre management, environmental conservation and even being a lifeguard instructor.

Commenting on the new cohort of Special Constables, North Yorkshire Police’s Deputy Chief Constable, Phil Cain, said:

“Our own Chief Constable, Lisa Winward, started her policing career as a volunteer Special, and we are the lead Force nationally for volunteering, so keeping a strong Special Constabulary is very important to us.

“Special Constables do not “replace” regular Officers - they work alongside them as an important part of the policing family – and we gain enormously from the breadth of knowledge and experience that they bring to our Force. Training to become a Special Constable is not easy, and the fourteen men and women who have joined our Special Constabulary have already shown great dedication to get to this point. I am absolutely delighted to welcome them into North Yorkshire Police and I’m sure they will make a fantastic contribution to their communities.”

The new Special Constables will join the following policing teams:

**York:** Anthony Burns, Rob Gooch, Sarah Harrison, Stuart Macgregor, Emily Myers

**Harrogate:** Samuel Ferguson

**Whitby:** Michael Heerin, Joshua Snaith

**Hambleton/Richmond:** Vicky Noble; Adam Peacock; Michael Scott; Joseph Williscroft

**Northallerton:** Antony Waite

Posted on 16 July 2019 at 12:04pm in News stories
