```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T08:51:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-18T08:50:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident that occurred in Richmond.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man with Axe in Richmond - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-axe-richmond/
title: Man with Axe in Richmond
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-axe-richmond/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 08:51am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident that occurred in Richmond.

It happened at approximately 1.20pm Saturday 12th March on Maison Dieu.

The incident involved a group of three men, one of which is said to have been in possession of an axe, chasing the other two men across Maison Dieu. The man with the axe was shouting and appeared to have blood on his face. He went off into nearby house and the other two men made off towards Richmond town centre.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or who saw the man with the axe, to contact us.

Two men, one aged 28 and the other aged 35, both from Richmond, have been arrested in connection with the incident. Both men have been released on bail while police enquiries continue.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Investigation Hub at Northallerton. You can also email kate.jones@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160043513

Date: 18 March 2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 121600435131

Posted on 18 March 2016 at 08:50am in News stories
