```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:42:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-22T20:41:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers investigating the death of a Harrogate cyclist 14 years ago are appealing for information.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal on 14th anniversary of cyclist&#039;s death - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-14th-anniversary-cyclists-death/
title: Appeal on 14th anniversary of cyclist's death
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-14th-anniversary-cyclists-death/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:42pm

Officers investigating the death of a Harrogate cyclist 14 years ago are appealing for information.

47-year-old Stefan Forge died on 22 August 2001 after being hit by an unknown vehicle as he cycled with a friend along the A658 towards Buttersyke Bar near Harrogate.

The vehicle that hit Stefan and his friend - at around 11.15pm - failed to stop at the scene. Tragically Stefan died from his injuries. His friend, who was severely traumatised by the incident, survived but suffered serious injuries.

Police investigating the collision are now carrying out a review of the case and to coincide with the fourteenth anniversary of the collision, are appealing to anyone who has any information but has not contacted the police.

Sergeant Ian Pope of the Major Collision Investigation Unit, who is carrying out the review, said: "14 years have passed since Stefan died and I am hoping that with the passage of time, someone is now in a position to come forward with information that can help our investigation.

"Stefan's family have had to carry on with their lives, not knowing the full circumstances of his death or who was responsible. We are still working on behalf of them, and hope that someone with that vital piece of information that will lead us to the identity of the vehicle and its driver, is out there.

"It may be that back in 2001, they felt they could not come forward with that information, but perhaps circumstances have changed and they are now in a position to share that information. For the sake of Stefan and his family, I urge you to please get in touch and tell us what you know."

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Ian Pope, or emailian.pope@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

22 August 2015

Posted on 22 August 2015 at 08:41pm in News stories
