```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-27T12:38:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-27T12:33:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A further 12 were given notices of intended prosecution for vehicle defects over a ten-day period. Sixty one vehicles were inspected at locations in Ryedale, Scarborough, Skipton, Hambleton, York and Harrogate between 11 and 21 November. North Yorkshire Police worked with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue service during the road safety operation, which coincided with [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/scarb-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Unroadworthy vehicles seized during winter road safety operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winter-safety-op/
title: Unroadworthy vehicles seized during winter road safety operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winter-safety-op/
```

Last modified: 27 November 2020 at 12:38pm

Police are urging motorists to check their vehicles are roadworthy this winter after five were seized during a recent road safety operation.

Seized: Two vehicles in Scarborough

A further 12 were given notices of intended prosecution for vehicle defects over a ten-day period.

Sixty one vehicles were inspected at locations in Ryedale, Scarborough, Skipton, Hambleton, York and Harrogate between 11 and 21 November.

North Yorkshire Police worked with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue service during the road safety operation, which coincided with national campaigns by road safety charity Brake! and the National Police Chief’s Council (NPCC).

Tyres, lights, number plates, wipers and general vehicle condition were checked by officers, with 20 motorists being given words of advice. MOT, tax and insurance checks were also carried out and further action was taken for more serious matters.

Traffic Constable Jamie Lord said: “Due to the Covid MOT suspension in spring, some vehicles haven’t been tested for almost 18 months now. Despite the extension, motorists still have a legal obligation to keep their vehicles roadworthy.

“Most people do, but a small minority let their vehicles develop serious defects that are both illegal and dangerous – anything that affects stopping distance, handling or visibility can have dire consequences.

“We see serious crashes involving vehicles with bald tyres and other faults, which may have been avoided if they were properly maintained. It’s simply not worth the risk.”

Motorists are advised to check the wear indicators on their tyres – small rubber notches at regular intervals in the tyre tread. If the notches are flush with the tread, it’s time for replacements.

A quick lightbulb check before your next journey is also recommended, as bulbs are prone to blowing at this time of year following greater use.

**> > You can check when your MOT is due using only your registration number here: ****Check the MOT status of a vehicle - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk)**

Posted on 27 November 2020 at 12:33pm in News stories
