```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:47:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-06T10:58:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 22 November 2016, 23-year-old Joseph Morrison, of Burton Leonard, Ripon, was found guilty at Harrogate Magistrates Court of driving a motor vehicle on a road whilst in excess of a prescribed drug limit. A blood test result, obtained after Morrison was arrested in the early hours of Sunday 9 October 2016 confirmed that he [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ripon man disqualified following drug arrest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ripon-man-disqualified-following-drug-arrest/
title: Ripon man disqualified following drug arrest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ripon-man-disqualified-following-drug-arrest/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:47am

A Ripon man has been banned from the roads after being caught drug driving.

On 22 November 2016, 23-year-old Joseph Morrison, of Burton Leonard, Ripon, was found guilty at Harrogate Magistrates Court of driving a motor vehicle on a road whilst in excess of a prescribed drug limit.

A blood test result, obtained after Morrison was arrested in the early hours of Sunday 9 October 2016 confirmed that he was in excess of twice the specified limit for cocaine.

Morrison was also found to be more than nine times over the specified limit for benzoylcgonine.

Morrison was observed by a North Yorkshire Police traffic officer to drive at speed on Harrogate Road towards Ripon city centre. He then contravened a road closed sign and continued onto High Skellgate.

Morrison provided a positive drug saliva specimen at the roadside and was arrested.

Traffic Constable David Minto said: “Morrison’s driving prior to his arrest clearly fell below the standards of a safe and competent driver.

“As a result, he was stopped and dealt with accordingly. I am hugely satisfied that we have taken another motorist off the roads who clearly has scant regard for others.

“We will not tolerate this behaviour on the roads of North Yorkshire and will leave no stone unturned in our determination to put these drivers before the courts.”

Morrison received an 18 month disqualification, a £500 fine and £135 costs.

Posted on 6 December 2016 at 10:58am in News stories
