```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-03-26T14:28:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It occurred at around 12.25pm on Friday 20 March 2020 when a woman was walking on the cycle path from New Earswick towards Wiggington Road. The woman said she saw a man step into bushes at the side of the cycle path and he exposed himself. Police attended the scene and a search and other [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses and information about indecent exposure report in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-and-information-about-indecent-exposure-report-in-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses and information about indecent exposure report in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-and-information-about-indecent-exposure-report-in-york/
```

Last modified: 26 March 2020 at 02:28pm

Police in York are investigating an indecent exposure incident.

It occurred at around 12.25pm on Friday 20 March 2020 when a woman was walking on the cycle path from New Earswick towards Wiggington Road.

The woman said she saw a man step into bushes at the side of the cycle path and he exposed himself.

Police attended the scene and a search and other enquiries were carried out. So far the man has not been identified.

The woman described him as being white, aged in his late 30s with an unkempt appearance. He was wearing a blue beanie hat, blue jeans and a green army-style jacket.

Separately, officers are looking into another incident which occurred on Kimberlow Lane, Hesslington, at around 11.35am on Wednesday 25 March 2020.

A man wearing shorts walked past a woman who noticed his private parts were in view.

He was described as white with dark curly hair, aged around 30, and well built.

Officers again carried out a search and enquiries without locating the man. They need to speak to him about the report.

Both woman are being kept up to date by officers.

Reassurance patrols are taking place in the areas while the investigations continue.

Anyone with information that could help the investigations are asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12200047349 in relation to the incident at New Earswick on 20 March, and reference number 12200049899 for the incident at Hesslington on 25 March.

Posted on 26 March 2020 at 02:28pm in News stories
