```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-06T14:07:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-06T13:39:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The good citizenship scheme, designed to get young people involved in community projects over the summer holidays, has under gone a few changes to take into account social distancing. But the ethos remains the same; to design and deliver worthwhile projects which make a real change in local communities and support the more vulnerable among [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/New-Lifestyle-2020-logo-300x215.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u2018New look\u2019 Lifestyle Challenge is back for 2020! - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-look-lifestyle-challenge-is-back-for-2020/
title: "\u2018New look\u2019 Lifestyle Challenge is back for 2020!"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-look-lifestyle-challenge-is-back-for-2020/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2020 at 03:07pm

North Yorkshire Police is pleased to announce that the ever-popular Lifestyle Challenge is back for summer 2020, with a new look!

The good citizenship scheme, designed to get young people involved in community projects over the summer holidays, has under gone a few changes to take into account social distancing. But the ethos remains the same; to design and deliver worthwhile projects which make a real change in local communities and support the more vulnerable among us.

The scheme has also had a bit of a makeover with the introduction of brand new logo. The logo, designed by talented competition winner 10-year-old Amelia Vance from Harrogate, was chosen from a number of entrants, due to its bright and bold colours and inclusive message.

Lifestyle Challenge is open to young people who live in York and North Yorkshire who are aged between 8-18 years. They can join either as individuals or in groups up to a maximum of six people. The idea is to design a project based on one of five set categories; Volunteer Hero, Community Challenge, Crime Buster Challenge, Care & Respect Challenge and the Educating Others Challenge and deliver it across the school summer holidays.

In previous years there have seen some brilliant ideas; such as collecting for local food banks, organising beach clean-up events, hosting pop-up cafes and carrying out a sponsored scooter ride to raise money for a local play park.

However, in light of the recent Covid-19 virus, this year North Yorkshire Police have made a slight change to the scheme. Where possible, face-to-face challenges can still be delivered – taking safety and current social distancing guidance into consideration. However, the force is also encouraging young people to think ‘outside-of-the-box’ and come up with innovative and exciting digital projects too.

For example, teams could fundraise for a local charity by designing and hosting an online quiz with friends and family, raise awareness of an issue or support services through designing and sharing a digital poster or use their Tik-Tok skills to go viral with a dance that teaches about the dangers of drugs - the possibilities are endless!

Speaking about the Lifestyle Challenge, Children and Young People Engagement Officer, Sergeant Heidi Lewis said;

“Every year we are constantly amazed by the ingenuity and dedication of our young people and the work they carry out through Lifestyle Challenge. Their passion for helping each other and their wider community really does shine through each project.

“While we’ve had to make some slight changes to this year’s scheme to take into account social distancing guidelines, I’m certain this won’t have any effect on the brilliant ideas for fund raising and community projects. We’re also really excited and proud to launch our ‘new look’ logo which was superbly designed by Amelia.

“I’m really looking forward to seeing the ideas and helping to judge which of our entrants will go forward to win a great prize of a week’s adventure holiday. So please do get thinking about what your project could be and head over to the North Yorkshire Police website for more information and details on how to register. ”

For information about the scheme, the five category areas and how to sign up for this summer’s challenge, visit www.northyorkshire.police.co.uk/Lifestyle2020

Posted on 6 July 2020 at 02:39pm in News stories
