```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-15T16:16:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-2/
title: Appeal following burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-2/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary in Harrogate.

The incident happened just after midnight on 10 January 2018 in Wedderburn Road, Harrogate.

The stolen items were discarded a short time later on Fairfax Avenue and at the Fairfax Community Centre.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about suspicious activity in the area at the time of the incident. Did you see anyone in the area of Wedderburn Road, Harrogate overnight between 9 and 10 January? Or on Fairfax Avenue, Harrogate in the early hours of the morning? Officers are encouraging anyone with any information to come forward.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Lucy Armstrong. You can also email lucy.armstrong@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180005470.

Contact details:
 Lucy Armstrong \- #1121
Lucy.armstrong@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643217
Incident reference:
 1218005470
Posted on 15 January 2018 at 04:16pm in Local appeals
