```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-16T15:43:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-16T15:17:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Dariush Behdarvandi-Aidi, 33, was convicted of raping and sexually assaulting one woman in April 2017, and raping another woman in December 2017. Behdarvandi-Aidi, from Pocklington, denied the offences, but following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police, was found guilty at a trial in October 2020. He was sentenced to six years and ten months in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/Dariush-BEHDARVANDI-AIDI-201286-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man jailed for raping two women while they slept - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-raping-two-women-while-they-slept/
title: Man jailed for raping two women while they slept
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-raping-two-women-while-they-slept/
```

Last modified: 16 November 2020 at 03:43pm

A man has been jailed after raping two women while they slept.

Dariush Behdarvandi-Aidi, 33, was convicted of raping and sexually assaulting one woman in April 2017, and raping another woman in December 2017.

Behdarvandi-Aidi, from Pocklington, denied the offences, but following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police, was found guilty at a trial in October 2020.

He was sentenced to six years and ten months in jail at Leeds Crown Court on Monday 16 November 2020.

In December 2017, Behdarvandi-Aidi raped a woman at a house in Knaresborough as she slept after a night out. She woke up and pushed him away, calling the police while he was still in the house. Officers attended immediately and Behdarvandi-Aidi was arrested.

The following January, another woman reported to the police that her friend had been sexually assaulted and raped by Behdarvandi-Aidi after a night out in April 2017, in a flat in Chapel Allerton, Leeds. The victim was asleep at the time, and when she woke up she had no memory of what had happened. The friend came forward after hearing about the December 2017 incident.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Emma Dawson of Harrogate CID, said: “I am pleased that justice has been delivered for both victims today.

“No prison sentence can make up for the distress and suffering they have endured, but I hope they can both take some comfort from the fact that Behdarvandi-Aidi is now behind bars for his crimes.

“If you have been a victim of a sexual offence, whether it happened recently, or many years ago, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. We have specially trained officers who will listen to you, treat you with sensitivity, and can help bring those responsible to justice.”

If you do not want to talk to the police, you can contact the Bridge House SARC (Sexual Assault Referral Centre) on 0330 223 0362 or visit www.bridgehousesarc.org.

Their team of professionals offer free support and practical help 24/7 to anyone in North Yorkshire who has experienced sexual violence or sexual abuse. Their service is completely confidential and you do not have to give any personal information in order to get help.

If you are in danger, always call 999 and get to a safe place.

Posted on 16 November 2020 at 03:17pm in News stories
