```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-19T09:39:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-18T11:39:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The theft happened from a dig that was taking place at Old Maltongate in Malton in May. Overnight on Wednesday 9 May 2018, unknown offenders entered the dig and removed a skull from the site which had been partially covered. Officers are appealing for information about the theft, and in particular the identity of two [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Roman skull stolen from archaeological dig - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/roman-skull-stolen-from-archaeological-dig/
title: Roman skull stolen from archaeological dig
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/roman-skull-stolen-from-archaeological-dig/
```

Last modified: 19 June 2018 at 10:39am

North Yorkshire Police are investigating the theft of a skull dating back to Roman times from an archaeological dig in Malton.

The theft happened from a dig that was taking place at Old Maltongate in Malton in May.

Overnight on Wednesday 9 May 2018, unknown offenders entered the dig and removed a skull from the site which had been partially covered.

Officers are appealing for information about the theft, and in particular the identity of two men seen attending the site during the day of 11 May, who asked questions about the dig and took photographs. They were seen driving a small white van with a registration similar to YO56 UZN.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Mark Atkinson, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce. You can also email mark.atkinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180082130.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: "Our region was once at the heart of the Roman empire in Britain, with a major provincial capital at Eboracum, now York, and an auxiliary fort and civilian settlement at Derventio Brigantum, now Malton.

"That rich history and cultural heritage is part of the reason why it's such an attractive place to live and visit today.

"Heritage crime damages those historical assets, and the cost to our communities is often immeasurable. Our Rural Taskforce is continually working with partner agencies and the wider community to protect such sites, so that others can continue to enjoy them for many years to come.

"If you have an interest in heritage, or live near a historical site, please keep an eye out, and report any suspicious activity to us on 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress. Visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/heritagewatch to find out how else you can help."

Contact details:
 Mark Atkinson \- #1817
mark.atkinson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31817
Incident reference:
 12180082130
Posted on 18 June 2018 at 12:39pm in News stories
