```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:20:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-15T10:19:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A 26-year-old-man from Burniston, Scarborough has appeared in York Crown Court today (15 April 2016) charged with causing the death of one of his friends by driving whilst unfit through drugs.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/BACKHOUSE__Christopher-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dangerous drug driver sentenced after causing the death of his friend - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dangerous-drug-driver-sentenced-causing-death-friend/
title: Dangerous drug driver sentenced after causing the death of his friend
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dangerous-drug-driver-sentenced-causing-death-friend/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:20am

A 26-year-old-man from Burniston, Scarborough has appeared in York Crown Court today (15 April 2016) charged with causing the death of one of his friends by driving whilst unfit through drugs.

Christopher Backhouse was found to have a toxic and potentially fatal level of MDMA in his system, which resulted in him providing a reading **130 times** the drug driving limit.

On Monday 11 August 2014 Backhouse was driving his friends along a stretch of the A64 in his Renault Clio, when the car left the road and overturned into a ditch, killing his friend and passenger 22-year-old Alexander Baron.

Backhouse been sentenced to two years in prison and was given a three year ban from driving.

The friends had spent the weekend at a music festival in Wiltshire where Backhouse consumed a large volume of illegal drugs. He then agreed to drive the 270 mile journey home to Scarborough with Alexander Baron and some other friends as his passengers, whilst still under the influence of the illegal substances.

At 3.30pm that day, North Yorkshire Police were alerted to reports of a car leaving the carriageway of the A64 near Tadcaster. Police attended and Backhouse's car was found overturned in a ditch. Sadly Alexander Baron was pronounced dead at the scene.

Speaking about the sentence TC Zoe Billings who has been leading the investigation said:

"Backhouse had a duty of care as the driver of the car to get his passengers to their destination safely and securely. He was well aware of the concoction of drugs he had taken over the weekend. By agreeing to drive and be in control of the car, Backhouse gave no consideration to the safety of his friends and passengers and put their lives at risk. The gamble he made very sadly resulted in the death of a young man."

"The amount of drugs found in Backhouse's system was simply staggering - the highest reading our force has ever seen. How he thought he was fit to drive is just beyond comprehension. To then agree to take passengers and put their lives at risk was just plain irresponsible and sadly had very tragic consequences."

"The length of sentence given to Backhouse should act as a warning to those who choose to take drugs and drive - North Yorkshire Police are equipped to detect drug drivers and remain committed to removing those that pose a threat to law abiding drivers from the roads."

**The famiy of Alexander Baron have released the following statement:**

Alex was the youngest of our three sons, he was enjoying life to the full having only recently returned from Australia a few weeks before his untimely death.

Alex was very popular, he had many friends and had grown up to be a thoughtful and helpful young man and this was evident by his charity work.

Initially we had formed the opinion that the accident was exactly that, an "accident", however as the police investigation progressed it became clear things were very different. To learn that the driver of the car had been found with a very high level of an illegal substance in his system was difficult to comprehend, the thought of someone being so irresponsible and the fact that this accident could have been so easily prevented, infuriates us.

We understand that this was a group of friends returning home from a weekend away together and we take some comfort from the fact that the driver has acknowledged responsibility for our son's death, but knowing that the driver continued to misuse drugs after this accident clearly shows his lack of empathy.

The new drug drive laws were not in place at the time of Alex's death, but to learn that the driver's level was in excess of 100 times the new drug drive limit shows the severity of his ways.

We are aware of the amount of work carried out to secure justice for Alex and we would like to thank everyone involved in the investigation and prosecution for their commitment and compassion throughout this difficult time.

Alex will not be forgotten by any of his friends and family who loved and cared for him so very much, his passing has left a huge void in so many lives that can never be filled, we would like everyone that knew Alex to remember him for his fun loving nature and recall him with fond memories.

Posted on 15 April 2016 at 10:19am in News stories
