```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:05:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-17T13:04:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Countryside residents are being urged to have their say as the largest ever survey into policing, crime and anti-social behaviour in rural areas nears its deadline.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Just one week left to take part in the biggest ever survey on countryside crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/just-one-week-left-take-part-biggest-ever-survey-countryside-crime/
title: Just one week left to take part in the biggest ever survey on countryside crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/just-one-week-left-take-part-biggest-ever-survey-countryside-crime/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:05pm

Countryside residents are being urged to have their say as the largest ever survey into policing, crime and anti-social behaviour in rural areas nears its deadline.

he survey, available to complete at www.nationalruralcrimenetwork.net/survey, is being run by the National Rural Crime Network, is calling for people to have their say on the impact of crime and anti-social behaviour on communities, how the police can better serve rural communities and ultimately the future of crime prevention and rural policing.

Open to those living, working or with an interest in rural areas across England, Wales and Northern Ireland, the survey, which has already attracted more than 11,000 responses, explores how crime and ASB, as well as the threat of potential crime, affects individuals, both financially and emotionally.

Chair of the National Rural Crime Network, Julia Mulligan, who is also North Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, commented: "We commissioned this survey to help build a more comprehensive picture of what a widespread but often misunderstood issue countryside crime can be and it is important that as many people as possible have their say on this matter in order to inform future policing resources. Too often, crimes in rural areas go unreported which can lead to under resourcing and lack of confidence in local forces.

"You certainly don't need to have been a victim of crime to have a view on how the police operate. You may be concerned about police visibility or response, see incidents that go unreported, or you may have a local officer who is engaged and proactive. Whatever your view, we want to hear from you."

Any crime that takes place in an urban area can happen in rural areas too, and how policing is delivered affects everyone living and working there while what is traditionally considered rural farm such as farm-related incidents, fuel theft and sheep rustling make up just one part of the problem.

The National Rural Crime Network is supported by 30 Police and Crime Commissioners and police forces across England and Wales. The Network, established in July 2014, includes a wide range of organisations with an interest in community safety and rural affairs such as the National Farmers Union, Historic England, Neighbourhood Watch and Crimestoppers.

The survey will be open until Wednesday 24 June. To complete the survey, visit www.nationalruralcrimenetwork.net/survey

For more information on the NRCN visit:www.nationalruralcrimenetwork.net

**17 June 2015**

Posted on 17 June 2015 at 01:04pm in News stories
