```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-31T18:20:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-31T18:20:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The accident happened at about 11.45am today (Sunday 31 January) at the junction of College Lane and Filey Road in Scarborough. Sadly, the driver of the car was taken to hospital where he died. In the earlier appeal, police explained that someone at the scene had tested positive for coronavirus and that those who stopped [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Update following fatal collision in Scarborough \u2013 those who stopped do not need to isolate as initially thought - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/members-of-public-who-stopped-at-fatal-collision-in-scarborough-asked-to-isolate/
title: "Update following fatal collision in Scarborough \u2013 those who stopped do not need to isolate as initially thought"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/members-of-public-who-stopped-at-fatal-collision-in-scarborough-asked-to-isolate/
```

Last modified: 31 January 2021 at 06:20pm

North Yorkshire Police has issued an update about the fatal collision in Scarborough today where those who stopped to help were initially asked to isolate due to a coronavirus link.

The accident happened at about 11.45am today (Sunday 31 January) at the junction of College Lane and Filey Road in Scarborough.

Sadly, the driver of the car was taken to hospital where he died.

In the earlier appeal, police explained that someone at the scene had tested positive for coronavirus and that those who stopped to help would therefore need to isolate.

Following further enquiries, it has now emerged that the person who had tested positive for coronavirus did so on 6 January and therefore those people who came into contact with them do not need to isolate as previously thought.

A spokesperson said: "Our thanks once again to those who stopped to help and our apologies for any confusion this may have caused.

"Please can we ask that you avoid any unhelpful speculation that may add to the distress of the man’s loved ones. Our thoughts are with them at this very sad time."

Anyone who saw what happened or has any information is asked to call 101 or email the Major Collision Investigation Team at MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference number 12210049306

* * *

**Members of public who stopped at fatal collision in Scarborough asked to isolate**

Posted on 31 January 2021 at 02:47pm in News stories

North Yorkshire Police is asking any members of public who stopped at an accident in Scarborough today to isolate due to coronavirus link.

The accident happened at the junction of College Lane and Filey Road at about 11.45am today (Sunday 31 January).

The driver of the car was taken to hospital where he sadly died.

Police have thanked the members of the public who stopped to help. Unfortunately, someone at the scene has coronavirus and so anyone who stopped will need to isolate immediately. More details can be found at nhs.uk.

Officers would also like to hear from anyone who saw what happened or has any information that could assist the investigation.

Please call 101 or email the Major Collision Investigation Team at MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference number 12210049306

Posted on 31 January 2021 at 06:20pm in News stories
