```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-23T14:32:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-23T14:32:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward and Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire Julia Mulligan proudly opened the building at Fulford Road police station in York on Monday 23 July 2018. \_The new building, which cost over half a million pound, will house a bespoke control room training facility and tutorship room, and also provide [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/FCR-extension-Julia-Mulligan-and-Temp-CC-Lisa-Winward-1024x809.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Force Control Room extension will train more staff and provide resilience in times of high demand - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-control-room-extension-will-train-more-staff-and-provide-resilience-in-times-of-high-demand/
title: Force Control Room extension will train more staff and provide resilience in times of high demand
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/force-control-room-extension-will-train-more-staff-and-provide-resilience-in-times-of-high-demand/
```

Last modified: 23 July 2018 at 03:32pm

An extension to North Yorkshire Police's Force Control Room has been officially opened.

Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward and Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire Julia Mulligan proudly opened the building at Fulford Road police station in York on Monday 23 July 2018.

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire and Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward open the Force Control Room extension

The new building, which cost over half a million pound, will house a bespoke control room training facility and tutorship room, and also provide a general ICT training suite for the force as a whole.

The IT facilities, which represent a £200,000 investment, have also been configured to provide an extra call centre facility for the force to use in times of extreme demand or crisis.

The building, funded through a £3 million investment announced by the Police and Crime Commissioner earlier this year, was built in just ten weeks.

The groundwork was began on Wednesday 16 April 2018, with twelve modular buildings being craned in two weeks later on 2 May 2018.

Two days later the IT fit out began, with the first room being signed off as operational on 8 June 2018 and the building marked as completed on 27 June 2018.

A remarkable 2.75 km of cabling has gone into the building, with 81 new FCR configured computers and 128 new monitors being fitted and ready for use. Speaking about the new building Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“Over the past 18 months our Force Control Room has dealt with incredible levels of demand, the likes of which we have not experienced before.

“Thanks to some operational changes we made last year when demand started to spike, the Control Room have been able to answer emergency calls within our target times. For example in June 2018 they dealt with 7,601 emergency 999 calls, answering calls in an average of 8.3 seconds.

“We will continue to monitor and forecast call levels and employ all our resources to ensure we continue to deliver a high level of service. However, we recognise that ultimately we cannot control the number of calls that are made to us and appeal to members of the public to only dial 999 in incidents where there is immediate danger or ongoing crime. If your call is not urgent please contact us on 101.

“The new facility that has been opened today will further assist us to meet the escalating call on our resources, by enabling us to train our new and future intakes of call handlers quicker and get them operational sooner and provide us with extra Control Room capability in times of extreme demand .”

Julia Mulligan, elected Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said:

“Investing in our force control room was the right thing to do and it is important that residents and businesses across North Yorkshire now see real improvements to how enquiries are handled.

"The public have been clear that the service hasn’t been good enough to date, and the police have been clear that this £3m investment will not only help them deal with the busy summer months ahead, but should also ensure the control room is set up to improve over the long-term too. Having said that, there can be no more excuses - North Yorkshire Police has to now deliver.

“North Yorkshire Police must also look to the long-term and make it easier for residents and businesses to contact the police and report their concerns."

Posted on 23 July 2018 at 03:32pm in News stories
