```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-08-04T13:53:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; Simeon Denny from Pontefract in West Yorkshire\_was sentenced to five years and nine months imprisonment for\_causing the death of 50-year-old Harrogate woman Carol Jones, by dangerous driving. He was also\_banned from the roads for six and a half years. At 7.00am on the morning of Sunday 14 August 2016, Denny drove his BMW 1 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/08/DENNY-Simeon-311287-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Drink and drug driver who caused the death of Harrogate woman by dangerous driving is jailed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drug-driver-caused-death-harrogate-woman-dangerous-driving-jailed/
title: Drink and drug driver who caused the death of Harrogate woman by dangerous driving is jailed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drug-driver-caused-death-harrogate-woman-dangerous-driving-jailed/
```

Last modified: 4 August 2017 at 02:53pm

A 29-year-old man has pleaded guilty at York Crown Court today (Friday 4 August 2017) to causing death by dangerous driving and driving over the prescribed limit for both alcohol and cannabis.

Simeon Denny from Pontefract in West Yorkshire was sentenced to five years and nine months imprisonment for causing the death of 50-year-old Harrogate woman Carol Jones, by dangerous driving. He was also banned from the roads for six and a half years.

At 7.00am on the morning of Sunday 14 August 2016, Denny drove his BMW 1 series at high speed through a red light at the junction of Otley Road and Cold Bath Road in Harrogate. He collided with a blue ford fiesta, driven by 50-year-old Carol Jones, who was travelling to work at Harrogate Police Station, where she worked as a member of police staff. Denny’s car struck Mrs Jones car side on, killing her instantly.

Through detailed investigation conducted by the North Yorkshire Police Major Collision Investigation Team, police found that Denny did not make any attempt to brake before the collision, resulting in him hitting Mrs Jones vehicle at a speed of 60mph.

Following the fatal collision, alcohol and drug tests were carried out which found Denny to be nearly twice the legal limit for alcohol and over the legal limit for cannabis.

Commenting on the sentence TC Zoe Billings of the Major Collision Investigation Team, who led the investigation said “This was a truly shocking and horrendous collision, which resulted in an innocent woman losing her life. Carol Jones was simply driving to work that morning and passing through a green light, when Denny struck her vehicle with such force that she very sadly died behind the wheel.

“Denny’s dangerous and irresponsible driving and selfish actions have devastated a family and caused so much heartache. It’s hard to comprehend how someone could be so reckless and foolish to drive through a red light at double the speed limit whilst under the influence of drink and drugs. I hope the length of the sentence given to him today sends a stark warning to anyone who chooses to drink or drug drive or drive dangerously and risk the lives of others on the roads.”

Chief Constable Dave Jones said “We all still feel the loss of our friend and colleague Carol, who was a valued member of our policing family. Carol embodied the values of the policing service. She carried out her job and served her community with commitment, integrity and enthusiasm and was a credit to the force.

“I’d like to thank the officers involved in the investigation for all their hard work and determination in ensuring that justice was served to Carol and her family.”

Posted on 4 August 2017 at 02:53pm in News stories
