```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:55:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-16T10:11:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Local units were deployed to search the area and promptly located a suspicious vehicle which failed to stop. Following a pursuit, a police car was hit before the suspect vehicle went off-road to make their escape. The National Police Air Service (NPAS) was called to assist with the search and located the vehicle abandoned in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/B6FD03AB-703E-4033-B041-CA2712373273.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Three suspected burglars charged following \u2018huge team effort\u2019 by Harrogate police and police helicopter - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-suspected-burglars-charged-following-huge-team-effort-by-harrogate-police-and-police-helicopter/
title: "Three suspected burglars charged following \u2018huge team effort\u2019 by Harrogate police and police helicopter"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-suspected-burglars-charged-following-huge-team-effort-by-harrogate-police-and-police-helicopter/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:55pm

Three suspected burglars have been charged following a ‘huge team effort’ between North Yorkshire Police and the police helicopter.

PD Bobby

Local units were deployed to search the area and promptly located a suspicious vehicle which failed to stop.

Following a pursuit, a police car was hit before the suspect vehicle went off-road to make their escape.

The National Police Air Service (NPAS) was called to assist with the search and located the vehicle abandoned in a wooded area near to Wetherby Service Station.

Shortly after, the helicopter team located three people in a nearby field and directed officers on the ground towards them.

One of the men was quickly detained and arrested by an officer and dog from the force’s Dogs Section just before two others were located hidden up a tree and arrested by other units.

Of the arrests, North Yorkshire Police’s Commander for Harrogate and Craven, Detective Superintendent Steve Thomas said:

“This was a huge team effort between North Yorkshire Police’s Response teams, Roads Policing Group, Dogs Section, Firearms Unit, Force Control Room, Investigation Hub and greatly assisted by team at NPAS.

“It was an excellent result which demonstrated policing at it’s very best – three arrested and suspected stolen property recovered.

“A huge thanks to all involved and an extra mention to police dog Bobby who was celebrating his third birthday when he caught the first suspect running away and trying to climb over a 6ft fence, good lad.”

All three men from Bradford, aged 27, 29 and 47, were charged with three separate burglaries other than dwelling and aggravated vehicle taking. They were remanded in custody to appear at York Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 16 January.

Officers are appealing to anyone who was driving between Plompton and the A1 between 3am and 4am on Wednesday 15 January, who witnessed a silver Toyota Hilux being followed by police vehicles, or has any CCTV or dash-cam taken in the area at the time to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Please quote reference 12200008050 when providing any information.

Harrogate Response Officer tweets a picture of her muddy uniform following the arrests

Posted on 16 January 2020 at 10:11am in Burglary, News stories
