```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:59:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-06T12:57:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man was arrested, drugs seized and a stolen vehicle recovered, as part of a police operation to protect North Yorkshire&#039;s southern border from travelling criminals.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&#039;Night of action&#039; as Operation Hawk protects North Yorkshire&#039;s southern border - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/night-action-operation-hawk-protects-north-yorkshires-southern-border/
title: '''Night of action'' as Operation Hawk protects North Yorkshire''s southern border'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/night-action-operation-hawk-protects-north-yorkshires-southern-border/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:59pm

A man was arrested, drugs seized and a stolen vehicle recovered, as part of a police operation to protect North Yorkshire's southern border from travelling criminals.

North Yorkshire Police's Road Crime Teams were joined by the force's York-based Neighbourhood Support Team over the weekend.

Dozens of officers in marked and unmarked police vehicles worked on the proactive operation from 3pm on Friday 2 October to 3am the following day.

Acting on intelligence, officers stopped a silver Vauxhall Astra on the M62 near the A19 junction at about 7pm. The passenger in the car, a 40-year-old man from Dunnington, was arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A drug, after being seen to throw a quantity of crack cocaine from the vehicle.

He was also further arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice and driving while disqualified on a different occasion. He has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Just before 11pm, Operation Hawk officers also attended Castleford in West Yorkshire following a report of an abandoned vehicle there. The black Mercedes-Benz Sprinter van was found to have been stolen in an incident a few days earlier, and was recovered for a forensic examination.

Officers also issued five traffic offence reports for motoring offences, including speeding.

North Yorkshire is the largest single county police force, with 6,000 miles of roads, and the safest place in England. However, the area borders seven other counties, including four with the highest crime rate per 1,000 population. Around 20% of all detected crime in North Yorkshire is committed by criminals travelling from neighbouring areas. Operation Hawk aims to track and disrupt those travelling criminals.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "Operation Hawk continues to send a clear message to travelling criminals: if you use our road networks to commit offences, there is a very good chance that we will catch you. Our £1m investment in ANPR means it is increasingly difficult for offenders to get in and out of North Yorkshire without being spotted.

"We will actively hunt down suspects to their homes and, as Friday's operation shows, even travel to other force areas if necessary.

"People living in rural communities near Selby and across North Yorkshire can be reassured that these proactive operations will continue and more arrests will be made, until travelling criminals get the message that they are not welcome in North Yorkshire."

**6 October 2015**

Posted on 6 October 2015 at 12:57pm in News stories
