```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-08T10:01:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-08T09:06:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'The week of action aims to raise awareness of the devastating effect stalking has on the emotional, mental and physical health of victims and the fact that #StalkingStealsLives Stalking is a pattern of unwanted, fixated and obsessive behaviour which is intrusive and causes fear of violence or serious alarm or distress. Examples of stalking can [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Cliff-edge.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Stalking steals lives \u2013 North Yorkshire Police support National Stalking Awareness week - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stalking-steals-lives-north-yorkshire-police-support-national-stalking-awareness-week/
title: "Stalking steals lives \u2013 North Yorkshire Police support National Stalking Awareness week"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stalking-steals-lives-north-yorkshire-police-support-national-stalking-awareness-week/
```

Last modified: 8 April 2019 at 11:01am

This week see the launch of National Stalking Awareness week, which runs from Monday 8 to Friday 12 April 2019.

The week of action aims to raise awareness of the devastating effect stalking has on the emotional, mental and physical health of victims and the fact that **#StalkingStealsLives**

Stalking is a pattern of unwanted, fixated and obsessive behaviour which is intrusive and causes fear of violence or serious alarm or distress.

Examples of stalking can be receiving unwanted and unsolicited gifts, receiving ongoing unwanted communication either in person, by phone, letter or online, being followed or spied on and having your property damaged or threats made towards your safety.

Studies have shown that due to the sustained psychological assault, victims of stalking can experience psychological trauma including:

 * Denial, confusion, self-doubt, questioning if what is happening is unreasonable, wondering if they are over-reacting
 * Depression
 * Anxiety, panic attacks, fear of leaving the house
 * Difficulty concentrating or remembering things
 * Inability to sleep which may be due to reoccurring nightmares and/or ruminating
 * Symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, for example being hypervigilant (always on the lookout), having flashbacks of frightening incidents or being easily startled
 * Self-medication through alcohol or drugs or using prescribed medications
 * Suicidal thoughts and/or suicide attempts

Talking about the effects of stalking, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder said:

“There are numerous misconceptions about stalking, with many people not realising the devastating impact it has on its victims. Our ‘No matter how small it is campaign’ which ran throughout the early part of this year, highlighted the fact that stalking is an extremely serious crime and it can, and does, escalate to rape and murder. It is not romantic; it is about fixation, control and obsession.”

“Victims of stalking have told us that before coming to the police, when they have disclosed to someone that they believe they are being stalked and described the type of behaviour that is being targeted at them, they have been told that they should be flattered by the attention. Such behaviour is not flattering, it can be dangerous”

“Already being in a vulnerable state, this advice leads to victims doubting themselves, believing that they are overreacting and ultimately being dissuaded from taking action against their stalker. If the police are informed, we can then take positive action”.

“National figures show that on average, victims do not tend to report stalking to police until the 100th incident. By then the effects of being stalked have already taken a toll of their emotional, mental and sometimes physical health.”

“Victims have told us that the ongoing trauma and anxiety of stalking feels like they are walking along a cliff edge and don’t know if, or when they are going to be pushed off. Others have described it as repeated mental rape.

“That’s why we want victims to come forward and make a report to police as early as possible. We can then take the relevant steps to safeguard them and stop the stalker.”

Detective Superintendent Harder continued:

“We realise that not all victims may want to speak to the police, but help is still available from organisations such as the National Stalking Helpline – www.stalkinghelpline.org and Paladin – www.paladinservice.co.uk or from Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire - www.supportingvictims.org

“The most important thing is to seek help and not to let stalking steal your life.”

Posted on 8 April 2019 at 10:06am in News stories
