```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-26T14:55:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first incident happened on Cavendish Street in Skipton between 1.30 and 2pm on Thursday 22 February 2018. It involved male suspects breaking into a white Peugeot Partner van and stealing power tools. The second incident happened outside Beck Hall in Malham at approximately 2.20pm on the same date. It again involved male suspects breaking [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following thefts from motor vehicles in Skipton and Malham - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-thefts-motor-vehicles/
title: Appeal following thefts from motor vehicles in Skipton and Malham
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-thefts-motor-vehicles/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two thefts from motor vehicles that occurred in Skipton and Malham on Thursday 22nd February 2018.

The first incident happened on Cavendish Street in Skipton between 1.30 and 2pm on Thursday 22 February 2018.

It involved male suspects breaking into a white Peugeot Partner van and stealing power tools.

The second incident happened outside Beck Hall in Malham at approximately 2.20pm on the same date. It again involved male suspects breaking into a white Citroen Dispatch van to steal power tools.

On both occasions the suspects have been seen in a red Ford KA.

The vehicle was successfully located shortly afterwards and three men were arrested - two 23-year-old men both from Bradford and a 24-year-old man also from Bradford who have since been released under investigation while our enquiries continue.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and in particular, would like witnesses who may have seen anyone acting supiciously around the targeted vehicles or sightings of the the red Ford KA.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Michael Haydock.

You can also email michael.haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180031361.

Contact details:
 Michael Haydock \- #0155
michael.haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30155
Incident reference:
 12180031361
Posted on 26 February 2018 at 02:55pm in Local appeals
