```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-08T16:24:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-08T16:18:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following two incidents involving two separate vehicles in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following theft of a vehicle in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-theft-vehicle-scarborough/
title: Appeal for witnesses following theft of a vehicle in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-theft-vehicle-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 8 January 2018 at 04:24pm

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following two incidents involving two separate vehicles in Scarborough.

Between 6.10pm and 6.20pm on 7 January 2018, a man attempted to steal a blue Citroen which was being driven by a woman. The car was on Friargate in Scarborough and the woman had her young son in the front passenger seat. The woman beeped her horn to get attention and a man approached the vehicle to help, which caused the offender to run off.

Around ten minutes later, between 6.20pm and 6.30pm, a bronze Peugeot was parked on St Thomas Street in Scarborough, near to Scarborough Tandoori Restaurant. A 32 year old local woman was sitting in the front passenger seat when a man got into the car, pushed the woman out of the car and drove off.

The car crashed minutes later on James Street and the man ran off on foot. Officers attended and made searches of the area.

The woman who was in the front passenger seat of the Peugeot sustained injuries to her back and her hand when she was pushed out of the car. She needed treatment at hospital for her injuries.

A man in his thirties has been arrested in connection with the incident. He is currently being questioned by police.

We are appealing for witnesses and anyone with any information to come forward.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the man who assisted the woman on Friargate, as he left the scene before officers could speak with him and it is believed he is a key witness.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sarah Walkey. You can also email sarah.walkey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180003842.

Posted on 8 January 2018 at 04:18pm in News stories
