```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-12T14:28:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-12T10:12:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 4.10pm on Wednesday 11 September 2019 when a woman returned to her home address in Askham Lane, Acomb and heard voices that she didn\u2019t recognise upstairs. She collected their family dog and ran to her neighbours who contacted the police. A door lock had been forced and several items of sentimental [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Capture.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sentimental items stolen in York burglary - can you help? - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-in-york/
title: Sentimental items stolen in York burglary - can you help?
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-in-york/
```

Last modified: 12 September 2019 at 03:28pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary from a home in York.

It happened at around 4.10pm on Wednesday 11 September 2019 when a woman returned to her home address in Askham Lane, Acomb and heard voices that she didn’t recognise upstairs.

She collected their family dog and ran to her neighbours who contacted the police.

A door lock had been forced and several items of sentimental items were stolen including:

 * A men’s Rotary watch with a black leather strap and stainless steel bracket. Analogue with three dials.
 * A ruby and diamond gold ring.
 * Three identical gold rings with no distinguishing features.
 * Three silver rings Serviette style - one with SDK engraving and another with ARK engraving, both engravings on the outside.
 * A wooden box containing hair grips.
 * An engagement ring with a sapphire and two diamonds.

A white and red pillowcase with a dog motif [pictured] is believed to have been used to carry the stolen items from the house.

A short time later, police saw two white men running from the direction of Askham Lane towards Tennent Road, near to the public park at Bachelor Hill who may be able to assist the investigation.

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, they would like to hear from anyone who saw anyone acting suspiciously or running in the Askham Lane, Tennent Road or Bachelor Hill areas or who may have CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in the area at the time.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Ellison or David Pegg. You can also email david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190168927

Follow us on Twitter: @NYorksPolice

Contact details:
 DAVE ELLISON \- #0041
david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 07741174815
Incident reference:
 12190168927
Posted on 12 September 2019 at 11:12am in Local appeals
