```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-12T15:50:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-08T15:26:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; 15 had an insufficient sample left to re-test 52 returned with the same outcome (i.e. still positive although the actual figures may differ from the original result) 15 had a varied outcome (i.e. the level of cannabis in the sample is now under the legal limit but other drugs still over) 71 returned with [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update on the Randox Testing Services issue from a North Yorkshire perspective (10 December 2018) - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-confirms-number-local-cases-affected-national-randox-testing-services-investigation/
title: Update on the Randox Testing Services issue from a North Yorkshire perspective (10 December 2018)
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-confirms-number-local-cases-affected-national-randox-testing-services-investigation/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2018 at 03:50pm

Out of the 493 local cases identified, 206 have been sent for re-test of which:

 * **15** had an insufficient sample left to re-test

 * **52** returned with the same outcome (i.e. still positive although the actual figures may differ from the original result)

 * **15** had a varied outcome (i.e. the level of cannabis in the sample is now under the legal limit but other drugs still over)

 * **71** returned with full negative result

 * **53** are waiting for re-test results

 * There are **no live cases** at court

Regarding **convictions that have been overturned** due to the Randox Testing Services issue, there are currently three North Yorkshire cases all relating to driving while over the limit for cannabis:

 * A 27-year-old man from York who was convicted at York Magistrates’ Court on 25 November 2016 after pleading guilty to driving while over the limit for cannabis on Bland Lane, Knapton, on 3 October 2016. He received a 12-month driving ban and was ordered to pay £85 court costs and £30 victim surcharge. The case was re-opened and the charge was withdrawn on 1 March 2018
 * A 22-year-old man from the Hutton Rudby area was found guilty at Northallerton Magistrates’ Court trial on 23 December 2016 in relation to driving while over the limit for cannabis after being stopped by the police at Stokesley on 15 August 2016. He received a 12-month driving ban and ordered to pay a £180 fine, £150 court costs and £30 victim surcharge. The appeal was allowed on 7 March 2017
 * A 23-year-old man from York was convicted of driving while over the limit for cannabis on Ostman Road, York, on 14 December 2015. He was dealt with at York Crown Court on 13 May 2016. The appeal came back as not guilty on 13 April 2018

A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said: “This serious and widespread issue is continuing to be addressed at a national level, and we are doing absolutely everything we can locally to support that national effort.”

Anyone who has concerns about this issue or requires further information, please go to the Ministry of Justice website www.gov.uk/guidance/forensic-toxicology-tests.

The latest update from the **National Police Chiefs’ Council** (NPCC), issued on 6 December 2018, is as follows:

**National operation to retest manipulated forensic samples continues** **
**
Following a Randox Testing Services (RTS) report to Greater Manchester Police of alleged data manipulation within their laboratory processes, a team of experts identified that thousands of cases had been affected and a major national retesting programme was commissioned.

The National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC), working with the Forensic Services Regulator (FSR), the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), the Home Office and the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners (APCC), has identified more than 10,500 cases across 42 force areas that may have been affected by manipulation.

The alleged manipulation came to light in January 2017 when RTS, during an internal investigation, uncovered irregularities and reported the details to Greater Manchester Police and the appropriate regulatory authorities. A criminal investigation was subsequently launched and as a result two men – a 47-year-old and a 31-year-old - were arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. They have been re-bailed until 10 January 2019.

Six more people, two women and four men, have also been interviewed under caution, although all but one of those have since been eliminated from enquiries.

Of the 10,500 cases identified, nearly 4000 have been retested or submitted for retesting and 2300 cases have been struck from the retesting process as they have been deemed unlikely to result in a change to the criminal justice outcome.

Of the highest priority cases, nearly 90 per cent (approx. 800) of cases have been retested, with the rest to be completed by April 2019.
Of the 2700 cases which have been fully revisited, approximately three per cent (a minimum of 90) of outcomes were affected. All 90 are road traffic cases, of which 50 were discontinued by the CPS and 40 had a conviction overturned following the case being reopened under s.142 of the Magistrates Courts Act, which gives Magistrates’ Courts a power to reopen cases to rectify mistakes.

Four additional road traffic cases have been taken to the Court of Appeal, with one case being overturned, one resulting in a reduced sentence, one appeal being unsuccessful and the fourth still to be decided.

The NPCC has employed an independent expert to analyse the retest results, with more than 1000 cases already being closely examined to ensure the quality and accuracy of the retesting work.

National Police Chiefs’ Council Lead for Forensics, Chief Constable James Vaughan, said: “The integrity of forensic science is a fundamental part of our criminal justice system and we are working tirelessly to minimise the impact of this serious breach of standards.

“Managing the process for retesting over 10,500 potentially affected cases has been a major national police operation. We will continue this process until we can assure the public that we have retested samples in every case where it is necessary and possible.
“We’ve retested nearly 90 per cent of the highest priority cases. Of the cases retested three per cent have resulted in different outcome and a further four cases referred to the court of appeal - these are all road traffic cases.

“Unfortunately, the retesting process has been slower than we had either hoped or anticipated, as a result of the limited specialist and independent capacity within the forensic marketplace.

“Alongside the APCC and the Home Office, the NPCC are leading the work to bring other independent forensic testing suppliers into the supply chain to speed up the process.

“We have requested that local forces and coroners review the relevancy of toxicology to each affected case, so we can concentrate our efforts where they are most needed.

“This has succeeded in reducing the number of high priority cases, and has also led to around 2300 cases (approx. 22 per cent) being struck from the retesting process as they have been deemed unlikely to result in a change to the criminal justice outcome.

“I expect this re-evaluation process to reduce the timescales for completing the retesting programme, but our conservative estimates are that all relevant road traffic cases will be complete by mid-2019, and all other cases where toxicology was pivotal will be done by December 2019.”

**Statement issued on 8 December 2017**

**North Yorkshire Police confirms number of local cases affected by the national Randox Testing Services investigation**

On 21 November 2017, the National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC) gave a briefing regarding the implications of the investigation into two employees from Randox Testing Services.

Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “As the NPCC has said, the Forensic Science Regulator has decided that toxicology (drug) test results handled by Randox Testing Services from late 2013 onwards cannot be classed as reliable. North Yorkshire Police is one of 42 police forces across the country to be affected.

“A total of **493** local cases, mostly drug-driving motoring offences, will be retested over time in line with the national prioritization programme.

“To date, **97** samples in North Yorkshire have already been submitted for re-testing, including all those identified as priority cases.”

The North Yorkshire figures can be further broken down as follows:

 * Number of cases with insufficient sample left: **6**
 * Number of results received _(excluding the 6 insufficient above)_ : **59**
 * Number of cases returned with the same outcome _(i.e. still positive although the actual figures may differ from the original result)_ : **19**
 * Number of cases returned with varying outcomes _(i.e. level of cannabis in the sample now under the legal limit but other drugs still over)_ : **3**
 * Number of cases returned with full negative result: **27**
 * Number of cases discontinued: **6**
 * Number of live cases: **4 - re-tests have been received for them all**

ACC Cain added: “This is a serious and widespread issue that is being addressed at a national level, and we are doing absolutely everything we can locally to support that national effort.”

Anyone who has concerns about this issue or requires further information, please go to the Ministry of Justice website www.gov.uk/guidance/forensic-toxicology-tests.

Updated figures will be published on the North Yorkshire Police website as the national programme of re-testing progresses.

Posted on 8 December 2017 at 03:26pm in News stories
