```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-30T09:38:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating a serious sexual assault in Quarry Moor Nature Reserve, Ripon, would like to thank members of the public for coming forward with information.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further Media Appeal - Serious Sexual Assault in Ripon - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/further-media-appeal-serious-sexual-assault-in-ripon/
title: Further Media Appeal - Serious Sexual Assault in Ripon
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/further-media-appeal-serious-sexual-assault-in-ripon/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police investigating a serious sexual assault in Quarry Moor Nature Reserve, Ripon, would like to thank members of the public for coming forward with information.

DI Allan Harder who is leading the investigation said:

"We have had a great response following our initial appeal, with many people coming forward with information to assist our investigation.

"We are continuing to follow a number of lines of enquiry and I would like to urge those who have not yet come forward to please do so.

"Anyone who was in the area of the Quarry Moor Nature Reserve in Ripon between the hours of 9am and 1pm last Tuesday, 24 March, might have information that is key to our investigation into this traumatic crime. Please get in touch and pass on any information you might have, even if you think it is insignificant."

Police will be engaging with members of the public tomorrow morning (Tuesday 31 March) at the Quarry Moor Nature Reserve. Officers will be in the area between the hours of 9am and 1pm speaking to as many people as possible to gather information and to help jog people's memories should they have been in area exactly a week prior.

The victim, a woman in her thirties, continues to be supported by specially trained officers.

Anyone who was at Quarry Moor Nature Reserve last Tuesday morning, or anyone who has any information, is asked to Contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101 and ask to speak to Harrogate CID.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150050009 when passing on any information.

Monday 30 March 2015

Posted on 30 March 2015 at 09:38am in News stories
