```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-17T08:59:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Gillian Anne Lischke, of Slingsby Crescent, Harrogate, had the order imposed on her by Harrogate Magistrates\u2019 Court on Tuesday 15 November 2016, following a string of incidents in the town. PC John Trueman, of Harrogate Police, said: \u201CGillian Lischke has caused a public nuisance in Harrogate, and her behaviour has had a significant impact on [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Harrogate woman receives three-year Criminal Behaviour Order - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-woman-receives-three-year-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: Harrogate woman receives three-year Criminal Behaviour Order
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-woman-receives-three-year-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

A 58-year-old woman has been handed a three-year Criminal Behaviour Order after her anti-social behaviour caused a significant impact on residents in Harrogate.

View image

Gillian Anne Lischke, of Slingsby Crescent, Harrogate, had the order imposed on her by Harrogate Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 15 November 2016, following a string of incidents in the town.

PC John Trueman, of Harrogate Police, said: “Gillian Lischke has caused a public nuisance in Harrogate, and her behaviour has had a significant impact on the quality of life in the community where she lives, at the hospital and in the town centre. Attempts to control her behaviour and offer her support in the past have failed, and securing this Criminal Behaviour Order means that we can prevent further issues. Any breach of this order will be treated extremely seriously.”

Julia Stack, Community Safety & CCTV Manager for Harrogate Borough Council, said: “Gillian’s Lischke’s repeat behaviour has had a detrimental impact on individuals and our community. The issuing of the Criminal Behaviour Order is a powerful sanction and one that was considered carefully. This order was prepared with support from the Council and demonstrates that a joint approach is effective to support victims within our communities.”

For the next three years, Lischke must not:

 * Be drunk or consume alcohol in any public place in Harrogate
 * Possess an open bottle, tin or other type of container of alcohol in any public place in Harrogate
 * Act, or incite others to act, in an anti-social manner in Harrogate

Breaching any of these is a criminal offence, for which she could be sent to prison. Posters and leaflets will be distributed around Harrogate to ensure members of the public are aware of the prohibitions.

The order was imposed after Lischke was sentenced for religiously aggravated public order offences at Harrogate Magistrates’ Court on 15 November 2016.

Posted on 17 November 2016 at 08:59am in News stories
