```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T12:59:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-22T12:59:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a 22-year-old man was seriously injured in a collision near Knaresborough involving two motorhomes and a car.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following serious collision near Knaresborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-collision-near-knaresborough/
title: Appeal following serious collision near Knaresborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-collision-near-knaresborough/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 12:59pm

Police are appealing for information after a 22-year-old man was seriously injured in a collision near Knaresborough involving two motorhomes and a car.

It happened at around 12.30pm on Monday 21 March 2016 on Ripley Road (B6165) between Ripley and Knaresborough at the junction with Havikil Lane near Scotton. It involved two white motorhomes and a blue Daewoo Matiz car.

The occupants of the Daewoo - a 22-year-old man from Ripon and an 18-year-old woman from Knaresborough - were cut free from the wreckage by North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service. The man was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary where he remains in a serious but stable condition. The woman was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by road ambulance but was released after treatment.

The occupants of the two motorhomes were uninjured.

The Daewoo and one of the motorhomes, which was towing a silver Ford Ka, collided while they were on Ripley Road, which led the Daewoo to collide with a second motorhome waiting at the junction.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or saw any of the vehicles prior to the crash is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts or email _rob.roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_

Please quote reference number 12160048766 when passing on information.

The road was closed for around four hours to allow emergency services to attend to the casualties and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene.

22 March 2016

Posted on 22 March 2016 at 12:59pm in News stories
