```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-23T16:16:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-23T15:55:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: With Scarborough gearing up for a busy summer ahead, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area. Improving the quality of life for our residents and businesses Our Safer Neighbourhood Team, now known as the Community Impact Team, has been busy working hard to identify the issues which have the most [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Scarborough.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Graeme Kynman: quarterly update on local policing in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-graeme-kynman-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-scarborough/
title: 'Inspector Graeme Kynman: quarterly update on local policing in Scarborough'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-graeme-kynman-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 23 April 2019 at 05:16pm

Graeme is the Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for Scarborough. He has 28 years of policing experience, having worked in Humberside Police for the early part of his career before transferring to North Yorkshire Police in 1996.

****

With Scarborough gearing up for a busy summer ahead, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area.

**Improving the quality of life for our residents and businesses**

Our Safer Neighbourhood Team, now known as the Community Impact Team, has been busy working hard to identify the issues which have the most negative impact on the quality of life for our residents and businesses in the Scarborough area. These issues are discussed at a weekly multi-agency tasking meeting and action plans are drawn up with the lead agency identified to address them.

Alongside the tasking meetings and day to day work of the team, we’ve also been delivering Operation Ambience. This involves the high visibility presence of each agency on the streets to engage with communities and identify vulnerabilities, anti-social behaviour and crime that may be going unreported to us.

The team has also identified known addresses and locations where crime and ASB has been taking place and we’ve used the appropriate agency powers to enforce and disrupt the behaviour. Information gained through these operations has resulted in arrests, injunctions and Criminal Behaviour Orders as well as ensuring victims are referred for the appropriate support.

**Reducing levels of vulnerability**

A person is vulnerable if, as a result of their situation or circumstances, they are unable to take care or protect themselves, or others, from harm or exploitation. On a daily basis our Community Impact Team assess levels of vulnerability and works with our partners to ensure that relevant interventions are put in place to minimise this vulnerability, whether this be through domestic abuse, homelessness, elderly who are at risk, safeguarding children or vulnerable adults, Child Sexual Exploitation or any other reason.

The team are also working around issues caused by NPS (New Psychoactive Substances) and are working in local educational establishments and community groups to highlight the issues raised and reduce the risk they pose. We’ve also been awareness raising and providing training to businesses including holiday parks, hotels and taxi drivers on what to look for in relation to vulnerability and indicators that a crime may be taking place .

**Drug dealing**

So-called ‘county lines’ drug dealing is an issue which continues to have a negative impact on individuals and communities in Scarborough and we have been actively targeting the people at the source of this problem. In addition, we continue to work closely with substance misuse workers, mental health teams and local housing providers to tackle drug dealing in the town.

**Rough sleepers / homelessness**

The Community Impact Team will be joined by a new person in post who will be employed by Scarborough Borough Council and work with those that are rough sleeping. The team also hold, and will continue to hold, regular tasking meetings to discuss those who are homeless or at risk of homelessness to ensure any support that is available can be offered.

**ASB and Street Drinking**

A Public Space Protection Order (PSPO), which can be enforced by both the police and Scarborough Borough Council staff, is in place to deal with those individuals that are causing anti-social behaviour, taking psychoactive substances, or consuming alcohol. These orders sit amongst a broad range of powers and tools to help tackle anti-social behaviour locally and are aimed at ensuring our public spaces can be enjoyed free from anti-social behaviour.

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website at northyorksire.police.uk

**Get in touch**

If you need to speak to a member of the team our opening hours at our police station is:

 * Scarborough Police Station | Northway, Scarborough YO12 7AD | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13259 | Opening hours: Mon-Sun — 8am - 8pm

Always dial 999 if you are in danger or in an emergency.

Posted on 23 April 2019 at 04:55pm in News stories
