```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:36:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-25T11:57:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in the Heworth area of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following burglary in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-burglary-york/
title: Appeal for information following burglary in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-burglary-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:36am

We are appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in the Heworth area of York.

It happened at 1.30pm on 21 September 2017, when a man knocked at the door of an address on Dodsworth Avenue York, claiming to be subcontracting on behalf of City of York Council doing guttering work.

The elderly resident was on her own in the house at the time and was aware that her guttering does need doing, so she allowed the workmen to do the work. While one of the suspects appears to be working, the other has gone upstairs and made a search of cupboards and drawers and taken a number of items.

One of the men is white, aged 19/20 years-old, 5ft 7″ tall, of very slim build with short mousey coloured hair. He is described as having a small pale face which has small features, and he was wearing beige coloured clothing.

The other man is described as 22 years-old, 5ft 10″ of medium build with a roundish face and pale skin. He was wearing a bright red safety hat and steel toe cap boots which were new.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the men.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC1575 Scott in the Investigation Hub. You can also email sarah.scott@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170169638

Contact details:
 Sarah Scott \- #1575
sarah.scott@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31575
Incident reference:
 12170169638
Posted on 25 September 2017 at 12:57pm in Local appeals
