```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-21T08:16:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent incident which occurred on 8 August 2017 in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following violent incident on Keighley Road, Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-keighley-road-skipton/
title: Appeal following violent incident on Keighley Road, Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-keighley-road-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent incident which occurred on 8 August 2017 in Skipton.

The incident happened at around 4.55pm, just after the traffic lights outside Skipton Hospital. A man approached a vehicle on Keighly Road travelling out of Skipton which had stopped in traffic and begun shouting and swearing at the driver. He has then started punching the driver of the vehicle in the face through the open window.

The suspect is believed to have delivered around 15 punches to the driver's head and then immediately ran off towards Tesco. He is described as being a white man, aged in his mid to late teens, of slim build with short,light coloured hair.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the attack itself and anyone who was in the area immediately before or after the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Michael Haydock. You can also email Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-17082017-0494

Contact details:
 Michael Haydock \- #0155
Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30155
Incident reference:
 12170146251
Posted on 21 August 2017 at 09:16am in Local appeals
