```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:49:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-07T13:49:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a woman has died following a road traffic collision near Hornby, Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after woman dies in collision near Hornby, Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-dies-collision-near-hornby-northallerton/
title: Appeal after woman dies in collision near Hornby, Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-dies-collision-near-hornby-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a woman has died following a road traffic collision near Hornby, Northallerton.

It happened at around 3.54am in the early hours of Sunday 7 June 2015, on the B1264 which leads from Toll Bar Garage at Entercommon, to Low Worsall.

The collision occurred at the junction with an unclassified road that leads to Girsby and Over Dinsdale when a silver Ford Ka, travelling towards Low Worsall, left the road and collided with a telegraph pole.

The car had two occupants - a man and a woman.

The woman, who is aged 30 and from the Ormesby area of Middlesbrough, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The man, aged 39, sustained serious injuries and was taken to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where he remains in a serious condition.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or saw a silver Ford Ka travelling along the B1264 prior to the crash, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team at Thirsk or emailMCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150094589 when passing on information.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to deal with the collision and to allow investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 9 am.

7 June 2015

Posted on 7 June 2015 at 01:49pm in News stories
