```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-19T16:53:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Brian Boardman, from Giggleswick, near Settle, appeared at Bradford Crown Court today (Thursday 19 July 2018) having previously entered guilty pleas to four charges. The offences relate to indecent assault and gross indecency against one boy at Yordas Cave near Ingleton between 20 June 1971 and 1 September 1971, and the same two offences against [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Brian-Boardman-dob-14-03-1934-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cave rescue stalwart jailed for three years for non-recent sexual offences - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cave-rescue-stalwart-jailed-for-three-years-for-non-recent-sexual-offences/
title: Cave rescue stalwart jailed for three years for non-recent sexual offences
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cave-rescue-stalwart-jailed-for-three-years-for-non-recent-sexual-offences/
```

Last modified: 19 July 2018 at 05:53pm

An 84-year-old cave rescue expert has been sentenced to three years in prison for non-recent sexual offences against two teenage boys.

Brian Boardman, from Giggleswick, near Settle, appeared at Bradford Crown Court today (Thursday 19 July 2018) having previously entered guilty pleas to four charges.

The offences relate to indecent assault and gross indecency against one boy at Yordas Cave near Ingleton between 20 June 1971 and 1 September 1971, and the same two offences against another boy at Giggleswick Scar and various other local locations between 26 November 1958 and 25 November 1960.

Boardman carried out the sexual assaults during his time with the Burnley Caving Club between 1958 and 1960 and the Cave Rescue Organisation in 1971.

DC Kirsty Graham, of North Yorkshire Police’s Non Recent Abuse Investigation Team, led the investigation.

She said: “Brian Boardman used his knowledge of caving to offer the young boys to go on trips during which he abused them.

“The earlier victim came forward in 2008 but, sadly, there was not enough evidence to prosecute at that time.

“Then subsequently, in 2017, a completely separate complaint was received from a different victim, a different time period and location at Yordas Cave, but the details of the abuse were startlingly similar.

“The original victim was re-contacted and both cases were taken to the Crown Prosecution Service and we were finally able to bring charges against the offender.”

DC Graham added: “The victims of Boardman’s offences have waited decades to receive justice. Both admit that the abuse they suffered as children has damaged them in later life.

“I thank them for their bravery in coming forward and I hope they will now finally be able to begin putting this terrible experience behind them.”

Posted on 19 July 2018 at 05:53pm in News stories
