```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-05-31T11:19:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Notice is given that any persons interested have a right to inspect the accounts of the Chief Constable for the year ended 31 March 2019. This right can be found in the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 (\u2018the Act\u2019). The Act provides local government electors with the right to inspect and make copies of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Notice of the publics\u2019 rights in relation to the statement of accounts of the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2019 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/notice-of-the-publics-rights-in-relation-to-the-statement-of-accounts-of-the-chief-constable-of-north-yorkshire-for-the-financial-year-ended-31-march-2019/
title: "Notice of the publics\u2019 rights in relation to the statement of accounts of the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2019"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/notice-of-the-publics-rights-in-relation-to-the-statement-of-accounts-of-the-chief-constable-of-north-yorkshire-for-the-financial-year-ended-31-march-2019/
```

Last modified: 31 May 2019 at 12:19pm

Notice of the publics’ rights in relation to the statement of accounts of the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2019

Notice is given that any persons interested have a right to inspect the accounts of the Chief Constable for the year ended 31 March 2019. This right can be found in the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 (‘the Act’).

The Act provides local government electors with the right to inspect and make copies of the statement of accounts for the financial year ended 31 March 2019.

The Act also provides any persons interested, or any journalist, with the right to inspect the accounting records and all related documents for that financial year.

These rights may be exercised from 3rd June 2019 to 12th July 2019 between 9.30am and 4.30pm at Police Headquarters, Alverton Court, Crosby Road, Northallerton DL6 1AA.

If you wish to inspect the accounts, please inform Jane Palmer, Chief Constable’s Chief Finance Officer (collar number 4364), of your intention to exercise your rights.

Jane Palmer can be contacted or by email to officeofthechiefconstable@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or via 101 (dial 101, press option 2 and use the full name or collar number. If using the collar number, please state each digit individually).

Under the Act, a local government elector may also question the auditor about the accounting records for the same financial year and, may make an objection to the auditor if it concerns:

− a matter in respect of which the auditor could make a public interest report (under section 24 of the Act); or
− an item of account in respect of which the auditor could apply for a declaration that the item is unlawful under section 28 of the Act.

These rights may be exercised from 3rd June 2019 to 12th July 2019 between 9.00am and 4.00pm.

Any requests to question the auditor and any objections must be made in writing to the auditor to the following address:

Gavin Barker
Mazars LLP
Salvus House
Aykley Heads
Durham DH1 5TS

A copy of any objection must also be sent to the Jane Palmer, Chief Constable’s Chief Finance Officer at North Yorkshire Police Headquarters, Alverton Court, Crosby Road, Northallerton DL6 1AA or by email to officeofthechiefconstable@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 31 May 2019 at 12:19pm in News stories
