```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-28T11:23:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between midnight and 5am yesterday, Thursday 27 June 2019, a silver 17-seater Mercedes minibus was stolen from the Heworth area of the city, and North Yorkshire Police launched an investigation. This morning, a vigilant member of the public spotted the vehicle parked in the east Leeds area, with false number plates and some damage to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Stolen-minibus-recovered.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Stolen minibus recovered after York theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-minibus-recovered-after-york-theft/
title: Stolen minibus recovered after York theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-minibus-recovered-after-york-theft/
```

Last modified: 28 June 2019 at 12:23pm

A stolen minibus has been recovered a day after it was taken - and will be returned to its rightful owner in York.

Between midnight and 5am yesterday, Thursday 27 June 2019, a silver 17-seater Mercedes minibus was stolen from the Heworth area of the city, and North Yorkshire Police launched an investigation.

This morning, a vigilant member of the public spotted the vehicle parked in the east Leeds area, with false number plates and some damage to the interior. It was recovered by West Yorkshire Police officers and will be reunited with its rightful owner.

Enquiries into the theft are ongoing. Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference number 12190115489.

In this case, the vehicle had been left locked and secure. However, police are urging vehicle owners to be vigilant and follow crime prevention advice.

The best way to protect your belongings is to lock your vehicle whenever you leave it. Other things you can do include:

 * Removing everything from the car - don't even leave a jacket where it can be seen
 * Closing the sunroof along with the windows when you leave
 * Not storing things in the boot - take them with you
 * Storing vehicle ownership information in your home, not your vehicle
 * Having a routine to ensure you always take the keys out of the ignition
 * Taking removable stereos and sat nav equipment with you
 * In addition, using secure (theft resistant) number plates can make your plates less attractive to thieves.

Posted on 28 June 2019 at 12:23pm in News stories
