```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:21:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-01T14:20:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is investigating a distraction burglary in the Selby area involving a bogus detective.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Camblesforth distraction burglary: Hunt for bogus undercover police officer - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/camblesforth-distraction-burglary-hunt-bogus-undercover-police-officer/
title: 'Camblesforth distraction burglary: Hunt for bogus undercover police officer'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/camblesforth-distraction-burglary-hunt-bogus-undercover-police-officer/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:21pm

North Yorkshire Police is investigating a distraction burglary in the Selby area involving a bogus detective.

The incident occurred at a house on Grange Road, Camblesforth, at around 3.45pm on Monday 29 February 2016.

The suspect arrived in a small white van and duped his way into the house after claiming he was a plain-clothes, undercover detective investigating rogue builders who had been operating in the area.

He left the house with cash and drove off in the van in the direction of Brigg Lane.

Officers are supporting the victims, who are a couple aged in their 70s, while extensive enquiries continue to track-down the suspect and investigate the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Police are appealing for witnesses and any information that could assist the investigation, particularly any sightings of the suspect or the small white van that he was travelling in.

The suspect is described as white, aged between 30 and 35, about 5ft 6in tall with a stocky build. He has medium-length black hair which is combed in a wavy style. He was wearing smart black trouser, a white shirt unbuttoned at the collar, and grey trainers with orange flashes on them.

Sergeant Mike Brocken, from the York Investigation Hub, said: "This is a very worrying incident and we are doing all we can to support the victims while we hunt for the suspect.

"Distraction burglary is a sickening crime and leaves the victims feeling deeply disturbed and frightened. This is especially so when the suspect claims to be a trusted figure of authority, such as a police officer in this case, or a council representative or utility company worker as we have seen with previously incidents across the county.

"Our key safety message to residents is always ask for official identification of any unexpected callers to your home, no matter who they claim to represent. If you are any doubt, do not let them in. Any reputable organisation or company will completely understand.

"If your suspicions are raised, please do not hesitate to report it to the police via the non-emergency number 101. If you feel threatened or a crime is in progress, always dial 999 for an emergency response."

If you can help the investigation, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for York Investigation Hub. Or email _investigationhubyork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_, quoting reference number 12160036259.

If you would prefer to remain anonymous, please pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 and quote reference number 12160036259.

**1 March 2016 - 2pm**

Posted on 1 March 2016 at 02:20pm in News stories
