```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-05T16:15:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-05T16:12:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At 2.40pm Sunday 4 March 2018, police received a call from security staff at the shopping park to report a gang of suspected\_shoplifters who had targeted a number of designer stores. The security team had already detained one male, who had been found in possession of suspected stolen property, and were tracking the other members [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police arrest gang of suspected shoplifters from McArthur Glen Designer Outlet near York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-arrest-gang-suspected-shoplifters-mcarthur-glen-designer-outlet-near-york/
title: Police arrest gang of suspected shoplifters from McArthur Glen Designer Outlet near York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-arrest-gang-suspected-shoplifters-mcarthur-glen-designer-outlet-near-york/
```

Last modified: 5 March 2018 at 04:15pm

Police have arrested a gang of four suspected shoplifters who were found in possession of a number of items suspected to have been stolen from shops at the McArthur Glen Designer Outlet near York.

At 2.40pm Sunday 4 March 2018, police received a call from security staff at the shopping park to report a gang of suspected shoplifters who had targeted a number of designer stores.

The security team had already detained one male, who had been found in possession of suspected stolen property, and were tracking the other members of the group.

A man and a woman had been seen to leave the shopping park and get into a silver Mercedes Benz C-class.

Police attended and stopped the suspect vehicle before it left the premises. On conducting a search of the vehicle, officers located a number of items of clothing suspected as stolen and a device suspected to have been used to de-tag items.

The vehicle was seized and a 25-year-old man from Sheffield was arrested on suspicion of theft from a shop and driving without insurance and a 24-year-old woman from Sheffield was arrested on suspicion of going equipped for theft and theft from a shop.

Security staff identified the other member of the group, who was under surveillance and police located and arrested the suspect, who was in possession of a number of suspected stolen items and another suspected de-tagging device. A 24-year-old man from Sheffield was arrested on suspicion of theft from a shop and going equipped to steal.

The member of the group who security staff had already detained, a 22-year-old man also from Sheffield, was also arrested on suspicion of theft from a shop.

All four suspects currently remain in police custody.

Posted on 5 March 2018 at 04:12pm in News stories
