```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:16:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-19T15:27:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has received a suspended jail sentence after admitting handling stolen digger buckets in North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/The-stolen-digger-buckets-at-the-car-boot-sale-2-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Stolen digger buckets returned to their rightful owner after car boot blunder - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-digger-buckets-returned-rightful-owner-car-boot-blunder/
title: Stolen digger buckets returned to their rightful owner after car boot blunder
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stolen-digger-buckets-returned-rightful-owner-car-boot-blunder/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:16am

A man has received a suspended jail sentence after admitting handling stolen digger buckets in North Yorkshire.

Christopher Clymo, 43, from the Hartlepool area, tried to sell the digger buckets at a car boot sale in Stokesley – just a few miles away from where they originally came.

But he was spotted by the rightful owner, who recognised his buckets, and contacted police.

At the beginning of August 2015, a Stokesley-based hire company loaned out a quantity of machinery, including three digger buckets, to a company working on a building site in Coxhoe, County Durham. The buckets were stolen from the site soon after.

On Monday 31 August, the co-owner of the hire company attended a car boot sale in Stokesley. He saw a man wearing a high-visibility jacket selling digger buckets – which he recognised as being the same style as those manufactured by a company based six miles away in Swainby. On closer inspection, he believed that the buckets were his.

Police were alerted and attended the scene. The seller, Clymo, claimed he had bought the buckets legitimately weeks earlier from an auction mart. However, officers’ enquiries revealed that the auction mart had not sold any digger buckets to anyone since February 2015.

On Friday 14 July 2017, Clymo pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods at Northallerton Magistrates Court. He received a 12-week suspended sentence, must carry out 150 hours of unpaid work within the next 12 months, and must pay £145 prosecution costs.

The three buckets, worth a total of more than £780, were recovered and returned to their rightful owner.

PC Alastair Gill, of Stokesley Police, said: “Crimes involving the theft and handling of stolen plant, building and agricultural equipment have a big impact on North Yorkshire’s rural communities, and will not be tolerated.”

Officers regularly patrol car boot sales both in uniform and in plain clothes on the lookout for suspected stolen goods.

Posted on 19 July 2017 at 04:27pm in News stories
