```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-30T12:52:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-23T15:25:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses, information and dash-cam footage after a robbery in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/still-suspect-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after Scarborough knife robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-scarborough-knife-robbery/
title: Appeal for information after Scarborough knife robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-scarborough-knife-robbery/
```

Last modified: 30 March 2017 at 12:52pm

Police are appealing for witnesses, information and dash-cam footage after a robbery in Scarborough.

On Friday 17 March 2017, at about 7.50pm, three offenders entered the One Stop Shop on North Leas Avenue, brandished knives and made off with a quantity of cash.

Police have issued CCTV images of three people in connection with a robbery in Scarborough. Officers are urging members of the public to get in touch if the images jog their memories of the incident.

A blue sack barrow with two wheels was also taken to the location by the offenders. Police would like to know if anyone is missing such an item, or has had one stolen which has not been reported.

As part of this investigation, officers are requesting any dash-cam footage from motorists who were in the vicinity of North Leas Avenue around the time of the incident. Anyone who travelled between Cross Lane and Manor Road at the junction of Woodlands Ravine or vice versa between 7.30pm and 8pm on Friday 17 March, and has dash-cam footage, is asked to get in touch.

Three men have been arrested in connection with the investigation, and released on bail as enquiries continue.

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC 409 Darrel Temple or DC 1670 Stephen Monty at the Serious Crime Team in Scarborough, by dialling 101 and selecting option 2. Please quote reference number 12170045358 when passing information.

Posted on 23 March 2017 at 03:25pm in News stories
