```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:30:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-24T10:29:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Skipton in the early hours of Sunday morning close to Kooky nightclub.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of mobile phone in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-mobile-phone-skipton/
title: Theft of mobile phone in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-mobile-phone-skipton/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:30am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in Skipton in the early hours of Sunday morning close to Kooky nightclub.

It happened on Devonshire Place, Skipton at around 0245hrs on Sunday 23rd August 2015 and involved a mobile phone being taken from a female close to The Yorkshire Building Society.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information to assist in identifying the male suspect and for any witnesses to the theft. The female was stood close to the corner of Devonshire Place & Keighley Road using her mobile phone. She had recently left Kooky nightclub. The suspect grabbed the victim's phone from her before running off up the Ginnel which runs behind the nightclub. He may have been in company with a female.

The suspect is described as white, aged 19-20 years, about 5'09" tall with a slim build. He had gingery/blond short hair and was wearing a black waterproof jacket.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Martin CARSON. You can also email Martin.Carson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-23082015-0145

24 August 2015

Posted on 24 August 2015 at 10:29am in News stories
