```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-04T13:46:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-04T13:39:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Commenting on last night\u2019s attack in London, Superintendent Dave Hannan said:"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police comment on tragic events in London last night - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-comment-tragic-events-london-last-night/
title: North Yorkshire Police comment on tragic events in London last night
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-comment-tragic-events-london-last-night/
```

Last modified: 4 June 2017 at 01:46pm

Commenting on last night’s attack in London, Superintendent Dave Hannan said:

“Last night, we saw terrorist attacks take place in our capital city of London. Seven people were killed and almost 50 were injured.

“These incidents come less than a week following the tragic event in Manchester, which killed 22 and injured many, many more.

“The events are truly devastating and no matter where anyone is in the country, we are all feeling the effects of this horror.

“The threat level remains nationally at Severe. There is no intelligence to suggest that there has been any change in the level of threat here in North Yorkshire.

“However, I would like to reassure the public that we will be conducting additional patrols and remain visible to our communities.

“We also continue to ask the public to be vigilant and to report anything that they deem to be suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, by calling 101 or by calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321. Always call 999 in an emergency or for immediate assistance.

““If you get caught up in the rare event of a weapons attack we urge you to follow the _Run, Hide, Tell_ advice.

“On behalf of North Yorkshire Police I would like express my deepest sympathy to everyone affected by last night’s tragic events.

“Also, our thoughts go out to colleagues at the Metropolitan Police and other emergency services who have worked throughout the night and into this morning in extremely challenging circumstances.”

Posted on 4 June 2017 at 01:39pm in News stories
