```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:33:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-13T13:32:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two criminal damage offences that occurred in Cayton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Criminal damage to vehicle in Cayton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/criminal-damage-vehicle-cayton/
title: Criminal damage to vehicle in Cayton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/criminal-damage-vehicle-cayton/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two criminal damage offences that occurred in Cayton.

They both happened at a private parking area for Queens Court behind North Lane in Cayton. The first between 8pm on Thursday 3 September 2015 and 10am on Friday 4 September 2015 and involved a black Vauxhall Corsa having four of its tyres slashed.

The second incident happened between 8pm on Wednesday 9 September 2015 and 10am on Thursday 10 September 2015. The same Vauxhall Corsa, again parked in Queens Court, Cayton, had two of its tyres slashed.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone seen in the area at the time the offences happened.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for 1422 Tom Eaglestone. You can also email thomas.eaglestone@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150159618.

**13 September 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150159618

Posted on 13 September 2015 at 01:32pm in News stories
