```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-18T12:08:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-18T12:06:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In 2013, there were 1,746 cases of modern slavery reported in the UK. Alarmingly, this was an increase of 47% on 2012.* This week (17-21 October 2016) North Yorkshire Police are supporting a National Crime Agency (NCA) nationwide week of action &#8211; Operation Perceptional, which is focusing on modern slavery for the purposes of sexual [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/04/Modern-Slvaery.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Modern Slavery \u2013 See something? Say something - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/modern-slavery-see-something-say-something/
title: "Modern Slavery \u2013 See something? Say something"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/modern-slavery-see-something-say-something/
```

Last modified: 18 October 2016 at 12:08pm

Modern slavery is a growing issue which affects men, woman and children. Victims are viewed as a commodity to be traded or exploited over and over again. This may be for use in criminal purposes, forced labour or servitude or for sexual exploitation.

In 2013, there were 1,746 cases of modern slavery reported in the UK. Alarmingly, this was an increase of 47% on 2012.*

This week (17-21 October 2016) North Yorkshire Police are supporting a National Crime Agency (NCA) nationwide week of action - Operation Perceptional, which is focusing on modern slavery for the purposes of sexual exploitation and timed to coincide with Anti-Slavery Day (Tues 18 Oct 2016). Officers want to highlight the fact that this crime is happening here in North Yorkshire and appeal to members of the public that if they see something, to say something.

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“Modern slavery is not confined to major cities. This issue affects all parts of the UK – it’s in our towns and cities and in our rural communities and we should not assume that North Yorkshire is not touched by this growing offence.

“We know from national figures modern slavery is on the increase, but the nature of the crime means that victims are hidden and controlled so it can be hard to spot or recognise, particularly for victims of sexual exploitation. Sections of our local communities may be in a position to assist us break the cycle of exploitation - for example, those that work in the accommodation letting or hotel industry may inadvertently come into contact with victims of exploitation and we would appeal to them to contact us if they see something suspicious.”

“If you suspect that modern slavery is happening near you, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 – if there is an immediate threat always call 999. You can also report via the Modern Slavery helpline on **0800 0121 700** which is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

**Would you recognise the signs?**

Whilst slavery can be hard to identify, there are some indicative signs you can be aware of:

PHYSICAL APPEARANCE – Victims may show signs of physical or psychological abuse, look malnourished or unkempt, or appear withdrawn

ISOLATION – Victims may rarely be allowed to travel on their own, seem under the control, influence of others, rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work

POOR LIVING CONDITIONS – Victims may be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and/or living and working at the same address

FEW OR NO PERSONAL EFFECTS – Victims may have no identification documents, have few personal possessions and always wear the same clothes day in day out. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work

RESTRICTED FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT – Victims have little opportunity to move freely and may have had their travel documents retained, e.g. passports

UNUSUAL TRAVEL TIMES – They may be dropped off/collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night

RELUCTANT TO SEEK HELP – Victims may avoid eye contact, appear frightened or hesitant to talk to strangers and fear law enforcers for many reasons, such as not knowing who to trust or where to get help, fear of deportation, fear of violence to them or their family.

If you see something, say something and together we can break the cycle of exploitation.

*Modern Slavery UK - https://modernslavery.co.uk/index.html

Posted on 18 October 2016 at 12:06pm in News stories
