```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T19:45:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-09T19:43:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision on a stretch of the A63, also known as the Great North Road, near South Milford Lodge.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following fatal collision near South Milford - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-near-south-milford/
title: Appeal following fatal collision near South Milford
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-near-south-milford/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 07:45pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision on a stretch of the A63, also known as the Great North Road, near South Milford Lodge.

It happened at around 7.45pm on the evening of Thursday 6 August 2015 and involved a small Ford panel van, and a horse and cart. Both were travelling in the same direction along the northbound carriageway.

Sadly a local man, believed to be in his twenties, who was travelling on the horse and cart suffered serious injuries and was pronounced deceased at the scene.

Four other people, including a man and three children who were also travelling on the horse and cart, were all taken to Leeds General Infirmary. The man and two of the children, both boys, remain in Leeds General Infirmary with serious injuries. The fifth casualty, a boy, was discharged from hospital after receiving treatment for a knee injury.

The van driver and sole occupant of the vehicle, a 45-year-old man from Leeds, suffered minor injuries. He was arrested in connection with the collision and remains in police custody.

Police are appealing to anyone who saw either a small silver van or the horse and cart prior to the collision, and to anyone who witnessed the actual collision, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for The Major Collision Investigation Team at Tadcaster or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150136245 when passing on information.

Posted on 9 August 2015 at 07:43pm in News stories
