```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T09:54:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-16T09:53:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident that occurred near to Askham Bryan village, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclist hit by stone thrown from car - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-hit-stone-thrown-car/
title: Cyclist hit by stone thrown from car
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-hit-stone-thrown-car/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 09:54am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident that occurred near to Askham Bryan village, York.

It happened on Askham Bryan Lane between 11.35am and 11.45am on 13 April 2015.

A 30-year-old woman was cycling towards the A1237 from the village when she was passed by what she believed to be a black Peugeot 107 travelling in the opposite direction containing several young males. As the car passed the front passenger threw a stone over the top of the car toward the cyclist, the stone hit her on her leg causing an injury.

Fortunately the cyclist was not injured badly in this incident but this could have easily have resulted in more serious injuries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may be aware of this incident and has any information regarding it.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for York Service Desk.

You can also email sntservdesk@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150060136.

**16 April 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150060136

Posted on 16 April 2015 at 09:53am in News stories
