```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-09-27T12:40:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "PCSO Caroline Jenkins, North Yorkshire Police on organising the event says: \u201CIt\u2019s a really fantastic cause that I wanted to get involved with. I\u2019ve been working with Macmillan, who in turn have been working with York Food &amp; Drink Festival, to organise the event and I\u2019m really looking forward to it. We did it last [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police in North Yorkshire bake for Macmillan coffee morning - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-north-yorkshire-bake-macmillan-coffee-morning/
title: Police in North Yorkshire bake for Macmillan coffee morning
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-north-yorkshire-bake-macmillan-coffee-morning/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2017 at 01:40pm

Police in North Yorkshire are organising a coffee morning in aid of charity. The event will be taking place on Friday 29 September between 10:00 and 14:00 at the York Food & Drink Festival in St Sampson’s Square in York City Centre to raise funds for Macmillan Cancer Support.

PCSO Caroline Jenkins, North Yorkshire Police on organising the event says:

“It’s a really fantastic cause that I wanted to get involved with. I’ve been working with Macmillan, who in turn have been working with York Food & Drink Festival, to organise the event and I’m really looking forward to it. We did it last year and raised £846. We’d love to beat that figure this year.”

Macmillan Cancer Support is a national charity with local impact, providing practical, emotional and financial support tailored to the specific needs of local communities. Here in York there are around 54 Macmillan healthcare professionals supporting local people living with cancer. Every £28 raised could fund a Macmillan nurse for an hour. For more information and support please visit www.macmillan.org.uk

Sarah Child, Fundraising Manager – York and North Yorkshire Coast says:

“We are delighted to, once again, be supported by the North Yorkshire Police at Macmillan’s Coffee Morning. Together we can change lives with every slice.”

There’ll be lots of homemade cakes, biscuits and treats available all made by staff at North Yorkshire Police and the event will be supported by PCSOs.

Posted on 27 September 2017 at 01:40pm in News stories
