```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:15:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-13T10:14:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Volunteers in Selby are invited to join North Yorkshire Police in the fight against rural crime.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Inspector_Jon_Grainge__Rural_Taskforce-300x286.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Volunteers wanted to help tackle rural crime in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteers-wanted-help-tackle-rural-crime-selby/
title: Volunteers wanted to help tackle rural crime in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteers-wanted-help-tackle-rural-crime-selby/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:15am

Volunteers in Selby are invited to join North Yorkshire Police in the fight against rural crime.

The force is looking for people to join the area's Rural Watch team, to support local police and the new Rural Taskforce.

Volunteers drive a Rural Watch police vehicle on pre-determined patrol routes and report suspicious activity to the Force Control Room.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: "Members of the public have always acted as the 'eyes and ears' of the police, and this is particularly true in rural areas.

"Our Rural Watch volunteers do an excellent job supporting the police - patrolling rural areas in a dedicated vehicle, providing public reassurance and reporting suspicious incidents to the police control room.

"The Taskforce is committed to working with volunteers to help us engage with our rural communities and target cross-border criminals who offend in rural areas, so I'd urge anyone interested in this valuable role in Selby to visit our website to find out more and apply online."

The closing date for applications is 9am on Monday 24 April. For more information, and an online application form, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/volunteers

The creation of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce was announced earlier this year. The team - the largest of its kind in the country - works alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, targets criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provides bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality.

**13 April 2016**

Posted on 13 April 2016 at 10:14am in News stories
