```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:47:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-09T15:40:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "About 12.15am on Saturday 7 April,\_ glass was broken on the door to a shop on Pateley Bridge High Street, near the telephone box by Southlands car park. It is thought the glass was broken as part of an attempted break-in, however thieve/s were unable to open the door. A man, who police would like [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following burglaries in Pateley Bridge - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-burglaries-pateley-bridge/
title: Appeal for information following burglaries in Pateley Bridge
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-burglaries-pateley-bridge/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:47am

Over the weekend of Friday 6 April to Sunday 8 April 2018, three premises in Pateley Bridge have been attacked by burglars. Over the same time period public toilets and some decorative street lighting have also been vandalised.

About 12.15am on Saturday 7 April, glass was broken on the door to a shop on Pateley Bridge High Street, near the telephone box by Southlands car park.

It is thought the glass was broken as part of an attempted break-in, however thieve/s were unable to open the door.

A man, who police would like to speak to, was seen nearby. He is described as about 5ft 7in to 5ft 9in in height and was wearing a light grey top, possibly with a pattern on it.

The following day on Sunday 8 April 2018, three other burglaries were discovered.

A business premises on Low Wath Road, near Nidderdale High School had been broken into after close of business on Friday and petty cash had been stolen.

The same day damaged was discovered at the public toilets in the recreation ground on Bridgehouse Gate and lighting on the river bridge nearby had also been pulled down.

On Monday 9 April 2018 staff from another shop on the High Street, a few doors up from the junction with Southlands, reported that someone had entered the property since closing the previous week and stolen petty cash.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have information which would assist the investigations regarding incidents, particularly details of any suspicious behavior witnessed on the High Street around 12.15am on Saturday 7 April 2018. Contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Bill Hickson. You can also email bill.hickson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180058826.

Date 9 April 2018

Contact details:
 Bill Hickson \- #0820
bill.hickson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30820
Incident reference:
 12180058826
Posted on 9 April 2018 at 04:40pm in Local appeals
