```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:16:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-15T13:16:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness Appeal - Serious Assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-serious-assault/
title: Witness Appeal - Serious Assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-serious-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:16pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in Northallerton.

It happened on High Street at around 10.30pm on Friday 15th May 2015 near to the Hunt and Wrigley solicitors.

During the incident, a 31 year old man form Northallerton was punched and knocked to the ground where he became unconscious. He was taken to James Cook Hospital by Ambulance where he remains in a serious condition.

A 49 year old man was arrested shortly after the incident. He was charged with causing Grievous Bodily Harm and has been released on conditional bail.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information that could assist the investigation should contact police. Dial 101, select option 2, and ask for Donna Anderson. You can also email Donna.Anderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150080561 when passing on information about this incident.

Monday 18 May 2015.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150080561

Posted on 15 May 2015 at 01:16pm in News stories
