```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-09T10:14:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-09T09:56:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened between 12.15am and 12.25am on Tuesday 9 March when four suspects trespassed onto the school grounds. They broke into the textiles room by forcing a fire door and causing considerable damage within the room by throwing paint all over it. The suspects are believed to have accessed and left the school grounds from [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following break in at Selby High School - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-break-in-at-selby-high-school/
title: Appeal following break in at Selby High School
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-break-in-at-selby-high-school/
```

Last modified: 9 March 2021 at 10:14am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary at Selby High School on Leeds Road, Selby.

It happened between 12.15am and 12.25am on Tuesday 9 March when four suspects trespassed onto the school grounds.

They broke into the textiles room by forcing a fire door and causing considerable damage within the room by throwing paint all over it.

The suspects are believed to have accessed and left the school grounds from Fairfax Avenue. A bike was located on Fairfex Avenue which the police now have in their possession.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing to local residents, did you see or hear anything around the time of the burglary? Did you see anyone leaving the scene? Do you have any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell camera footage that may have captured something?

We are also appealing to parents/guardians and family members, did your child go out during the night? Did they have paint on their clothing when they returned?

This matter is being treated seriously, after months of most children being forced to stay away from school, what should be treated as a happy return has now been ruined for some children thanks to the selfish and inexplicable actions of those involved.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Knowles. You can also email nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12210074032.

Contact details:
 Nicola Knowles \- #0399
nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30399
Incident reference:
 12210074032
Posted on 9 March 2021 at 09:56am in Local appeals
