```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-09-17T13:23:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police was at the Freshers&#8217; Fair at the Scarborough campus of Coventry University on Thursday 13 September, to recruit Student Crime Prevention Champions. The community-spirited volunteers will take part in crime prevention initiatives and campaigns alongside the police \u2013 giving them an insight into local policing issues, and contributing to a safer environment [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Student-crime-prevention-champions.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Students sign up to work alongside police in new uni safety scheme - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/students-sign-up-to-work-alongside-police-in-new-uni-safety-scheme/
title: Students sign up to work alongside police in new uni safety scheme
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/students-sign-up-to-work-alongside-police-in-new-uni-safety-scheme/
```

Last modified: 17 September 2018 at 02:23pm

Freshers will work along their local police to help keep students safe at university, as part of a pioneering new volunteering scheme.

North Yorkshire Police was at the Freshers' Fair at the Scarborough campus of Coventry University on Thursday 13 September, to recruit Student Crime Prevention Champions.

The community-spirited volunteers will take part in crime prevention initiatives and campaigns alongside the police – giving them an insight into local policing issues, and contributing to a safer environment for students in North Yorkshire.

The first project the students will tackle will be to raise awareness around the dangers associated with ‘money mules’ – where a ‘mule’ allows their bank account to be used by others to transfer money in and out, and in return, keep some of the money for themselves.

Criminals who run such scams will often use fake job adverts, or create social media posts about opportunities to make money quickly, in order to lure potential ‘mules’. Even if the ‘mule’ is unaware that the money they are transferring was illegally obtained, they can still be prosecuted.

The student crime prevention champions will be sharing key messages including:

• No legitimate company will ever ask you to use your own bank account to transfer their money. Don’t accept any job offers that ask you to do this.
• Be especially wary of job offers from people or companies overseas as it will be harder for you to find out if they really are legitimate.
• Never give your financial details to someone you don’t know and trust.

Fourteen students have already signed up to the scheme. If it proves successful, the student volunteers could get involved in other crime prevention campaigns, such as online safety and hate crime awareness – and the scheme could be expanded to other universities in North Yorkshire.

Natasha Almond, Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager at North Yorkshire Police, said: “North Yorkshire is a very safe place in which to live and study, but students can become victims of crime like anyone else – so as the new academic year gets underway, this is a great opportunity to help students stay safe.

“Living away from home for the first time can be quite a culture shock, so it’s really important that students have access to crime prevention advice. This new initiative means they can get this vital information from their peers, as well as from the police, while at the same time giving our student volunteers a valuable insight into police issues.”

The voluntary role is designed to provide students with the opportunity to support particular policing issues as and when they can, rather than commit to a long-term role. The students will initially receive training from cybercrime and fraud police specialists.

Posted on 17 September 2018 at 02:23pm in News stories
