```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-02-27T17:08:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 10.45pm on Sunday 24th February 2019, a 21-year-old woman was walking along the footpath behind the Westwood Campus of Yorkshire Coast College when she was attacked by an unknown man. As she followed the footpath down towards the duck pond on Valley Road, she was approached by the man who then pushed her [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses after attempted robbery in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-attempted-robbery-in-scarborough/
title: Appeal for witnesses after attempted robbery in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-attempted-robbery-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 27 February 2019 at 05:08pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses in relation to an attempted robbery in Scarborough.

At around 10.45pm on Sunday 24th February 2019, a 21-year-old woman was walking along the footpath behind the Westwood Campus of Yorkshire Coast College when she was attacked by an unknown man.

As she followed the footpath down towards the duck pond on Valley Road, she was approached by the man who then pushed her to the ground and began to go through her pockets.

The man was disturbed before he could take anything and ran off up the hill in the direction of Westwood Road.

Fortunately, the victim did not sustain any lasting injuries.

A limited description of the suspect has been obtained. He is described as being of slim build, approximately 5ft 9in tall, and spoke with a "foreign" accent. At the time of the incident he was wearing a black top with the hood pulled over his head and black tracksuit bottoms with white stripes running down the legs.

Investigating officer, PC Liam Cromack of Scarborough Police, said: "Though CCTV and other enquiries are currently ongoing, we still wish to hear from anybody who was in the area of the duck pond or Westwood Road around the time of the incident, especially if you remember seeing anybody matching the suspect's description in suspicious circumstances."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190034226.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, option 2, "456" | 07741802571
Incident reference:
 12190034226
Posted on 27 February 2019 at 05:08pm in Local appeals
