```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-03-15T13:40:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Reports to Police to date indicate these letters have been received in the West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and Metropolitan Police force areas. Counter Terrorism Policing North East are coordinating the investigation at this time and a national strategy is in place. The letters intend to cause fear and offence. To date, none of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Malicious Communications Inquiry - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/malicious-communications-inquiry/
title: Malicious Communications Inquiry
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/malicious-communications-inquiry/
```

Last modified: 15 March 2018 at 01:40pm

Over the past few days a number of incidents of malicious communications have been reported across the UK which are, at this time, being treated as part of a series. These have been in the form of letters sent to residential and business addresses.

Reports to Police to date indicate these letters have been received in the West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and Metropolitan Police force areas.

Counter Terrorism Policing North East are coordinating the investigation at this time and a national strategy is in place.

The letters intend to cause fear and offence. To date, none of those reported to police have been sent to named individuals.

We understand that to receive one can be extremely upsetting and we are working hard to identify who is responsible. Our priority as the Police is always public safety and a dedicated team is working hard to identify the suspect(s) involved. As part of this investigation we are keen not to encourage others to commit similar offending fuelled by publicity in the media and on social media, and want to draw your attention to this to ensure the investigation is not compromised. In addition to this request the media have been asked for discretion in reporting this matter and not to share an image of the letter or the exact wording within it.

If a letter is received:

If you do receive a letter, parcel or other post to your premises that is threatening or abusive then please follow the below guidelines:

 * Keep the number of people who handle the letter and the envelope to a minimum – this is to allow Police the best chance to identify the sender through the use of forensic techniques and minimise the risk of harm.
 * Place the letter and the envelope in a clean plastic bag or similar (a sandwich bag or freezer bag for example) as this will stop further contamination.
 * Call the local Police and inform them, they will assess what you have received and know the procedure to follow, whether the letter is part of this series or not.

Posted on 15 March 2018 at 01:40pm in News stories
