```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:58:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-25T10:57:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Liverpool man has been sentenced to 200 hours of community service after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of the drugs that led to the death of 20-year-old Liam Miller from Terrington near Malton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Liverpool man given 200 hours community work for drug supply linked to death of Liam Miller - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/liverpool-man-given-200-hours-community-work-drug-supply-linked-death-liam-miller/
title: Liverpool man given 200 hours community work for drug supply linked to death of Liam Miller
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/liverpool-man-given-200-hours-community-work-drug-supply-linked-death-liam-miller/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:58am

A Liverpool man has been sentenced to 200 hours of community service after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of the drugs that led to the death of 20-year-old Liam Miller from Terrington near Malton.

Keiron Thomas Turley, 20, of Malden Road, Liverpool, was sentenced at York Crown Court on Monday 25 April 2016. The charge against Turley relates to the supply of 25i-NBOMe to Liam in June 2015.

Liam died at a house on Hamilton Drive West in Acomb, York, on 27 July 2015, after being attacked by his 20-year-old friend, Sam Donley. Donley is currently serving a six years and eight months prison sentence for his manslaughter.

Liam Miller and Samuel Donley were good friends, and on the night of Monday 27 July 2015, while Donley's parents where away, they decided to experiment after both expressing an interest in using hallucinogenic drugs.

They both took the drug 25i-NBOMe early in the evening and began to record their feelings and experiences as the effects of the drug took hold.

Later that night, in a horrific and violent attack, Donley killed Liam while under the influence of the drug. No motive for the attack was established and the conclusion was that Donley killed Liam during a psychotic episode brought on by the drug.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson who led the investigation into Liam's death, said: "No sentence can undo the devastating events of that night. But this case must surely serve as the starkest of all reminders of the deadly consequences of taking illegal drugs. Liam Miller's promising life has been cut short and Sam Donley is now in prison, living with the fact that he has killed his best friend.

"People must take heed of this warning and be aware of the potential dangers of this drug. As with all drugs, people may not be aware of what they are taking and the effects it may have. This case must surely be a wake-up call to everyone who experiments with illegal drugs. It is simply not worth putting your life or anyone else's in such grave danger."

NBOMe is a synthetic drug and was made illegal in June 2014 becoming a class A controlled drug.

25i-NBOMe is also known as 25i, INB-MeO, N-bomb, Smiles, Mr. Happy, Solaris and Cimbi-5.

The potential effects of this drug can be catastrophic. Users of the drug have been found to suffer from paranoia, violence, agitation, seizures and hallucinogenic effects. It can also cause increased heart rate and blood pressure which can in extreme cases lead to heart failure. There are numerous reports both in the UK and worldwide where people who have taken the drug have gone on to inflict serious harm upon themselves.

If you or anyone else becomes unwell after taking illegal drugs or legal highs, please seek medical attention as soon as possible.

Further information about drugs, including the NBOMe family of drugs can be found on the website www.talktofrank.com/drug/n-bomb.

Support, information and advice regarding drug use is available from the following services:

www.talktofrank.com

Lifeline (York) 01904 464680 (Young and adult people in York)

North Yorkshire Horizons 01723 330730 (Adults 18+ in North Yorkshire)

Compass Reach 0800 0087452 (for under 18-year-olds in North Yorkshire)

25 April 2016

Posted on 25 April 2016 at 10:57am in News stories
