```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-03-05T12:03:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Three men, a 46 and 47-year-old from Bury and a 38-year old from Blackburn, were arrested near Dunnington on Monday 5 February 2018 after police were contacted by an elderly resident, who had been pressurised into buying a new front door. The three men were taken into custody and later released under investigation while police [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further arrest made as investigation into suspected Lancashire rogue traders as police identify 15 potential victims - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arrest-made-investigation-suspected-lancashire-rogue-traders-police-identify-15-potential-victims/
title: Further arrest made as investigation into suspected Lancashire rogue traders as police identify 15 potential victims
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arrest-made-investigation-suspected-lancashire-rogue-traders-police-identify-15-potential-victims/
```

Last modified: 5 March 2018 at 12:03pm

Police have made a further arrest as part of the investigation into suspected rogue traders from Lancashire, who are thought to have been targetting the surrounding towns and villages of York.

Three men, a 46 and 47-year-old from Bury and a 38-year old from Blackburn, were arrested near Dunnington on Monday 5 February 2018 after police were contacted by an elderly resident, who had been pressurised into buying a new front door. The three men were taken into custody and later released under investigation while police and trading standards officials continued their enquiries.

Another man, a 43-year-old from Keighley, was arrested on Thursday 1 March 2018 on suspicion of fraud by false representation. He was also taken into custody and later released on conditional bail.

Police have already identified 15 potential victims and are appealing for anyone else who has been approached at home, or had their suspicions raised by a home improvement firm attempting to sell doors and windows, to contact them on 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to York Investigation Hub. Please quote reference 12180020756.

The officer in charge of the investigation, DC Mike Holden said “I’d ask families to speak to their elderly relatives, to see if they have been approached in recent weeks by a firm attempting to sell them replacement doors and windows, as we believe that sadly there are more victims yet to come forward. If they have, please contact police and pass on the information.

“If you are unsure about a tradesperson, the Age UK Home Service Directory is a useful resource. It offers a list of traders who have been vetted by Age UK and the City of York Trading Standards, to help protect householders from falling victim to bogus traders - https://www.ageuk.org.uk/york/our-services/home-services-directory/

“Ultimately, if someone calls at your home without a prior appointment and you are unsure, please do not let them into your home. If they are from a genuine company or organisation, they will make an appointment and have proper accreditation.”

“We also advise that you follow these four simple crime prevention steps, to help reduce the risk of becoming a victim of this type of crime. **Lock all doors** , even when you are at home. **Stop and ask** the caller who they are, before you open the door. Always **use a door chain** or spy hole. And If you are not sure who they are, **don’t open the door**.”

Posted on 5 March 2018 at 12:03pm in News stories
