```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-27T08:42:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Op CASBIA is a new initiative that will come into force on Friday 27 October. Local neighbourhood policing teams will be out in numbers to provide reassurance, crime prevention advice and provide you with the opportunity to meet your local officers.\_ Officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s specialist Road Policing Group and Operational Support Unit will [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Increased police presence over Halloween and Bonfire celebrations - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/increased-police-presence-halloween-bonfire-celebrations/
title: Increased police presence over Halloween and Bonfire celebrations
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/increased-police-presence-halloween-bonfire-celebrations/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Over the coming weeks police in North Yorkshire will have an increased presence in York to deter those who may choose to engage in anti-social behaviour (ASB), and help keep the community safe under Operation CASBIA.

Op C **ASB** IA is a new initiative that will come into force on Friday 27 October. Local neighbourhood policing teams will be out in numbers to provide reassurance, crime prevention advice and provide you with the opportunity to meet your local officers. Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s specialist Road Policing Group and Operational Support Unit will also be joining the local team to deter ASB and deal with the anti-social use of vehicles on our roads.

Postcards will also be supplied, to display that you do not wish to have Trick or Treaters at your door. These are available at the front office of both Acomb and Fulford Police station, or alternatively you can email your local team for one to be posted through your door.

Chief Inspector Allan Wescott, of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Although this time of year is fun and exciting for many, there are those in our communities for whom it can cause concern and anxiety and increase the fear of crime in local communities. There are also a small number of people who may choose to use it as an opportunity to commit Anti-Social Behaviour. We want to reassure the public that we will be out on the streets, doing our best to keep local communities safe.

“I’d like to also remind people to only trick or treat in their own neighbourhood unless they’re with an adult and avoid going out alone and ask people to stay in well- lit areas where there are plenty of houses.

“At this time of year we work closely with the Fire and Rescue Service, and I urge people not to take risks with fireworks. Anyone caught supplying fireworks to under 18s or lighting them in the street can expect to be dealt with robustly.”

Posted on 27 October 2017 at 09:42am in News stories
