```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-25T09:10:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-25T09:09:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In the last few days, thieves have broken into garages, and stolen bikes and motorbikes worth thousands of pounds. Enquiries are ongoing to determine whether the incidents are linked, to identify those responsible, and to return the bikes to their rightful owners. Between 19 and 21 January 2021, a motorbike was stolen from a garage [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/12210034339-stolen-motorbike--300x201.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rural security warning after spate of bike thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-security-warning-after-spate-of-bike-thefts/
title: Rural security warning after spate of bike thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rural-security-warning-after-spate-of-bike-thefts/
```

Last modified: 25 January 2021 at 09:10am

Police are urging residents to check the security of their outbuildings – particularly in rural areas of North Yorkshire – after a spate of thefts.

In the last few days, thieves have broken into garages, and stolen bikes and motorbikes worth thousands of pounds.

Enquiries are ongoing to determine whether the incidents are linked, to identify those responsible, and to return the bikes to their rightful owners.

Between 19 and 21 January 2021, a motorbike was stolen from a garage in the Boroughbridge area. The offender cut through two locks and stole the red and white motorbike – which had only just been given as a Christmas present. Anyone with information about the theft is asked to, call North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting incident reference 12210034339.

Overnight between 20 and 21 January 2021, three high-value pedal bikes were stolen from a garage in the Gargrave area. A lock was damaged and three bikes taken. They were a silver-coloured Van Nicholas Amazon, a Scott Scale 50 with a black frame with blue writing on it, and a bronze-colour Genesis racing bike – with a total value of around £3,000. Police are investigating, incident reference 12210033684.

Also overnight between 20 and 21 January 2021, two mountain bikes, an Orange and a Giant model, with a total value of around £2,500, were stolen from a garage in the Grassington area. Enquiries are ongoing, reference 12210032497.

PC Liz Estensen, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Enquiries are ongoing into these incidents, and while our investigations continue, I am urging North Yorkshire residents to be vigilant and double-check the security measures they have in place.

“Recorded crime figures show that thieves are far more likely to break into sheds and garages than houses, so consider taking extra steps to protect your outbuildings, particularly if you live in a rural or isolated area.”

Residents are asked to consider the following crime prevention advice:

 * If you have a door lock or window lock on your outbuilding, use it.
 * A simple padlock and hasp correctly fitted to a door can deter the opportunist thief. Use a close coupled padlock for increased security.
 * If you have an integral door between your home and garage, consider this as an external door and secure it appropriately.
 * Consider installing CCTV, external lighting or an alarm.
 * Mark particularly valuable items prominently with your postcode.
 * Consider placing smaller items in a secure cabinet within your shed or garage, or store them in your home.

Officers are also investigating reports of youths interfering with high-value vehicles parked in Harrogate overnight. Vehicles should always be left secure, with no valuables left inside.

Posted on 25 January 2021 at 09:09am in News stories
