```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-12T13:24:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-12T13:21:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The woman, who lives in the Richmondshire area,\_received a phone call to tell her that it was time to renew her &#8216;boiler&#8217; insurance, to insure against her heating breaking down this winter Believing she was\_speaking to her existing insurance provider, the woman gave the fraudsters her bank account details. Using that information the thieves set [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fraud investigators warn of old scam with a new twist - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fraud-investigators-warn-of-old-scam-with-a-new-twist/
title: Fraud investigators warn of old scam with a new twist
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fraud-investigators-warn-of-old-scam-with-a-new-twist/
```

Last modified: 12 September 2018 at 02:24pm

Thanks to the vigilance of an 80-year-old woman, fraudsters who had persuaded her to set up a direct debit from her bank current account, got away with nothing.

The woman, who lives in the Richmondshire area, received a phone call to tell her that it was time to renew her 'boiler' insurance, to insure against her heating breaking down this winter

Believing she was speaking to her existing insurance provider, the woman gave the fraudsters her bank account details.

Using that information the thieves set up a direct debit and took the first payment of £44.00. Police believe the payment was made to an account controlled by the fraudsters.

Thankfully the victim spotted the payment going out and realised she was not paying her usual heating company. The direct debit was cancelled just in time, the bank recalled the payment, and on this occasion the fraudsters did not manage to keep the money they had stolen.

When she contacted the company whose name had been high-jacked and used by the thieves she was told she was the fifth person to report such a scam that morning.

Officers are advising anyone who receives similar calls to take great care and make sure they check to see who they are speaking to. Please do not to give details of your bank account to anyone who phones you.

The fraudsters in this case were using a company name that looked and sounded real. However the caller was completely bogus. These thieves are intent on taking money from your bank account by fraud. Always ensure you know who you are speaking to and if you are in any doubt, put the phone down.

Do not assume people are who they say they are, particularly when they call you out of the blue.

Click here for more advice about frauds and scams

Contact details:
 kevin ross \- #4170
kevin.ross@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | dial 101 ask for 4170
Incident reference:
 NYP-07092018-0116 NFRC 180902510229
Posted on 12 September 2018 at 02:21pm in Local appeals
