```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-22T10:30:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-22T10:30:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A teenage boy reported being touched on the back by a man as he was riding his bike in Hirst Courtney. The incident has been investigated and police are able to conclude that there is no evidence of a crime being committed. The incident would appear to have been reported with good intentions but after [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update following police investigation into suspicious incident in a Selby village - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hirst-courtney/
title: Update following police investigation into suspicious incident in a Selby village
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hirst-courtney/
```

Last modified: 22 March 2021 at 10:30am

Police have reassured residents following reports of a suspicious incident in a Selby village after their investigation revealed no offences have been committed.

A teenage boy reported being touched on the back by a man as he was riding his bike in Hirst Courtney.

The incident has been investigated and police are able to conclude that there is no evidence of a crime being committed.

The incident would appear to have been reported with good intentions but after a rapid but thorough investigation officers have been able to identify CCTV footage of the incident that has helped them draw this conclusion.

Detective Sergeant Matthew Marshall said: "We hope that our response to this incident can reassure residents that the safety of our communities’ children is of paramount importance and we did take this incident seriously.

"We are thankful to the local residents for their help and co-operation in this matter, providing us with the evidence we needed to progress the investigation.

"We are also thankful to the local neighbourhood policing team for their rapid response and hard work in collating the evidence and providing a visible reassuring presence in the village."

**Original appeal 19.03.21**

Police investigating an incident in a Selby village are appealing for information from the public.

Officers are keen to identify a man dressed in dark clothing who was near Hirst Courtney cricket pitch on Wednesday afternoon.

A teenage boy was riding his bike towards Temple Hirst at around 4pm to 4.30pm when he felt his back being touched.

He was cycling on the road, past the junction leading to the cricket pitch.

Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone who has information about the man or who witnessed the incident is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York CID.

You can also email CIDYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote incident number 12210080400.

Posted on 22 March 2021 at 10:30am in News stories
