```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-30T12:03:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: An operation to tackle anti-social behaviour in Harrogate has helped ensure people feel safe in the town.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Success for Harrogate anti-social behaviour operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-harrogate-anti-social-behaviour-operation/
title: Success for Harrogate anti-social behaviour operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-harrogate-anti-social-behaviour-operation/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

An operation to tackle anti-social behaviour in Harrogate has helped ensure people feel safe in the town.

Since November 2016, Harrogate Police have been working in partnership with the Community Safety Team at Harrogate Borough Council on the operation, which sees officers and PCSOs engaging with the local community and enforcing Harrogate’s Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) when needed.

Dubbed Operation Yeehaw, it has resulted in ten arrests, six Dispersal Orders being issued and 13 alcohol seizures. More than 40 young people were spoken to about their behaviour, and a 16-year-old was given a Criminal Behaviour Order.

Police also worked closely with local businesses, responding to their reports and addressing their concerns.

Jaspal Sambhi, Business Manager of Harrogate McDonald’s said: “We certainly noticed a reduction in the number of incidents around Oxford St during the operation. The officers were very visible and it was great to have them around.”

Laurence Connolly, Director of The Champagne Concept, said: “Overall, I think the operation has been a huge success. The most material and important aspect of the programme for us has been an increase of police presence on our street in the evening. This police presence has meant the any anti-social behaviour is dealt with quickly and in many cases prevented. Provided this level of police presence is sustained, I am hopeful that the anti-social behaviour we were previously seeing can be minimised in the future, making Harrogate a more enjoyable place for Harrogate residents and visitors.”

Inspector Penny Taylor, of Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Operation Yeehaw has seen very positive results, sending a strong message that we will not tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour in our town centre.

“The operation has now concluded, but we will continue to work with our partners to help keep levels of anti-social behaviour to a minimum and make sure that Harrogate’s businesses, residents and visitors feel safe.”

Mike Chambers, Harrogate Borough Council’s Cabinet Member for Housing and Safer Communities said: “A joint approach has again proved to be an effective tool, combining the resources of the police and the council alongside the support of retailers in the town centre, linking the Radiolink scheme to CCTV and the police. We will continue to work with our partners to ensure a robust approach is being taken in tackling anti-social behaviour.”

Posted on 30 January 2017 at 12:03pm in News stories
