```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-08T13:12:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating an arson attack at Leeman Stores on Salisbury Terrace in York have issued CCTV images of people they want to trace.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/York_arson_Leeman_Stores.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV issued in York arson investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-in-york-arson-investigation/
title: CCTV issued in York arson investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-in-york-arson-investigation/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police investigating an arson attack at Leeman Stores on Salisbury Terrace in York have issued CCTV images of people they want to trace.

View image

The incident happened at around 4.23am in the early hours of Saturday 7 February 2015 when the suspect approached the stores from the Bright Street side, entered a paper storage shed to the rear of the property and set fire to it.

The fire melted a gas metre and caused substantial damage to the rear of the store.

The resident in the flat above the shop was woken by the noise of the fire and the smell of smoke but thankfully escaped unharmed.

The first CCTV image is of a man they want to talk to in connection with the incident. The image was taken at the scene of the fire.

In the second image a couple are seen walking along Salisbury Terrace at around 4.27am. Officers believe the couple may be potential witnesses and could have information that could assist their inquiries. They are appealing for them to come forward.

There were a number of vehicles passing through the area at the time and officers are appealing to any motorists who were travelling through the area between 4.15am and 4.45am to contact them, particularly anyone who may use a dashboard camera and have footage of the area.

Anyone who can help to identify the man shown in the CCTV, the couple walking along Salisbury Terrace and anyone else who saw anyone acting suspiciously in the Salisbury Terrace area at the time of the incident is asked to call the police.

To pass on information, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York CID. Or you can email yorkcid@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12150020823 when passing on information.

Posted on 8 February 2015 at 01:12pm in News stories
