```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-23T12:13:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A suspected stolen bike will be reunited with its owner thanks to dot peen property marking, after a warrant was executed at a house in York today.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/01/Some-of-the-property-seized-from-the-warrant-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York warrant sees man arrested and success for dot peen property marking - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-warrant-sees-man-arrested-success-dot-peen-property-marking/
title: York warrant sees man arrested and success for dot peen property marking
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-warrant-sees-man-arrested-success-dot-peen-property-marking/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

A suspected stolen bike will be reunited with its owner thanks to dot peen property marking, after a warrant was executed at a house in York today.

At 8.30am this morning, Monday 23 January, North Yorkshire Police officers executed a warrant at Bootham Square, York. A number of bicycle frames and parts, and an amount of cannabis, were found in the property.

One of the bikes had a dot peen security mark on it. Officers were able to immediately check the code at the scene, and established that it had been reported stolen from a garden in the Clifton area of York in December 2016.

A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of cycle theft and cannabis possession. He remains in custody as enquiries continue.

The suspected stolen bicycle will be reunited with its owner.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: “Marking your property using dot peen is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of crime – and, as we have seen this morning, it makes it far more likely that we will be able to return lost or stolen property to you.”

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be registered on a database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. The technique can be used on everything from bikes and golf clubs to power tools and laptop computers. To find out more, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen

Earlier this month, North Yorkshire Police joined forces with Cleveland Police to launch dot peen in Cleveland, ensuring property is protected from criminals who move between the borders of both areas to commit crime.

Dot peen property marking is also available in many parts of North Yorkshire, including York, Selby, Harrogate and Richmondshire. Contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team to find out about the service in your area, or follow the hashtag #whatisdotpeen on Twitter.

Posted on 23 January 2017 at 12:13pm in News stories
