```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-09T10:44:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened at The Co-op Petrol Station on Ripon Road in Harrogate at 9.20pm on the 7 September 2019 and involved a 19 year old man having a chain necklace being pulled from his neck by an unknown suspect, who then made off with the necklace. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a recent Robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-recent-robbery/
title: Appeal following a recent Robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-recent-robbery/
```

Last modified: 9 December 2019 at 10:44am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Robbery that occurred in Harrogate.

The incident happened at The Co-op Petrol Station on Ripon Road in Harrogate at 9.20pm on the 7 September 2019 and involved a 19 year old man having a chain necklace being pulled from his neck by an unknown suspect, who then made off with the necklace.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any people who were in the area at the time of the incident or who knows the identity of the offender, to get in touch.

The suspect has been described by the victim as a white man aged approx. 16/17yrs old, roughly 5’9″ in height and was fat in build. He had short brown hair and was wearing a hooded top with the hood down. He was holding a mountain bike at the time of the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sam Creamer You can also email sam.creamer@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190166995.

Contact details:
 Sam Creamer \- #0634
sam.creamer@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | Ext. 30634/Mob 07741 174007
Incident reference:
 12190166995
Posted on 9 December 2019 at 10:44am in Local appeals
