```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:32:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-26T11:32:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a motorcyclist was seriously injured in a road traffic collision on the A65 near Clapham.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Motorcyclist seriously injured in Craven collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorcyclist-seriously-injured-craven-collision/
title: Motorcyclist seriously injured in Craven collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/motorcyclist-seriously-injured-craven-collision/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:32am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a motorcyclist was seriously injured in a road traffic collision on the A65 near Clapham.

The biker, a 43-year-old man from Leeds, was airlifted to hospital after suffering life-changing injuries when his red and white Honda Fireblade collided with a dark-colured Seat-Altea. The collision occurred on a bend just past Clapham village heading towards Austwick at around 6.30pm on Thursday 25 June 2015.

The Honda was travelling towards Settle along with a blue and white motorbike and the car was travelling in the opposite direction.

Officers are appealing to any witnesses to get in touch with information.

Traffic Constable Ken Riley, of North Yorkshire Police's Road Policing Group, said: "I would like to speak to anyone who saw the vehicles involved prior to the collision or anyone who witnessed the incident itself to come forward.

"Any information may be able to help greatly with our efforts to establish the circumstances leading up to this incident."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select 101 - and ask for Ken Riley.

Alternatively, information can be emailed tokenneth.riley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150106925 when passing information about this incident.

**26 June 2015**

Posted on 26 June 2015 at 11:32am in News stories
