```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-04-30T13:07:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police received a report of violence at 11.03am Monday 29 April 2019 from Yorkshire Ambulance Service, who had been called to attend a man who was reported to have received a stab wound to the chest. The incident was reported to have taken place near the benches outside of the Hydro, Jenny Field Drive in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Extra police patrols to reassure residents after Harrogate assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/extra-police-patrols-to-reassure-residents-after-harrogate-assault/
title: Extra police patrols to reassure residents after Harrogate assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/extra-police-patrols-to-reassure-residents-after-harrogate-assault/
```

Last modified: 30 April 2019 at 02:07pm

A 17-year-old boy has been arrested following an assault in Harrogate.

Police received a report of violence at 11.03am Monday 29 April 2019 from Yorkshire Ambulance Service, who had been called to attend a man who was reported to have received a stab wound to the chest.

The incident was reported to have taken place near the benches outside of the Hydro, Jenny Field Drive in Harrogate.

The injured man was initially treated at the scene, and subsequently taken to hospital.

A 17-year-old boy was arrested in connection with the incident. He remains in custody while enquiries continue.

Officers are appealing for witnesses who were in the area at the time of the incident, or anyone with any information, to get in touch.

Please call 101, press 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room, quoting reference number 12190077105.

Inspector Penny Taylor, of Harrogate Police, said: "There have been two serious assaults in Harrogate over the last few weeks, and I recognise that these have alarmed some people.

"The two incidents are unrelated and we've made arrests in connection with both offences. I'd ask people not to speculate or raise unnecessary alarm on social media, and allow the investigations to take their course.

"It's important to remember that Harrogate is, and remains, a really safe place to live and work. Incidents like these are, thankfully, very rare in our town.

"I can reassure residents that we're working hard, with our local authority partners, to deal with young people who are at risk of getting involved in crime. Neighbourhood Policing officers have been sending letters and carrying out home visits to speak to some parents face-to-face. In addition, we've increased police patrols across the town, and have been using powers such as dispersal orders to deal with any issues before they escalate.

"Although the incident on Monday took place near the Hydro, it is not connected to recent anti-social behaviour in the area, which we continue to work hard to tackle.

"We've also received great support from residents - whether it's by reporting suspicious activity on 101, or providing information about ongoing investigations, and I'm very grateful for that. Please continue to work with us to keep Harrogate safe, and do contact us if you have any concerns or questions."

Posted on 30 April 2019 at 02:07pm in News stories
