```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-11T14:06:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-11T13:56:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At about 12.30pm on Tuesday 9 July 2019, a unit from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Road Policing Group on patrol spotted a quad bike travelling northbound on the A19 through Whitley, near Eggborough. On seeing the marked police car, the rider accelerated away and began overtaking vehicles. The quad bike failed to stop on Kellington Lane, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Suspected-stolen-quad-bike.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police pursue suspected stolen quad bike \u2013 investigation underway to find its rightful owner - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-pursue-suspected-stolen-quad-bike-investigation-underway-to-find-its-rightful-owner/
title: "Police pursue suspected stolen quad bike \u2013 investigation underway to find its rightful owner"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-pursue-suspected-stolen-quad-bike-investigation-underway-to-find-its-rightful-owner/
```

Last modified: 11 July 2019 at 03:06pm

Police are seeking to reunite this suspected stolen quad bike with its rightful owner – after it was pursued through rural North Yorkshire.

At about 12.30pm on Tuesday 9 July 2019, a unit from North Yorkshire Police’s Road Policing Group on patrol spotted a quad bike travelling northbound on the A19 through Whitley, near Eggborough.

On seeing the marked police car, the rider accelerated away and began overtaking vehicles. The quad bike failed to stop on Kellington Lane, Eggborough. It went out of sight of the pursuing officer, and was found abandoned a short time later. A police dog and the helicopter were deployed, and an extensive search was made of the area, but the rider was not located.

The quad bike, a Yamaha Yoshimura, was recovered and taken to a secure location while police enquiries continue.

Investigator David Pegg, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “We are keen to trace the owner of this vehicle, as it is believed it may have been stolen. If you know who owns it, or the identity of the rider who failed to stop for police, please get in touch.”

Call North Yorkshire Police 101, select option 2 and ask for David Pegg. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference number 12190124039 when passing information about this incident.

Quad bikes are among the items most likely to be stolen in rural areas. In May 2019, North Yorkshire Police dealt with eight incidents involving the theft or attempted theft of quad bikes. Although the abandoned quad bike has not been confirmed stolen, the force’s Rural Taskforce is nevertheless urging all owners to take extra precautions:

• Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads.

• Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the vehicle.

• Fit wheel clamps and/or locking posts, and consider an alarm.

• Mark or customise your vehicle so it is easily identifiable.

• Consider fitting GPS tracking devices for high-value vehicles.

• Keep a record of all vehicles, including photographs and serial numbers.

PCSO Bryan Tongue, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “I would ask anyone who owns a quad bike, particularly if they live in a rural or isolated area, to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are always left safe and secure.

“It’s far better to spend some time and money now on high-quality security measures, rather than have to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your quad bike stolen.”

Posted on 11 July 2019 at 02:56pm in News stories
