```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-05-08T10:04:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Rural residents are being asked to check the security of their quad bikes, after a number of thefts in North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Quad bike security warning after rural North Yorkshire vehicle thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-security-warning-rural-north-yorkshire-vehicle-thefts/
title: Quad bike security warning after rural North Yorkshire vehicle thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-security-warning-rural-north-yorkshire-vehicle-thefts/
```

Last modified: 8 May 2017 at 10:04am

Rural residents are being asked to check the security of their quad bikes, after a number of thefts in North Yorkshire.

Sometime between 12.15am and 8am on Thursday 4 May 2017, a red Honda Foreman 250 quad bike was stolen from an outbuilding at a farm in Castleton in the North York Moors.

A red Honda 500 quad bike was stolen some time between 6.30am and 8.30am on Friday 5 May from a farm near Brimham Rocks Road in Nidderdale. Police are particularly keen to identify a red panel van (described as ex-Parcel Force) which had been parked in the layby opposite Brimham Hall Farm during the days leading up to this crime.

Anyone with information about either theft is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police using the 101 non-emergency number, choose option 1 and be ready to quote reference 12170076245 (Castleton) or 12170076952 (Nidderdale).

Quad bikes and all-terrain vehicles are among the items most likely to be stolen in rural areas. In light of the recent thefts, police are urging owners to:

• Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked garage or well-lit open space, preferably out of sight from nearby roads
• Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the vehicle
• Fit wheel clamps and/or locking posts, and consider an alarm
• Mark or customise your vehicle so it is easily identifiable
• Consider fitting tracking devices for high-value vehicles
• Keep a record of all vehicles, including photographs and serial numbers

PCSO Sally Breen, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: "I am urging anyone who owns a quad bike – and particularly if they live in a rural area – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure.

"It's much better to spend a bit of time and money now on better security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen. Members of the public act as our eyes and ears in rural areas, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action."

North Yorkshire Police are also continuing to urge people in rural areas to be vigilant, and report any suspicious activity to the police, as part of its Call It In campaign. Even if it doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of information helps officers build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice.

Posted on 8 May 2017 at 10:04am in News stories
