```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-11T11:46:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-11T11:43:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Paul Ludford, aged 47 of Albermarle Crescent, Scarborough appeared at York Crown Court on Friday 8 June 2018 and pleaded guilty to burglary. On Sunday 6\_May 2018 at around 10.15pm, Ludford was found stood in the hallway of a neighbours property on Albermarle Crescent. When confronted by the\_homeowners\_and asked to leave the property, he told [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/LUDFORD-Paul-290171.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough burglar who gave his victims crime prevention advice, is jailed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-burglar-who-gave-his-victims-crime-prevention-advice-is-jailed/
title: Scarborough burglar who gave his victims crime prevention advice, is jailed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-burglar-who-gave-his-victims-crime-prevention-advice-is-jailed/
```

Last modified: 11 June 2018 at 12:46pm

A Scarborough burglar, who told his victims to lock their door when he was found in their hallway, has been jailed for two years and four months.

Paul Ludford, aged 47 of Albermarle Crescent, Scarborough appeared at York Crown Court on Friday 8 June 2018 and pleaded guilty to burglary.

On Sunday 6 May 2018 at around 10.15pm, Ludford was found stood in the hallway of a neighbours property on Albermarle Crescent. When confronted by the homeowners and asked to leave the property, he told them that he had entered the property by an unlocked rear door and advised them to ensure their door is locked in future. Understandably shaken by finding a stranger in their property, it was only later the victims realised a mobile phone and charger had been removed.

The victims were able to pass an accurate description of Ludford to police, which enabled officers to identify, locate and arrest him on suspicion of burglary.

When officers carried out a search of Ludford’s property, the stolen items were recovered. He was charged with burglary and remanded into custody.

Speaking about the result from court, Detective Constable David Adams of Scarborough and Ryedale Serious Crime Team, who investigated the burglary said:

“Burglary is an abhorrent crime which seriously affects both the victims and the wider community and we welcome the sentence handed to Ludford. To walk uninvited into someone’s home, steal their property and then have the audacity to remonstrate with them about leaving a door insecure, gives an idea of the complete disregard Ludford has towards his victims.

"We hope this sentence sends a message to offenders intent on committing offences like this; if you are prepared to commit crime, be prepared for doing some serious time behind bars.”

Posted on 11 June 2018 at 12:43pm in News stories
