```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:22:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-27T11:21:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A 64-year-old man has been sentenced for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Darren_Greaves-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Driver sentenced for causing death by careless driving - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-sentenced-causing-death-careless-driving/
title: Driver sentenced for causing death by careless driving
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-sentenced-causing-death-careless-driving/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:22am

A 64-year-old man has been sentenced for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.

Brian Colling clipped cyclist Darren Greaves, 38, while attempting to overtake on the B1224 near Wetherby, on the afternoon of Thursday 17 October 2013. As a result of being clipped by the car, Darren, who was cycling towards Wetherby, fell from his cycle and was struck by another car. Sadly he was pronounced dead at the scene.

Colling, 64, from Wetherby, was found guilty at York Crown Court on 5 June 2015. On 26 June he was sentenced to a community order of 120 hours of unpaid work, disqualified from driving for 12 months and ordered to pay £3,500 costs and a £60 victim surcharge.

Traffic Sergeant John Lumbard, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "The verdict sends a clear message to drivers regarding the responsibility they have towards vulnerable road users, in particular cyclists.

"The Highway Code gives strong guidance within the rules for drivers: overtake only when it is safe to do so, give motorcyclists, cyclists and horse riders at least as much room as you would a car when overtaking, and take into account any wobbles or swerving by cyclists who may be trying to avoid potholes or defects in the road.

"When approaching cyclists, drivers need to be prepared to slow down and if necessary follow the cyclist until there is a safe opportunity to overtake. If there is oncoming traffic then drivers should show patience and not try to squeeze through the gap. Neither should drivers attempt to overtake cyclists on bends where the view ahead is obscured.

"Following the guidance given in the Highway Code will only add a few seconds to a journey, but the consequences of attempting to pass a cyclist at the wrong time could be very serious. We need to make the roads as safe as we can, and following the Highway Code will go a long way to achieving this."

In a statement, the family of Darren Greaves said: "After several months of waiting for justice for Darren, we have finally received that. We would like to thank North Yorkshire Police who have supported us throughout. Darren lives with us every day."

Posted on 27 June 2015 at 11:21am in News stories
