```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-26T15:04:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-25T12:49:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The cameras have been introduced following extensive research around body-worn video in other police areas, and following support from the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council, and suggestions by Her Majesty\u2019s Inspectorate of Constabulary Fire and Rescue Services. The use of the cameras will be monitored and evaluated during the initial roll-out which will then inform any [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/BWV-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Body-worn video to be used by selected North Yorkshire Police teams - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/body-worn-video-to-be-used-by-selected-north-yorkshire-police-teams/
title: Body-worn video to be used by selected North Yorkshire Police teams
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/body-worn-video-to-be-used-by-selected-north-yorkshire-police-teams/
```

Last modified: 26 June 2018 at 04:04pm

From 25 June 2018 North Yorkshire Police will begin a roll-out of body-worn video cameras to Authorised Firearms Officers, Taser trained officers, response officers, and custody staff.

The cameras have been introduced following extensive research around body-worn video in other police areas, and following support from the National Police Chiefs’ Council, and suggestions by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary Fire and Rescue Services.

The use of the cameras will be monitored and evaluated during the initial roll-out which will then inform any future decisions about their wider use.

The expected benefits of the cameras based on trials and research to date, include:

• improved evidence to support investigations
• increased conviction rates – particularly in the case of domestic violence and public order offences
• a reduction in substantiated complaints against North Yorkshire Police and its officers and staff
• a reduction in assaults against police officers
• an increase in guilty pleas due to better evidence
• transparency in policing
• the cameras have also been shown to act as a deterrent in certain confrontational situations.

They are used overtly which means they will be clearly visible and worn on the outside of an officer’s uniform or headwear. When it is in operation, a flashing red light will appear on the camera and officers will advise members of the public that the camera is in use.

Although the cameras will be worn during an entire shift, they may only be turned on when an officer is responding to an incident or working on certain policing operations. They cannot be used for general patrolling or for continuous, non-specific recording.

The evidence they record will be used to corroborate but cannot replace evidence from other sources such as eye witness accounts.

The cameras record both video and audio.

Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver, said: “Body-worn video is now widely used across the UK police service and research has revealed numerous benefits for those forces using it. At North Yorkshire Police we wanted to be sure that the benefits would outweigh any negatives, and have tracked both the results of its use, and the development of the products and solutions over the years. Having seen the results from other areas, we are confident that the time is now right to adopt the use of the cameras in North Yorkshire.

“We anticipate they will be a key tool to protect both members of the public and our officers and staff, in addition to providing vital evidence to support investigations and complaints.”

Earlier this year, Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire approved the funding for the cameras. She said: “My aim is always to ensure North Yorkshire’s police officers have the tools and resources to allow them to tackle crime, bring offenders to justice and keep our communities safer and I support the force’s decision to equip certain teams with body-worn video cameras.

“I believe there are important benefits to the use of this technology, with improved legitimacy and safety for the public, and improved assurance for police officers. As the trial progresses, I look forward to hearing about the impact they are having.”

North Yorkshire Police used body-worn video cameras during the policing of protests at Kirby Misperton hydraulic fracturing site and the learning from this has been fed into this roll-out of the cameras.

Posted on 25 June 2018 at 01:49pm in News stories
