```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:52:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-05T12:52:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist was found with serious injuries on the Buttertubs Pass - the road between Hawes and Muker - on Sunday morning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after cyclist found injured on Buttertubs Pass in the Yorkshire Dales - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cyclist-found-injured-buttertubs-pass-yorkshire-dales/
title: Appeal after cyclist found injured on Buttertubs Pass in the Yorkshire Dales
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-cyclist-found-injured-buttertubs-pass-yorkshire-dales/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:52pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist was found with serious injuries on the Buttertubs Pass - the road between Hawes and Muker - on Sunday morning.

At around 11.40am on the morning of Sunday 4 October 2015, a passing motorist came across the injured cyclist lying in the road approximately three kilometres from Thwaite.

The cyclist, a man aged in his fifties from Middlesbrough, was taken to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where he remains in a serious condition.

The cyclist had been travelling from the direction of Hawes towards Muker. He was wearing a white helmet, fluorescent yellow t-shirt and dark coloured shorts. He was riding a silver Canyon pedal cycle.

Police are investigating how the cyclist came to fall from his bike and are appealing to anyone who was travelling along the road, which is also known as Cliff Gate Road and either saw the cyclist prior to the incident or saw what happened to him, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit, or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150175659 when passing on information.

The road was closed to attend to the casualty and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 5.40pm.

5 October 2015

Posted on 5 October 2015 at 12:52pm in News stories
