```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-09T14:18:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On Sunday 15 April 2018, Police Support Volunteers and Police Community Support Officers will be offering free \u201Cdot peen\u201D security marking, handing out crime prevention advice, and promoting the UK Terrorism Police\u2019s Action Counters Terrorism (ACT) campaign at the Moors and Shores Adventure Cross cycling event. 100s of cyclists and spectators are expected to attend [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclists and spectators offered free security marking at Dalby Forest Adventure Cross this weekend - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-spectators-offered-free-security-marking-dalby-forest-adventure-cross-weekend/
title: Cyclists and spectators offered free security marking at Dalby Forest Adventure Cross this weekend
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-spectators-offered-free-security-marking-dalby-forest-adventure-cross-weekend/
```

Last modified: 9 April 2018 at 03:18pm

Volunteers from North Yorkshire Police are taking crime prevention advice and property marking into the depths of Dalby Forest this weekend with their Keeping safe community roadshow.

On Sunday 15 April 2018, Police Support Volunteers and Police Community Support Officers will be offering free “dot peen” security marking, handing out crime prevention advice, and promoting the UK Terrorism Police’s Action Counters Terrorism (ACT) campaign at the Moors and Shores Adventure Cross cycling event.

100s of cyclists and spectators are expected to attend the event that starts in Adderstone Field where the roadshow will be based.

The “Keeping safe community roadshow” is one of a number of events led by police volunteers to support and enhance the work of their local policing teams.

Members of the public, spectators and competitors are encouraged to get their property marked and at the same time find out how they can play their part in keeping the UK safe by acting on their instincts and reporting suspicious behaviour.

Inspector Martin Dennison of Ryedale police said: “The event offers a great opportunity for us to engage with a large number of people, encourage them to get their property – including cycles - security marked, and at the same time, learn about what to look out for to help the police thwart terrorist attacks and save lives.

“My thanks go to our volunteers, UK Cycling Events and the Forestry Commission for their support and the opportunity to be part of the Adventure Cross event.”

**What is “dot peen”?**

Every year, the police recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals, but all too often there is no way of identifying its rightful owners. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get the property back, but it can also provide evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

Dot peen machines can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm, and can be used on everything from steel and aluminium to plastic. It can therefore be used in farms, on garage and garden tools, power tools, computers and electrical devices, mobile phones and tablets, equestrian tack, golf clubs, musical instrument cases, cycles – and much more besides!

**ACT campaign**

The recently appointed Head of Counter Terrorism, Assistant Commissioner of Specialist Operations (ACSO), Neil Basu, praised the public’s willingness to ACT in response to last year’s unprecedented rise in terrorist activity, which resulted in record numbers of people contacting the police through online referral forms and the confidential hotline to report suspicious behaviour and activity.

The ACT campaign encourages the public to report suspicious behaviour and activity via the online tool at gov.uk/ACT.

“We have been saying for some time now that communities defeat terrorism, and these figures demonstrate just how important members of the public are in the fight to keep our country safe”, said ACSO Neil Basu.

“Since the beginning of 2017 we have foiled 10 Islamist and four right wing terror plots, and there is no doubt in my mind that would have been impossible to do without relevant information from the public.”

A spokeswoman for the North East Counter Terrorism Unit, added: “To defeat terrorism and all forms of extremism, we need the help of our local communities.

"Any piece of information you may have could be important. Anything you have seen or heard, anything that your instincts tell you isn’t right, please report it. Specially trained officers and staff will take that information and ensure that it is dealt with in the most appropriate way.

“Police are committed to tackling all forms of toxic extremist ideology, this includes the threat from extreme right wing, which has the potential to threaten public safety and security.

“You can quickly and anonymously report online via www.gov.uk/ACT or you can call the police in confidence on 0800 789 321. Remember, in an emergency you should always call 999.”

Of the nearly 31,000 public reports to Counter Terrorism (CT) Policing during 2017, more than 6,600 (21.2%) resulted in useful intelligence - information which is used by UK officers to inform live investigations or help build an intelligence picture of an individual or group.

Research carried out by CT Policing suggests that while more than 80% of people are motivated to report suspicious activity or behaviour, many are unclear exactly what they should be looking for.

The second phase of the ‘ACT –Action Counters Terrorism’ from CT Policing aims to educate the public about terrorist attack planning and reinforce the message that any piece of information, no matter how small, could make the difference between a lethal attack or a successful disruption.

“Like other criminals, terrorists need to plan and that creates opportunities for police and the security services to discover and stop these attacks before they happen” added ACSO Basu.

“But we need your help to exploit these opportunities, so if you see or hear something unusual or suspicious trust your instincts and ACT by reporting it in confidence by phone or online.

More information about the ACT campaign and information from the local North East Counter Terrorism Unit is available at northeastctu.police.uk

Posted on 9 April 2018 at 03:18pm in News stories
