```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-03T13:53:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The teenager from York, who cannot be named for legal reasons due to his age, attacked the 15-year-old girl at an address in the city. The incident took place in the summer of 2015 and the offender is now 17. When the victim reported it to police, the boy denied the offence during interviews and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Teenage rapist detained in young offender&#039;s institution - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rapist-sentenced/
title: Teenage rapist detained in young offender's institution
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rapist-sentenced/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A boy who was 15 when he raped a girl in York has today been sentenced to three years in a young offender’s institution.

The teenager from York, who cannot be named for legal reasons due to his age, attacked the 15-year-old girl at an address in the city.

The incident took place in the summer of 2015 and the offender is now 17.

When the victim reported it to police, the boy denied the offence during interviews and pleaded not guilty at court.

However, he was found guilty of one count of rape following a trial at York Crown Court in January 2017 and sentenced today.

During the trial the jury heard that forensic reports contradicted his version of events.

As well as being sentenced to three years at a young offender's institution, he was given a restraining order to stay away from the victim and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders' Register for the rest of his life.

After sentencing, Detective Sergeant Matthew Wilkinson, of York’s Serious Crime Team, said: “This case is particularly harrowing not only due to the young age of the victim, but also the age of the offender.

“Specially-trained officers have given the victim close support throughout this investigation. But nobody should have to start their adult life trying to deal with the trauma of this offence.

“I’d like to thank her for having the courage speak to police in the first place, and for working with us to bring about a successful conviction.”

Posted on 3 March 2017 at 01:53pm in News stories
