```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T14:02:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-12T14:01:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information to a Theft of Mobile Phones that occurred in Skipton on 22 November 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft from Carphone Warehouse Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-carphone-warehouse-skipton/
title: Theft from Carphone Warehouse Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-carphone-warehouse-skipton/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 02:02pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information to a Theft of Mobile Phones that occurred in Skipton on 22 November 2015.

At approximately 1600hrs on 22 November 2015 , two men stole three Apple iPhones from the Carphone Warehouse on Water Sreet Skipton and ran out of the store along towards the High Street. The mobile phones are iPhone 6 models, Valued at £650 each. The phones were stolen with the brackets and security devices attached and if anyone is offered these phones they should be aware they have been blocked and the IMEI numbers recorded with relevant agencies.

The offender entering the shop and removing the phones is described as a white male aged between 25 - 30 wearing a black shell suit zipped to the neck, and white dirty trainers. He is described as 5'5 - 5'6 , slim build, balding with ginger stubble on face and head. His accomplice is described as a white male, approx. 6′ tall, slim build , wearing a grey hooded top with the hood worn up.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150207712.

12 June 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150207712

Posted on 12 June 2015 at 02:01pm in News stories
