```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-05T13:19:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at Whin Bank, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorbikes stolen in burglary at Whin Bank, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-motorbikes-stolen-in-burglary-at-whin-bank-scarborough/
title: Appeal after motorbikes stolen in burglary at Whin Bank, Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-motorbikes-stolen-in-burglary-at-whin-bank-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred at Whin Bank, Scarborough.

It happened between midnight and 06.40 hours on 24/02/2015.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about A SHERCO off road trials bike, 250cc, 2007 model, which is mainly blue with streaks of yellow and silver and patches of red.

A GAS GAS TXT off road trials bike, 300cc, 2007 model, which is red and black in colour.

Also stolen was

- Two thatcham heavy duty bike locks.

- Two motorcycle helmets, one a Sparda helmet in black, the second being a Wulf helmet in white.

-- Two pairs of off road motorcycle boots, one pair being a brown pair of Wulf motorcycle boots, size 11, the other pair being silver and black, possibly Exo make, size 10 or 11, with a red badge on the front of each boot.

- Around 6 different bottles of oil including gearbox oil, fork oil, two stroke engine oil, four stroke engine oil.

- A red/orange/pink rucksack, which was dirty and covered in mud.

The suspects will have needed a vehicle to transport their stolen property and police are appealing for anyone who saw any suspicious people or vehicles in the Whin Bank area to contact them.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC277 Ryan Lyth. You can also email ryan.lyth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150030677.

5th March 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150030677

Posted on 5 March 2015 at 01:19pm in News stories
