```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-11T13:12:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-11T12:09:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers want to trace the occupants of a grey or silver car as part of their investigation into the collision at the Coniston Hotel, near Skipton, on Friday evening. It drove through the hotel grounds, past the main entrance in the direction of the spa and off-road centre at around 5.20pm on the day of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal to occupants of a second car and other potential witnesses following a fatal collision at Coniston Hotel, Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-skipton/
title: Police appeal to occupants of a second car and other potential witnesses following a fatal collision at Coniston Hotel, Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-skipton/
```

Last modified: 11 February 2020 at 01:12pm

Police investigating a fatal collision at hotel are urging anyone who was near the scene at the time to come forward, including the driver of a second vehicle who may have important information.

Officers want to trace the occupants of a grey or silver car as part of their investigation into the collision at the Coniston Hotel, near Skipton, on Friday evening.

It drove through the hotel grounds, past the main entrance in the direction of the spa and off-road centre at around 5.20pm on the day of the incident.

Police also want to hear from any pedestrians who were in the carpark or entering or leaving the hotel’s main entrance around the same time.

They want anyone who was in the area of the hotel entrance and saw either a female pedestrian with blonde hair wearing a light-coloured coat or a green Range Rover driving away from the hotel entrance to get in touch.

Traffic Sergeant Mark Patterson, of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Collision Investigation Team, said: “Today we’re appealing to trace anyone who was in the vicinity of the incident at around 5.20pm, whether they were on foot or in a vehicle.

"We’re particularly keen to talk to the occupants of the silver or grey car, as they could have key information.

“During a collision investigation, information that may seem unimportant to the public can actually be very valuable.

“So we’d urge anyone who attended the Coniston Hotel on Friday to think hard about where they were around the time of the incident. Even small details could help our investigation.”

On Sunday, North Yorkshire Police named Judith Barbara Wadsworth, 66, of Baildon as the pedestrian who died in the collision with a Range Rover.

The driver – a man in his 60s – was arrested and later released under investigation while police enquiries continue.

In a statement, Mrs Wadsworth’s family described her as a “beautiful selfless person” and a “devoted wife, mother and grandmother who will be missed by everyone who knew her”.

Mrs Wadsworth’s family is currently being supported by specially-trained officers from North Yorkshire Police.

Anyone who may have witnessed the moments leading up to the incident, or the incident itself, or was in the vicinity at the time, should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Emma Drummond or Mark Patterson.

You can also email the Major Collision Investigation Team at MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12200022021 when sharing information.

Posted on 11 February 2020 at 12:09pm in News stories
