```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-20T16:15:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Adrian Joseph Rennie, 29, of York was jailed on Friday 20 July 2018 after pleading guilty to multiple child sex offences following a trial at York Crown Court. Rennie, who is already serving a ten year prison sentence for previous sexual offences against children, pleaded guilty to six charges of raping boys and 14 charges\_of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Andrew-Joseph-Rennie-13-04-1989.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York man jailed for historic child sexual abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-man-jailed-for-historic-child-sexual-abuse/
title: York man jailed for historic child sexual abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-man-jailed-for-historic-child-sexual-abuse/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

A York man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison plus an additional five years on licence for non-recent child sex offences

Adrian Joseph Rennie, 29, of York was jailed on Friday 20 July 2018 after pleading guilty to multiple child sex offences following a trial at York Crown Court.

Rennie, who is already serving a ten year prison sentence for previous sexual offences against children, pleaded guilty to six charges of raping boys and 14 charges of causing or inciting boys under 13 to engage in sexual activity.

The investigation into the crimes, for which Rennie was sentenced today, was conducted by North Yorkshire Police’s York Serious Crime Team based at Fulford over a period of three and a half years.

It involved specialist officers in addition to Child Intermediaries and other agencies to gather the evidence culminating in today’s sentence.

Following sentencing, a spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police, said:

‘Adrian Rennie has today been sentenced for his grave sexual offences against children. Rennie is a cunning and predatory paedophile who has offended against male and female children.

“However, all of his cunning came to nought when victim after victim came forward, each taking strength from the other to unmask a chain of offending totalling approximately sevem years.

“I would pay tribute not only to those brave children, but also to their families who have cared for and supported their loved ones so well.

“There was a stark contrast in court between the cowardly and shameful behaviour of Rennie, who targeted the most vulnerable, and the courage and dignity shown by the families, there to see justice done.”

“North Yorkshire Police would particularly like to thank the Independent Sexual Violence Advisors for their care and assistance to the victims and their families.

“They have been outstanding in guiding them through the investigation and court process as well as providing support and counselling.

“Court attendance can be distressing for victims and witnesses and we would also like to thank the volunteers in Witness Support, who do so much to in their free time to help and reassure them.”

**If you are a victim of a sexual offence**

Child sexual abuse is a foremost priority for North Yorkshire Police and all reports will be fully investigated.

If you are a victim of a sexual offence, it doesn’t matter when the abuse happened, whether it’s happening now or occurred 50 years ago. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available.

Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

North Yorkshire Police appreciates that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

To report a sexual crime to the police call 101.

 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

Posted on 20 July 2018 at 05:15pm in News stories
