```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-15T14:35:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-15T14:12:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on the junction of Aberdeen Walk near Clinton Cards in Scarborough at around half past midnight on Saturday 21 July 2018. Two women, who\_had attended the Pete Tong concert earlier on in the evening,\_were approached by a female who they believed to be pregnant asking for assistance. An altercation then took place whereby [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault and theft of iPhone in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-and-theft-of-iphone-in-scarborough/
title: Appeal following assault and theft of iPhone in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-and-theft-of-iphone-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 15 August 2018 at 03:35pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault and theft that occurred in Scarborough Town Centre.

It happened on the junction of Aberdeen Walk near Clinton Cards in Scarborough at around half past midnight on Saturday 21 July 2018.

Two women, who had attended the Pete Tong concert earlier on in the evening, were approached by a female who they believed to be pregnant asking for assistance. An altercation then took place whereby all three females ended up on the ground. One of the females then realised her white iPhone mobile phone had been stolen.

The female, who was believed to be pregnant, ran away down the side of the Post Office.

A 35 year-old local woman been arrested in connection with this incident and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, they are appealing for information about the female who ran away who is described as her late 20s to early 30s, around 5ft 8ins tall with frizzy ginger, blonde medium length hair which was tied back. She was wearing grey jogging bottoms and carrying a Mickey Mouse shopping bag.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nadine Evans. You can also email Nadine.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180132603.

Contact details:
 Nadine Evans \- #0028
Nadine.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643251
Incident reference:
 12180132603
Posted on 15 August 2018 at 03:12pm in Local appeals
