```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:43:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-18T10:14:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident where damage was caused to the window of a bus in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following criminal damage in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-criminal-damage-scarborough-2/
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-criminal-damage-scarborough-2/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:43am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an incident where damage was caused to the window of a bus in Scarborough.

Shortly after 4pm on 13 January 2017, an EYMS bus was travelling along Falsgrave Road, Scarborough, when one of the windows was shattered by an object that left a small circular hole.

The driver of the bus saw three young men in the area, all aged 12-13 years old, who appeared to have thrown something at the bus. Thankfully no one was injured in the incident.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the three young men seen at the time.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation, should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Neighbourhood Service Desk. You can also email 'snservicedesksnsd@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk'

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170007534

Contact details:
 shannon stanton \- #0078
snservicedesksnsd@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | FCR - 101
Incident reference:
 12170007534
Posted on 18 January 2017 at 10:14am in Local appeals
