```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-26T12:26:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police has vowed to continue the fight against drink and drug driving after making more than 100 arrests during their annual festive crackdown.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Drink drive crackdown far from over warn police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-crackdown-far-from-over-warn-police/
title: Drink drive crackdown far from over warn police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-crackdown-far-from-over-warn-police/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police has vowed to continue the fight against drink and drug driving after making more than 100 arrests during their annual festive crackdown.

Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "I am extremely frustrated that over 100 people in December thought it was acceptable to put lives at risk by getting behind the wheel while suspected of being under the influence of drink or drugs.

"I find it staggering that, despite repeated warnings and well documented tragedies caused by drink and drug driving, there are still people out there who ignore the dangers.

"It is not just people with criminal backgrounds who are breaking the law in this way, it is members of our communities who really should know better.

"People need to know that there is absolutely no excuse for drink or drug driving and if you are caught you will be treated like any other criminal and put before the courts."

Mr Madgwick warned that there will be no let up from officers looking out for drink and drug drivers on North Yorkshire's roads and urged the public to join the fight against people driving while over the legal limit.

He added: "If people think that we only arrest drink and drug drivers during our Christmas or summer campaigns, they've got another think coming.

"We arrested over 1000 people on suspicion of drink or drug driving in 2014, which goes to show that this is a year-round effort which will continue relentlessly until the message gets across.

"I am urging the communities of North Yorkshire to join us in the fight against drink and drug driving by reporting anyone they suspect of getting behind the wheel while impaired.

"Our residents have always been a great help when we make public appeals to catch criminals and this is no different. Please get in touch if you have any information that can help us get a drink or drug driver off the road."

Anyone with information about a suspected drink or drug driver should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and speak to the Force Control Room.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Of the 103 people arrested during December, 61 of those have been charged to court.

**8 January 2015**

Posted on 26 January 2016 at 12:26pm in News stories
