```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-12T10:26:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-12T10:14:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The force\u2019s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit was launched in York two years ago in partnership with Askham Bryan College and the force is now looking for another 10 cadets to join the ranks. Prospective cadets must be aged 14 \u2013 16 and live or study in the York area. Training nights take place [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/03/cadets-desk.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York Volunteer Police Cadet unit is recruiting - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-recruiting/
title: York Volunteer Police Cadet unit is recruiting
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-recruiting/
```

Last modified: 12 June 2017 at 10:26am

North Yorkshire Police is now recruiting the next intake of Volunteer Police Cadets for their York unit.

The force’s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit was launched in York two years ago in partnership with Askham Bryan College and the force is now looking for another 10 cadets to join the ranks.

Prospective cadets must be aged 14 – 16 and live or study in the York area.

Training nights take place at Askham Bryan College during term time where the cadets will learn about policing duties, policing skills and basic law, as well as taking part in physical activity and drill.

Natasha Almond, Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager, said: “This is a great opportunity for young people in the York area to do something different and help their local community at the same time.

“Cadet nights are great fun as well as providing worthwhile activities that support policing in North Yorkshire. Our existing cadets have had a great two years and now that some have reached 18 and are moving on, we’re inviting more young people to come and join in and experience the exciting opportunities it has to offer.”

The aim of the cadet scheme is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship and increase self-esteem and confidence. It also helps to promote a practical understanding of policing among young people and aims to inspire them to participate positively in their communities.

VPC Lauren Partridge of York cadet unit, said “I have really enjoyed my time in the cadets. It’s been a great experience and I am glad I have been part of it. I’ve learned so much and met some amazing people and have a greater appreciation of the work the police do.

“I would definitely recommend cadets to everyone, especially if you want a career in the police. But even if not, it’s a great opportunity to gain new skills and experience.”

VPC James Allerton added: “I’ve really enjoyed cadets as we get up to all kinds of interesting things. I would recommend it because you will learn new skills and get a lot out of it.”

In addition to their weekly training nights, cadets will be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

After the first three months of initial training, cadets will take their oath at a passing out ceremony attended by family and friends.

Cadets will be issued with a uniform but must provide their own black shoes.

For more information and to apply, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

In 2016, North Yorkshire Police opened a second Volunteer Police Cadet unit in Scarborough and are set to open a third in Catterick in September. Recruitment for the Catterick unit is ongoing.

Posted on 12 June 2017 at 10:14am in News stories
