```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-23T15:43:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-23T14:35:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Enhancing their recently launched\_ \u2018Take Five North Yorkshire\u2019 fraud awareness campaign, the ambitious plan will see a team of dedicated Officers, PCSOs and Volunteers visit each of 16 neighbourhood policing areas before the end of the year to deliver a roadshow of fraud prevention talks and events. The full list of dates for will be [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/Barclays-Bank-event-18.05.18-2-1024x576.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police announces ambition to visit every community in the county in its fight against fraud - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-announces-ambition-to-visit-every-community-in-the-county-in-its-fight-against-fraud/
title: North Yorkshire Police announces ambition to visit every community in the county in its fight against fraud
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-announces-ambition-to-visit-every-community-in-the-county-in-its-fight-against-fraud/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2018 at 04:43pm

North Yorkshire Police has today announced its ambition to visit every part of the county in its fight against fraud with the launch of a new roadshow.

Enhancing their recently launched ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ fraud awareness campaign, the ambitious plan will see a team of dedicated Officers, PCSOs and Volunteers visit each of 16 neighbourhood policing areas before the end of the year to deliver a roadshow of fraud prevention talks and events. The full list of dates for will be announced shortly.

As part of the roadshow North Yorkshire Police is extending the invitation to community groups, services and other organisations, in particularly those that support the elderly and vulnerable, to request for a representative from the force to visit and deliver a fraud prevention session and answer any questions.

Commenting on the roadshows Detective Inspector Jon Hodgeon, Head of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Fraud and Economic Crime Unit said:

“Tackling fraud and protecting the most vulnerable people in our society is a key priority for North Yorkshire Police.

“Whilst these heartless fraudsters are becoming more and more sophisticated in the way that they deceive people, it only takes a few simple preventative measures to stay safe and protect those that you care about.

“By going into the heart of our communities with our roadshow, we can take fraud prevention advice direct to members of the public, and especially those who are most at risk and are vulnerable.

“We hope that community groups, services and organisations in the county will consider our invitation to pay them a visit.

“Depending on demand we will endeavour to visit as many of these groups and organisations as is possible.”

If you would like to request for a visit from North Yorkshire Police, please contact corporatecommunications@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please provide:

 * Name and position of visit organiser
 * Full name of group / organisation
 * Full address of group / organisation
 * Email address of visit organiser
 * Contact number of visit organiser
 * Number of people you'd like us to speak to
 * Age range of audience

More details about the ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ campaign and advice on how to keep safe from fraud can be found at northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud

**If you are a victim of fraud**

If you believe you have been a victim of fraud, call North Yorkshire Police on 101 or report it to Action Fraud by visiting actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040. In an emergency or if a crime is in action dial 999.

If you have any information regarding those responsible for such crimes, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org.

Pictured: Police Community Support Officer Julian Ward of York's Safer Neighbourhood Team and Ella Jessop of North Yorkshire Police's Economic Crime Unit join forces with staff at Barclays Bank to provide customers with fraud prevention advice.

Posted on 23 May 2018 at 03:35pm in News stories
