```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-12T07:59:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police, working in partnership with the Selby District Equality Network and Selby District AVS, will launch the initiative, called Equality for Everyone, on Monday 14 October. Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Martin Wedgwood said: \u201CWe are keen to create an easily accessible vehicle for support, providing a choice of people to contact with concerns and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Equality initiative launched in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/equality-initiative-launched-in-selby/
title: Equality initiative launched in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/equality-initiative-launched-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 12 October 2019 at 08:59am

Police in Selby are set to launch a new initiative to improve the reporting of incidents and crimes directed against people with ‘protected characteristics’.

North Yorkshire Police, working in partnership with the Selby District Equality Network and Selby District AVS, will launch the initiative, called Equality for Everyone, on Monday 14 October.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Martin Wedgwood said: “We are keen to create an easily accessible vehicle for support, providing a choice of people to contact with concerns and issues in the Selby district.

“To make the area a better place to live, work and visit for communities that are sometimes harder for the police service to reach, we want to encourage victims of such incidents to inform one of our dedicated Equality Champions.

“We have identified a total of ten Equality Champions, who are individuals that are truly passionate about this initiative and who all want to make Selby a more pleasant place to live, work and visit.”

Amongst the chosen ten there are three police officers, however the remaining seven are community representatives and are not directly affiliated to North Yorkshire Police. They are committed to providing the time to discuss circumstances and will be in a position to provide support from a whole host of dedicated organisations.

Insp Wedgwood added: “If the caller is willing, there is also a streamlined means of having the circumstances documented with North Yorkshire Police which, in circumstances where an offence is identified, an investigation can be instigated. That said the focus here is on the victim who we recognise that we have to support and protect.

“Legislation classifies protected characteristics as disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity. But here in the Selby district we want to hear from people who feel that they have been victimised for anything that would be considered to be against their own personal equality. This will provide us with a fuller picture of the true circumstances in the town and surrounding villages, allowing us to concentrate on tackling the issues identified directly.”

Crimes that victims may recognise include verbal abuse, intimidation, threats, harassment, assault and bullying, as well as damage to property. That said, any concerns or information that may assist the local police, regardless of whether it constitutes a crime or not, is of interest.

Please note that if you are in immediate danger you should call 999. This initiative is also not to replace your right to report incidents direct to North Yorkshire Police by ringing 101 for all non-emergency enquiries.

Posted on 12 October 2019 at 08:59am in News stories
