```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-23T08:48:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-18T13:14:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: He has been on his Neighbourhood Policing team approximately three years but has a strong history in Neighbourhood Policing. With summer fast approaching, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area. Burglary Although York Outer does not experience a high rate of burglary, this crime is something that is mentioned by [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Inspector-Lee-Pointon.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Lee Pointon: quarterly update on local policing in outer York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-lee-pointon-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-outer-york/
title: 'Inspector Lee Pointon: quarterly update on local policing in outer York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-lee-pointon-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-outer-york/
```

Last modified: 23 April 2019 at 09:48am

Lee is the Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for York Outer. He has served with North Yorkshire Police for nearly 22 years including roles with safer neighbourhoods, response and the Force Control Room.

He has been on his Neighbourhood Policing team approximately three years but has a strong history in Neighbourhood Policing. With summer fast approaching, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area.

**Burglary**

Although York Outer does not experience a high rate of burglary, this crime is something that is mentioned by all concerned residents at meetings I attend, and is a key priority for our team. Alongside targeting burglary hotspots with high-visibility patrols, we have been supporting and running various initiatives to prevent and combat burglaries in our area. We have invested in top of the range ‘Dot peen’ property marking machines and offer it as a free service to York residents. Dot peen marking is suitable for everything from bikes and garden tools to games consoles and laptop computers and helps us to recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals. To find out more information on property marking or fill out the York property marking registration form visit the dot peen property marking page.

We also run Operation Joypad which involves doing sporadic checks on residents house door handles and providing crime prevention advice to the public on those doors left open at night or when the property is empty. We also work with retailers in York to provide 10% off security devices such as locks and alarms. We tend to undertake this initiative when the nights get lighter (and conversely when the clocks go forward).

**Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB)**

Like with burglaries, York Outer faces a challenge with ASB, predominantly during the summer months. Our team regularly patrol renowned anti-social behaviour hot spots with the aim of breaking up large groups of youths, preventing anti-social behaviour and reassuring the public who are affected by it. The team often use proactive measures such as ensuring dispersal authorities, which are authorised at Inspector level or above, are in place. This allows us to move on (or detain until parents collect in the case of juveniles) anyone committing or likely to commit ASB. This is a powerful tool which is used well by the team.

In 2019 we will be using community messaging more proactively and will be encouraging parents to do their bit in preventing their children from committing ASB so we all play out part in preventing this. You can find out how to sign up to this completely free of charge service on our website. **
**

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website at northyorksire.police.uk

**Get in touch**

If you need to speak to a member of the team our opening hours at our three police stations are:

 * Athena House | Athena House, Kettlestring Lane, Clifton Moor, York YO30 4XF | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Not open to the public

 * Fulford Road Police Station | Fulford Road, York, YO10 4BY | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13271 | Opening hours: Monday to Sunday — 8am - 8pm

 * Acomb Police Station | Acomb Road, York YO24 4HA | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Monday — 10am - 12pm, Tuesday — 2pm - 4pm, Wednesday — 6pm - 8pm, Thursday — 6pm - 8pm, Friday — 2pm - 4pm, Saturday — 10am - 12pm

Always dial 999 if you are in danger or in an emergency.

Posted on 18 April 2019 at 02:14pm in News stories
