```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-02T15:59:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-02T15:51:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At around 3am, North Yorkshire Police received a report that a black Audi Q7 had just been stolen from a driveway on Water End in York. Offenders had entered the victim\u2019s home by smashing a ground floor window to get the vehicle\u2019s car keys before driving off in the car. Officers were immediately deployed to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Suspected \u20182 in 1\u2019 burglars arrested following police pursuit - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-2-in-1-burglars-arrested-following-police-pursuit/
title: "Suspected \u20182 in 1\u2019 burglars arrested following police pursuit"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-2-in-1-burglars-arrested-following-police-pursuit/
```

Last modified: 2 December 2020 at 03:59pm

Two men have been arrested following the pursuit of a stolen car in the early hours of this morning (2 December 2020).

At around 3am, North Yorkshire Police received a report that a black Audi Q7 had just been stolen from a driveway on Water End in York.

Offenders had entered the victim’s home by smashing a ground floor window to get the vehicle’s car keys before driving off in the car.

Officers were immediately deployed to the area and the stolen vehicle was sighted shortly after on the A59 heading in the direction of York.

The car failed to stop for officers and drove at speeds through York City Centre.

Shortly after, two York men, aged 26 and 29, were arrested following enquiries and taken into police custody where they remain for questioning.

Anyone with information, including any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell-camera footage that may have captured something, is asked to email _InvestigationHubYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk _or contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote North Yorkshire Police reference numbers 12200214675 when providing information.

**How to protect your home and car from car key ‘2 in 1’ burglars**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will often target the owners of high-value vehicles; ‘cruising’ around residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit their security and get to their keys.

Whilst burglaries of this nature are uncommon in North Yorkshire, it is important that vehicle and home owners take simple prevention methods to deter potential thieves.

The more difficult you make it for them; the less likely they are to bother. Here are ten ways you can protect both your car and home from being targeted.

Posted on 2 December 2020 at 03:51pm in Burglary, News stories
