```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-29T14:51:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-29T14:42:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers in York and North Yorkshire have issued 126 fines to people breaching the coronavirus regulations between 13 May &#8211; when the restrictions were eased &#8211; and 27 May. Since some restrictions were eased, the vast majority of fines have been issued for restrictions on gathering \u2013 where people from more than two households have [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Thank you to the people of North Yorkshire as latest coronavirus fine figures show more than half issued to visitors - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thank-you-to-the-people-of-north-yorkshire-as-latest-coronavirus-fine-figures-show-more-than-half-issued-to-visitors/
title: Thank you to the people of North Yorkshire as latest coronavirus fine figures show more than half issued to visitors
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thank-you-to-the-people-of-north-yorkshire-as-latest-coronavirus-fine-figures-show-more-than-half-issued-to-visitors/
```

Last modified: 29 May 2020 at 03:51pm

Police in North Yorkshire have thanked local people for their efforts in helping to control the spread of coronavirus as the latest enforcement figures are released.

#### Officers in York and North Yorkshire have issued 126 fines to people breaching the coronavirus regulations between 13 May - when the restrictions were eased - and 27 May.

####

#### Since some restrictions were eased, the vast majority of fines have been issued for restrictions on gathering – where people from more than two households have gathered in public places.

####

#### Since 13 May, the total number of fines issued for gathering offences is 95, the total for movement offences is 26, and four have been issued for contravening a direction. Over half have been issued to people from outside of the county.

####

#### This brings the total fines issued across York and North Yorkshire to over 1,000 since the regulations were introduced on 26 March.

####

#### Superintendent Charlotte Bloxham, North Yorkshire Police’s silver commander for the response to Covid-19, said: “The overarching aim of the police response has always been to keep people as safe as possible, and encourage them to follow the regulations, reducing the transmission of the virus and protecting lives.

####

#### “We will continue to play our part and are grateful for all of the support and positive engagement we have had from members of the public as we police what has been, and continues to be, a fast-moving situation.

####

#### “We know the vast majority of people will continue to act responsibly and we thank them for their continued efforts over the past two months. As we continue to enjoy a little bit more freedom to meet up with other people, we still need to keep in mind that although some restrictions have been eased, the virus has not gone away and can still be transmitted, so please remember what’s at the heart of these rules, and that’s protecting the lives of your family and friends.

####

#### “We will continue to engage with members of the public, explain the regulations and encourage people to adhere to them, using enforcement as a last resort.”

#### ****

#### **Road safety**

####

#### Despite roads getting busier, officers are detecting a significant number of extremely high speeds and have warned that someone will be killed if it continues.

####

#### Police have intensified their response to speeding and other motoring offences in communities, rural roads and main routes across the county.

####

#### Supt Bloxham added: “Road safety continues to be a major priority and now that we are seeing more traffic on the roads, we will continue our high-visibility police presence on the roads this weekend after recording speeds of up to 133mph in North Yorkshire this week.”

####

#### Roads Policing officers and the Safety Camera Van fleet will be out in force.

####

#### This week, one motorist was clocked at 133mph on the A64. Police also recorded 106mph in a 60mph zone in Selby.

####

#### On Tuesday in the York area alone, 120 motoring offences were enforced by police.

####

#### And last weekend, police deployed to the B6479 in the Yorkshire Dales dealt with 50 road offences in just one-and-a-half hours.

**Breakdown of fines under the coronavirus regulations 13 May – 27 May**

**Local Authority Area where Notice Issued**

**Notices Issued**

**Local Residents**

**Visitors**

**M**

**F**

**Average Age**

**Movement**

**Gathering**

**Craven**

4

2

2

3

1

25.5

4

**Hambleton**

1

0

1

1

0

35

1

**Harrogate**

5

2

3

3

2

23.4

5

**Richmond**

10

0

10

6

4

25.6

2

8

**Ryedale**

6

6

0

5

1

19.3

6

**Scarborough**

84

49

35

60

24

32.3

16

68

**Selby**

11

0

11

10

1

24.1

4

5

**York**

5

3

2

3

2

30.8

3

**TOTALS**

126

62

64

91

35

27

95

**Total fines since the regulations came into force**

Local Authority Area where Notice Issued Notices Issued Local Residents Visitors M F Average Age Movement Gathering
Craven 202 9 193 179 23 27.3 156 46
Hambleton 82 26 56 62 20 30.5 69 3
Harrogate 69 22 47 54 15 32.8 57 10
Richmond 54 9 45 40 14 26.1 35 19
Ryedale 27 15 12 20 7 33.3 17 6
Scarborough 369 205 164 274 95 33 243 122
Selby 87 24 63 73 14 30 59 18
York 186 154 32 147 39 32.1 120 48
TOTALS 1076 464 612 849 227 756 272

Posted on 29 May 2020 at 03:42pm in News stories
