```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-04T11:25:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-04T10:06:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Safer Internet Day 2019 takes place tomorrow to promote the safe, responsible and positive use of digital technology by children and young people. North Yorkshire Police is supporting young people, parents and schools by delivering key internet safety messages, mainly in school settings. A number of activities are going on across the county. Officers investigate [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Students across North Yorkshire get advice about staying safe online - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/students-across-north-yorkshire-get-advice-about-staying-safe-online/
title: Students across North Yorkshire get advice about staying safe online
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/students-across-north-yorkshire-get-advice-about-staying-safe-online/
```

Last modified: 4 February 2019 at 11:25am

Young people across North Yorkshire are getting advice from the police as part of a nationwide push to keep people safe online.

Safer Internet Day 2019 takes place tomorrow to promote the safe, responsible and positive use of digital technology by children and young people.

North Yorkshire Police is supporting young people, parents and schools by delivering key internet safety messages, mainly in school settings. A number of activities are going on across the county.

Officers investigate many different types of online offences and say it’s a good opportunity for parents as well as children to gain a better knowledge of online safety.

Sergeant Neil Northend, who oversees youth engagement for North Yorkshire Police, said: “Raising knowledge and awareness to children and their parents is important. Parents need to be fully aware of what their child and friends are doing whilst online - by using social media, video streaming or online gaming.

“Just checking regularly what they are doing, who they are speaking to, plus having those supportive conversations can really help. Staying safe online is paramount and that is why we’re taking part in the day and it is part of our ongoing work by working with schools and parent to help keep our young people safe from harm.”

In Harrogate and Craven, school liaison officer Paul Stephenson is delivering key internet safety talks to schools such as Aspin Park Academy, Knaresborough. This is part of ongoing internet and online safeguarding sessions being delivered routinely by the police which included a cyber safety day on 30 January held at Upper Wharfedale School, Grassington.

In York PCSO Laura Harper has been involved in promoting internet safety last week and this week across the city to around 800 young people in both primary and secondary schools, plus parents. This will cover youth-produced sexual imagery (sexting), staying safe online and parental intent safety awareness sessions.

In Hambleton, school liaison officer PC Andy Collinson is attending Easingwold High School and speaking to 700 students across the year groups about internet safety, sexting and grooming.

PC Collinson is also presenting to parents in the evening to help increase their knowledge of risks relating to use of digital technology.

Time has also been set aside for a drop-in surgery where students can come and ask questions or raise concerns away from their peers. PC Collinson is working with staff from the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, including PCSO Nicki Pounder.

In Scarborough and Ryedale a number of events have been arranged with local PCSOs visiting primary and secondary schools and Scarborough University Technical College where they will present internet safety sessions.

North Yorkshire Youth Commission members will also be doing a 'social media takeover’, raising awareness around internet safety as part of their ‘peer on peer’ work to help keep young people safe.

To find out more about Safer Internet Day or pick up tips about online safety, visit https://www.saferinternet.org.uk/safer-internet-day/2019

The site also contains resource packs for teachers and parents.

Posted on 4 February 2019 at 10:06am in News stories
