```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-06T16:53:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-06T16:46:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Clifford Honeyman, 42, and Andrew Stevenson, 39, (pictured below) inflicted catastrophic injuries on Richard Walker during the sustained attack that killed him. \_ After they were sentenced at Leeds Crown Court today, Mr Walker\u2019s family described it as \u201Can act of pure evil\u201D. Stevenson was told by a judge he will serve at least 28 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/04/Clifford-Honeyman-230974-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two men jailed for life for murder of Richard Walker - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-jailed/
title: Two men jailed for life for murder of Richard Walker
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-jailed/
```

Last modified: 6 April 2017 at 04:53pm

Two men who beat a 50-year-old man to death in a flat in Scarborough have been jailed life for his murder.

Clifford Honeyman, 42, and Andrew Stevenson, 39, (pictured below) inflicted catastrophic injuries on Richard Walker during the sustained attack that killed him.

After they were sentenced at Leeds Crown Court today, Mr Walker’s family described it as “an act of pure evil”.

Stevenson was told by a judge he will serve at least 28 years before he can be eligible for release. Honeyman will serve a minimum of 25 years in jail.

Both denied murder but following a lengthy trial which heard that the attack was very violent, prolonged and totally unnecessary, a jury today found them both guilty. They were sentenced almost immediately.

A third man, 55-year-old Steven Atkinson, also of no fixed address, was also jailed for ten years for robbing another man with Stevenson and Honeyman.

Following the sentencing, Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn of the Major Investigation Team said: "I am very pleased with the sentence passed as it reflects the extremely violent and totally unnecessary manner in which Richard Walker died.

"The family have had to endure a three-week trial in which they have listened to the catastrophic injuries suffered by Richard at the hands of Stevenson and Honeyman, two violent individuals.

"The family have acted with the utmost dignity and it makes all the hard work and effort of the team worthwhile to at least provide them with some justice.

"The conviction of Stevenson, Honeyman and Atkinson for robbery and the evidence gathered showed these men had a complete disregard for the vulnerability for their victim.

"This has been a difficult investigation as the evidence has not been easy to obtain from those in the community who live similar chaotic lifestyles as Richard and the defendants in this case.

"We do thank the public for their help and support in this case and I also wish to thank the excellent service we have been given by our forensic and pathology experts who spent days at the scene of Richard’s murder, meticulously searching for the evidence, and in the manner it was then presented. I’d also like to acknowledge the prosecution barrister and his team for the way they presented their evidence."

Also after the sentencing, Mr Walker’s family called his murder “an act of pure evil” but said justice had prevailed.

They said in a written statement: “Our family feels a huge sense of relief at the guilty verdict the jury has delivered in this trial.

“Richard’s murder was a callous and unnecessary act of pure evil. Sitting through the trial every day has been an unbelievably harrowing experience that we will never forget.

“Over the past five months our family has witnessed the best and worse in people and we would like to thank everyone who has helped us throughout these months in our journey to find justice for Richard.

“Special thanks go to Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, Detective Constable Gill Hamilton and the whole of the Major Investigation Team.

“It was their dedication and tireless work that made the case and brought it to court. They care enormously about the work they do and we would like to convey our heartfelt thanks to them for their outstanding support.

“Thanks also to Mr John Elvidge QC and his junior, Mr David Lamb, who prosecuted the case. We were very fortunate to have had them prosecuting and owe them a debt of gratitude.

“We would like praise the justice system and extend our gratitude to the jury who have seen through the lies and deceit of these two men whilst enduring the harrowing evidence we have all been subjected to throughout the last three weeks, and ensured they have been held to account for taking Richard from us.

“As a family we would also like to thank our huge safety net of family and friends who have helped and supported us all throughout the last five months.

“Nothing can bring Richard back and our family will never be the same again but we are relieved justice has been done.”

Posted on 6 April 2017 at 04:46pm in News stories
