```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-15T15:31:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On Sunday 21 January, officers from the city&#8217;s Neighbourhood Policing Team will be offering free security marking for bikes, electronics and other valuable items. The service will be available from 1pm to 3pm on Parliament Street, at the cycle rack outside Marks &amp; Spencer. Every year, officers recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Christmas present security opportunity thanks to advent of property marking technology - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-present-security-opportunity-thanks-advent-property-marking-technology/
title: Christmas present security opportunity thanks to advent of property marking technology
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/christmas-present-security-opportunity-thanks-advent-property-marking-technology/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

York residents are urged to bring their Christmas presents along to a dot peen property marking session in the city.

On Sunday 21 January, officers from the city's Neighbourhood Policing Team will be offering free security marking for bikes, electronics and other valuable items.

The service will be available from 1pm to 3pm on Parliament Street, at the cycle rack outside Marks & Spencer.

Every year, officers recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals, but all too often there is no way of identifying its rightful owners. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get their property back, but it can also provide evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto a property register database, increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

The technology can be used on electrical devices (such as mobile phones, tablets and laptops), cycles, power tools, equestrian tack, golf clubs, musical instrument cases – and much more besides!

While other methods of property marking, such as UV marker pens or forensically-coded liquid, can also be very effective in reuniting property with its rightful owners, the visual deterrent of a permanently marked serial number alone could be enough to deter would-be thieves.

Dot peen property marking opportunities are publicised on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen, or visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen for more information.

Posted on 15 January 2018 at 03:31pm in News stories
