```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T10:16:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-12T10:15:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are urging race-goers in York to enjoy the event in good spirits, as they unveil the policing plan for this year&#039;s race meetings in the city.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York Police unveil plan to keep race-goers and residents safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-unveil-plan-keep-race-goers-residents-safe/
title: York Police unveil plan to keep race-goers and residents safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-unveil-plan-keep-race-goers-residents-safe/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 10:16am

North Yorkshire Police are urging race-goers in York to enjoy the event in good spirits, as they unveil the policing plan for this year's race meetings in the city.

On race days, extra police will be on duty in the area around York Racecourse to provide a reassuring presence for both race-goers and local residents. They will be supported by Special Constables, volunteer officers with full police powers who give up their own time to support the policing operation. Officers will conduct high-visibility patrols both on foot and on cycle for the duration of the races, until the crowds have dispersed.

A preferred pedestrian route into the city centre will be signposted for race-goers who choose to walk rather than use the bus service. The route will divert pedestrians away from residential properties, across the grassed areas adjacent to Knavesmire Crescent and Albemarle Road, onto Albemarle Road opposite the allotments and up onto The Mount. Temporary portable toilets will also be in place on race days at two points along the pedestrian route, and will be clearly signposted.

A temporary road and footpath closure will cover Scarcroft Hill, Telford Terrace and Wentworth Road, and Knavesmire Crescent, and a one-way system will operate from 4pm on Knavesmire Road. Local residents have been kept informed of the closures to ensure they are not unnecessarily inconvenienced by the policing operation.

Sergeant Jacqueline Coultous, of York Police, said: "The vast majority of race-goers in York enjoy their day in good spirits, and our policing operation in previous years has been successful in reducing disruption to residents. However, we will deal appropriately and robustly with any irresponsible or anti-social behaviour.

"Our policing operation has been developed in partnership with York Racecourse and local licensees. It is designed to minimise disturbance to local people, and ensure that those who have been at the races and want to enjoy York's nightlife can do so safely."

**12 May 2015**

Posted on 12 May 2015 at 10:15am in News stories
