```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-22T08:53:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Starting this week \u2013 and running over the coming months \u2013 police officers, PCSOs and police volunteers will deploy to areas of the city that have been affected by burglaries in the past, or where residents are particularly concerned about such crimes. The operation starts in Bishopthorpe on Tuesday 22 May 2018, with future deployments [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Operation-Joypad-patrols-in-The-Groves-on-Monday-12-June-2017-1024x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police patrols keep York neighbourhoods safe in the sun - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-patrols-keep-york-neighbourhoods-safe-in-the-sun/
title: Police patrols keep York neighbourhoods safe in the sun
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-patrols-keep-york-neighbourhoods-safe-in-the-sun/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

As the warm weather well and truly arrives, police in York are launching a major crime prevention campaign.

Starting this week – and running over the coming months – police officers, PCSOs and police volunteers will deploy to areas of the city that have been affected by burglaries in the past, or where residents are particularly concerned about such crimes.

The operation starts in Bishopthorpe on Tuesday 22 May 2018, with future deployments due to take place in areas including Copmanthorpe, Dunnington, Osbaldwick, Poppleton, Skelton, Stockton-on-the-Forest, Strensall and Wigginton.

With temperatures due to hit 23°C this weekend, officers are concerned that residents may unwittingly make their homes attractive targets to burglars, by leaving doors and windows open or unlocked.

As part of ‘Operation Joypad’, high-visibility, targeted police patrols will take place, with officers keeping an eye out for vulnerable properties – particularly those that have been left insecure.

Officers will knock on doors to provide bespoke crime prevention advice, encourage people to sign up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system, and offer a free security marking service with a ‘dot peen’ property marking machine.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: “Although York is a very safe city to live, crimes of opportunity do tend to increase during warm summer evenings, as homeowners leave windows and doors open, or spend time in their back gardens.

“By concentrating on areas of the city where burglaries are a concern, we can make the best use of our resources, and keep York a no-go area for sneak-in thieves.

“Our Operation Joypad deployments will ensure that high-visibility police patrols deter criminals in the first place, and remind homeowners of the importance of home security. If you see our officers out and about in your area, please stop to say hello, and take the opportunity to get your valuable property security-marked.”

Follow your local York Neighbourhood Policing Team on social media to keep up-to-date on Operation Joypad events.

Police will be using dot peen security machines to mark items of property, including tablets, phones and cycles, with a permanent number. Visibly-marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide vital evidence to secure prosecutions.

Officers will also be promoting North Yorkshire Community Messaging, a free alert and information service which residents can use to stay informed via text, email or app. To find out more, visit www.nycm.co.uk

Posted on 22 May 2018 at 09:53am in News stories
