```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-20T14:18:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened close to the retail park on Scott Road at approximately 5.35pm on 18 October.\_ It involved three teenagers, all male, who were all on bicycles. Two of the teenagers assaulted the other teenager.\_ \_All three teenagers are from the Selby area. No injuries were caused to the victim, aged 19, during the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-selby/
title: Appeal following assault in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 20 October 2020 at 03:18pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Selby.

The incident happened close to the retail park on Scott Road at approximately 5.35pm on 18 October. It involved three teenagers, all male, who were all on bicycles. Two of the teenagers assaulted the other teenager. All three teenagers are from the Selby area.

No injuries were caused to the victim, aged 19, during the incident.

Two teenage boys, aged 15 and 16 years of age, have been arrested in connection with the incident. They have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone who may have witnessed the assault.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Katie Swift. You can also email katie.swift@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200183065

Date 20th October 2020

***************************************

Road traffic collision appeal

It happened at [time/time frame] on [date] and involved [add basic detail of vehicles and sex/age of drivers/passengers and which town they are from].

[Add in the nature and seriousness of the injuries and that they were taken by ambulance/air ambulance to (name) Hospital. Add in the current condition of the patients or confirm if they were treated and discharged following treatment.] [Confirm any arrests, with sex/age of individuals and say if still in custody or bailed pending further enquiries.]

The stretch of road was closed for [add in number of hours] while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicle(s) to be recovered.

Local diversions were put in place by highways.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about [add in the key points of the appeal].

If you can help, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for [name of officer, not rank]. You can also email [name]@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number [add in Niche or Storm number].

Follow us on Twitter: [add Twitter account information]

Date [XX XXXXXXXX 2018]

Contact details:
 Katie Swift \- #6437
Katie.Swift@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643295
Incident reference:
 12200183065
Posted on 20 October 2020 at 03:18pm in Local appeals
