```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-27T14:37:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Approximately 50 members of the Yorkshire Patriots group took part in the demonstration and march, with around 50 counter-protesters from Unity in attendance. There were no arrests and no incidents to report. Neighbourhood officers, council community workers and other leaders from the community were present throughout the day in Scarborough to keep residents informed and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Community thanked following protests in Scarborough town centre - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-thanked-following-protests-in-scarborough-town-centre/
title: Community thanked following protests in Scarborough town centre
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-thanked-following-protests-in-scarborough-town-centre/
```

Last modified: 27 October 2018 at 03:37pm

North Yorkshire Police and Scarborough Borough Council have thanked residents and business for their patience and support during the demonstrations in Scarborough town centre on Saturday (27 October 2018).

Approximately 50 members of the Yorkshire Patriots group took part in the demonstration and march, with around 50 counter-protesters from Unity in attendance.

There were no arrests and no incidents to report.

Neighbourhood officers, council community workers and other leaders from the community were present throughout the day in Scarborough to keep residents informed and to offer reassurance. Support was also provided by the British Transport Police.

Superintendent Allan Wescott, the police commander for the protest, said: "Together with Scarborough Borough Council and our community partners, we have well-rehearsed plans in place for dealing with this kind of event. The detailed planning that has gone into managing Saturday’s demonstration has ensured it has passed off without significant issue.

"In particular, we are pleased to have minimised disruption for businesses, residents and people shopping in Scarborough town centre.

“We thank the local community for their support, understanding and patience.”

Paul Thompson, who has responsibility for resilience and emergency planning at Scarborough Borough Council, said: “Today has been another good example of how partnership working and good communications before, during and after these kinds of events, pays off.

“We would like to express our thanks to local businesses, residents and those shopping in the town centre today for their patience and understanding throughout the demonstration.”

Posted on 27 October 2018 at 03:37pm in News stories
