```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:39:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-16T10:43:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are investigating a serious sexual assault on a 14-year-old girl in a Harrogate park.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following serious sexual assault in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-harrogate/
title: Appeal following serious sexual assault in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:39pm

Police are investigating a serious sexual assault on a 14-year-old girl in a Harrogate park.

**Update 22 February 2016**

This is a brief update in relation to the sexual assault in Valley Gardens, Harrogate on 16 February 2016.

On Friday 19 February, Police investigating the incident arrested a second man, aged 25 from the Harrogate area.

Both this man and the man arrested on 17 February, remain on police bail while the investigation continues.

**___________________________________________________________________**

**Update 18 February 2016**

This is a brief update in relation to the sex attack in Valley Gardens, Harrogate, in the early hours of 16 February 2016 against a 14-year-old girl.

The man who was arrested in connection with the incident has been released on bail while police enquiries continue.

The investigation remains ongoing and anyone who has any information is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and quote incident number 12160028307.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**___________________________________________________________________**

**Update 17 February 2016**

Police are continuing to seek further information and witnesses in relation to a serious sexual assault which occurred in Harrogate in the early hours of yesterday (Tuesday, 16 February).

A man has been arrested today in connection with the investigation and is currently helping police with their enquiries.

The incident involved a 14-year-old girl in the town's Valley Gardens at around 4am.

The investigation remains at a very early stage, and detectives are continuing to appeal to the public for information.

Detective Chief Inspector Dave Ellis, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "We're continuing to provide specialist support to the victim today.

"I'd like to emphasise that investigations remain ongoing and the public's help is vital, so we'd urge anyone with any information to come forward.

"We realise the incident will cause a great deal of concern in the local community. But I'd like to reassure residents that we are doing everything possible to investigate this incident while providing a strong police presence in the community."

Anyone with information is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and quote incident number 12160028307.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

_______________________________________________________________

The incident took place at around 4am today (16.02.16) in the town's Valley Gardens.

The teenager was grabbed by three men. She was then taken to a wooded area near Harlow Moor Road where she was sexually assaulted.

Police are currently at the scene carrying out extensive investigations and offering the victim support.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson said: "The investigation is still in its early stages and I'd appeal to anyone who might know anything, or saw anything suspicious in the area, to contact the police immediately.

"Enquiries are ongoing and we are doing everything we can to find these men while the victim is being supported by specially-trained officers."

Anyone with information is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and quote incident number NYP16022016-213.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**16 February 2016**

Posted on 16 February 2016 at 10:43am in News stories
