```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-23T11:27:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-23T11:20:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; So far 83 men and 17 women have been arrested for driving under the influence of drink or drugs in our region. This is a 28% increase on the number of arrests made in the first three weeks of the 2015 campaign (78 arrests by 21 June 2015) Nearly a third of the 100 [&hellip;]'
  image: http://s3.thingpic.com/images/Ac/dnErmh4JiyWGa4BqjAvfYtNf.gif#tl-672719534037139457;1043138249&#039;
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Third week of North Yorkshire Police summer drink and drug drive crackdown - 100 arrests made - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/third-week-north-yorkshire-police-summer-drink-drug-drive-crackdown-100-arrests-made/
title: Third week of North Yorkshire Police summer drink and drug drive crackdown - 100 arrests made
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/third-week-north-yorkshire-police-summer-drink-drug-drive-crackdown-100-arrests-made/
```

Last modified: 23 June 2016 at 11:27am

The first three weeks of North Yorkshire Police’s summer drink and drug driving crackdown has seen the force make 100 arrests.

So far 83 men and 17 women have been arrested for driving under the influence of drink or drugs in our region. This is a 28% increase on the number of arrests made in the first three weeks of the 2015 campaign (78 arrests by 21 June 2015)

Nearly a third of the 100 arrests made were for drug driving offences. Of those 31 arrests - 28 were men and 3 were women.

The highest breathalyser reading of the last week was provided by a 28-year-old man from York who blew 108ug – three times the legal limit. He has been charged to appear at court.

One of the most recent cases to be heard at Northallerton Magistrates Court was 52-year-old Stuart Pilkington from Brompton, Northallerton. Arrested on 10 June 2016, Pilkington provided one of the highest breathalyser readings of the campaign to date – 128ug, which is over three and a half times the legal limit. Pilkington pleaded guilty in court and was given a 12 week prison sentenced, suspended for 24 months and disqualified from driving for three years. He was also ordered to pay £200 in related costs and charges.

Commenting on the figures, Sgt Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said:

“As the campaign continues our determination to get dangerous drink and drug drivers off the road is as strong as ever. We’ve now made 100 arrests and with two and half weeks of the campaign still to go, sadly I believe this figure will continue to climb.”

“As the number of arrests already made clearly shows, North Yorkshire Police are out on the roads and we are looking for those who break the law. If you choose to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, we are out there and we will catch you. You will face a court appearance, a hefty fine, a driving ban and the possibility of a prison sentence.”

“Again, I appeal to members of the public that if they have information about anyone who is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass the details to the Force Control Room.

“For those who would prefer to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Your call could save someone’s life.”

Posted on 23 June 2016 at 11:20am in News stories
