```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-25T13:32:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-25T13:28:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The \u201816 days\u2019 campaign which starts today, Wednesday 25 November 2020 (International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women) and runs to Thursday 10 December 2020 (International Human Rights day), aims to raise awareness of the global prevalence of abuse and violence. The campaign looks to encourage people to learn and talk about abuse, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/Spot-the-signs.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police adds their voice to worldwide campaign calling to end abuse and violence - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-adds-their-voice-to-worldwide-campaign-calling-to-end-abuse-and-violence/
title: North Yorkshire Police adds their voice to worldwide campaign calling to end abuse and violence
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-adds-their-voice-to-worldwide-campaign-calling-to-end-abuse-and-violence/
```

Last modified: 25 November 2020 at 01:32pm

North Yorkshire Police are adding their voice to a worldwide campaign which is calling to end abuse and violence.

The ‘16 days’ campaign which starts today, Wednesday 25 November 2020 (International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women) and runs to Thursday 10 December 2020 (International Human Rights day), aims to raise awareness of the global prevalence of abuse and violence. The campaign looks to encourage people to learn and talk about abuse, so it’s easier to identify and therefore easier to stop.

Throughout the campaign, North Yorkshire Police will be sharing information across their social media channels about how to recognise the signs of abuse, the steps that can be taken to end it and what a healthy and unhealthy relationship looks like. Alongside, the force will be providing details of partner agencies and support services who are standing by ready to help victims.

Speaking about the campaign, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, Lead for Safeguarding said:

“Throughout the '16 days' campaign we will be shining a spotlight on domestic abuse, so that people can recognise the signs and have the confidence to engage with police or a support service.

“If people talk more openly about abuse, it’s not being allow to hide away. By opening those channels of communication, it breaks down the barriers and removes some of the stigma that victims may feel and encourages them to come forward. Talking more openly also helps to raise awareness of the signs of abuse and encourages people to report it to police. We can then all play our part to make it stop.

“We also hope that through showing our support, all victims of abuse – whether it is emotional, physical, mental, sexual, honour based or financial – will gain confidence from knowing we are here, ready to help and support them to take back control of their lives.

“To anyone who is living in fear for their own or their family’s safety - please contact police on 101 and start the process of making it stop. If you are in danger always dial 999.

“We understand that not everyone may be ready to talk to the police, but that doesn’t mean help isn’t at hand. Organisations such as IDAS www.IDAS.org.uk and Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire www.supportingvictims.org are ready and waiting to help you. The most important thing is to reach out and get the support you need.”

To follow the campaign visit the North Yorkshire Police website, Facebook page or follow @NYorksPolice on Twitter and search for #16days

You can also visit our website www.northyorkshire.police.uk/knowthesignsofabuse

Posted on 25 November 2020 at 01:28pm in News stories
