```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T10:47:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-23T10:47:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said:'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police statement regarding the late Scarborough Mayor Peter Jaconelli and a record from 1972 released under the Freedom of Information Act by the Crown Prosecution Service - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-statement-regarding-late-scarborough-mayor-peter-jaconelli-record-1972-released-freedom-information-act-crown-prosecution-service/
title: North Yorkshire Police statement regarding the late Scarborough Mayor Peter Jaconelli and a record from 1972 released under the Freedom of Information Act by the Crown Prosecution Service
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-statement-regarding-late-scarborough-mayor-peter-jaconelli-record-1972-released-freedom-information-act-crown-prosecution-service/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 10:47am

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said:

"The new information brought to our attention via archived public prosecution records is welcomed by North Yorkshire Police.

"It has provided fresh opportunities to establish a fuller picture of Peter Jaconelli's alleged offending, specifically relating to an archived record from 1972 currently held by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and originated from the former Department of Public Prosecutions (DPP) office which pre-dated the formation of the CPS in 1986.

"With assistance from the CPS, it has been established that this archived record suggests the former DPP's Office received a police submission regarding Jaconelli on 31 August 1972 which was subsequently registered on 4 September 1972. The record indicates that the police force area which made the submission was at that time known as York and North East Yorkshire Police, which today is made up of three police force areas, namely North Yorkshire, Humberside and Cleveland Police.

"The submission related to an indecent assault on a Spanish man by the then 46-year-old Jaconelli, who is noted on the record as a councillor, member of the Scarborough Crime Prevention Committee and former Mayor of Scarborough.

"However, the record shows the former DPP's Office 'advised no action' against Jaconelli on 10 October 1972. The indication is that Jaconelli was not charged with an offence in relation to this submission.

"The available information is very limited and work is ongoing to establish the full facts if at all possible, but this is certainly an important piece of information to help gain a better understanding of Jaconelli and the way the authorities, including the police, handled cases at that time. North Yorkshire Police is also conducting a review of paper records relating to crime investigations. This programme of work commenced in April 2013 and is estimated to be completed by November 2016.

"To put it into context, this was a period that pre-dated the Crown Prosecution Service as well as North Yorkshire Police, which was established two years later in 1974.

"This highlights the inherent and ongoing difficulties we face to locate historic information to support current investigations into allegations stemming from more than 40 years ago.

"For the first phase of Operation Hibiscus, we had to adjust the investigation parameters accordingly and concentrate our time and resources on the active lines of enquiry provided by the 35 victims who came forward with historic sexual abuse allegations against Jaconelli and Jimmy Savile.

"We are therefore grateful for the new information to further target our efforts to seek out and support victims of Jaconelli, Jimmy Savile and any others who abused young people in the Scarborough area or elsewhere.

"As I stated in December last year when the initial Operation Hibiscus findings were publicised, the investigation will remain open and any new lines of enquiry will be pursued.

"It is never too late to report information to the police as well as seek the professional help and support that is readily available to victims. Nobody should suffer in silence."

Any victim of sexual abuse is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Always dial 999 if you are in immediate danger or your safety is threatened.

Victims can also seek independent advice, support and services from Bridge House, North Yorkshire's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC). Please call 01904 669339 or visit www.turntobridgehouse.org
North Yorkshire Police has made several referrals to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) concerning Peter Jaconelli and Jimmy Savile and continue to update the IPCC on a regular basis.

**Background to Operation Hibiscus**

Operation Hibiscus began on 14 February 2014. It was instigated following the broadcast of the regional TV news programme Inside Out, which prompted 35 people to come forward with reports of historic sexual abuse by Jaconelli and Savile.

32 of the cases related to Jaconelli for reported offences that occurred between 1958 and 1998, and five to Savile that occurred between 1979 and 1988.

Sufficient evidence was uncovered to suggest that, had they been alive today, files would have been submitted for consideration by the Crown Prosecution Service regarding potential criminal charges against Peter Jaconelli and Jimmy Savile, relating to young people.

However, it should be noted that it has not been possible to pursue those lines of enquiry which would have involved interviews with the individuals concerned as they had died, during which they may have disputed the allegations against them.

The reported offences linked to Jaconelli ranged from indecent assault, inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, gross indecency and rape.

For Savile, the reported offences ranged from sexual assault (or indecent assault under current law) to rape.

For more information about Operation Hibiscus, please go to the North Yorkshire Police website http://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/14819

**23 October 2015 - 11.30am**

Posted on 23 October 2015 at 10:47am in News stories
