```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T14:19:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-09T14:18:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Northallerton police are appealing for information after jewellery was stolen during a burglary at the home of an elderly couple on Stokesley Road in Brompton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Jewellery stolen in Northallerton burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jewellery-stolen-northallerton-burglary/
title: Jewellery stolen in Northallerton burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jewellery-stolen-northallerton-burglary/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 02:19pm

Northallerton police are appealing for information after jewellery was stolen during a burglary at the home of an elderly couple on Stokesley Road in Brompton.

Detectives have issued photographs of some of the stolen jewellery and are appealing to anyone who has been offered similar jewellery for sale, to contact them.

As part of their enquiries, officers have sent photos of the stolen items to jewellers in the area, and are also appealing to second hand shops and cash converter outlets to get in touch if they recognise the items.

The stolen jewellery includes:

•Two gold pocket watch chains

•One ladies' gold watch with a white face

•One gold ring with emerald stone and two diamonds set in the band

•A gold necklace with intricate designed pendant set with green stones

The burglary took place between 8.30am on Wednesday 7 January and 8am on Thursday 8 January 2015.

Officers are appealing to anyone who has any information about the break-in or has information about where the jewellery is now, to contact them.

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Northallerton CID.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150004115 when passing on information.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150004115

Posted on 9 February 2015 at 02:18pm in News stories
