```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-04T13:07:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two teams of youngsters from North Yorkshire have been commended for their public-spirited work at a national awards ceremony.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire youngsters scoop crimefighting honours - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-youngsters-scoop-crimefighting-honours/
title: North Yorkshire youngsters scoop crimefighting honours
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-youngsters-scoop-crimefighting-honours/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Two teams of youngsters from North Yorkshire have been commended for their public-spirited work at a national awards ceremony.

Fresh from their success at the North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle 2014 Awards, both the Bogus Babes and the Colburn Creators have been commended for their entries in the National Crimebeat Awards

National Crimebeat is the youth crime prevention charity of the High Sheriffs' Association in England and Wales. The awards recognise innovative and successful crime prevention projects carried out by young people, which have had a beneficial effect on the community, and are aimed at reducing or preventing crime.

The Bogus Babes, from Stokesley School, were highly commended in the awards for their innovative look at tackling the problem of bogus callers preying on the vulnerable members of their community. They designed an eye-catching and informative poster and a check list of useful services and numbers which they delivered to shops, pubs, leisure facilities and homes all around their town. Then they held a coffee morning and raised money for a charity that supports older people.

Michelle McFarlane, Behaviour for Learning Manager at Stokesley School, said: "The young people involved in the Lifestyle Project and Crimebeat showed that they had the drive and enthusiasm to deliver a dynamic project particularly to help older people.

"When the Bogus Babes decided that they wanted to open up their space in the Youth Club to older people for a coffee morning I was so proud of them. On the day itself and throughout the project they showed great organisational skills, great communication skills and excellent teamwork.

"Many of the Bogus Babes gained a lot from the project and their confidence and self-esteem seemed to inflate before our very eyes. They saw that they could achieve something and were valued members of the community, with huge potential for the future."

The Colburn Creators, from Risedale Sports and Community College, worked on creating an arts exhibition on the theme of how crime affects the community. Complete with a graffiti wall, alleyway and lurking figures they managed to convey the fear that can accompany crime, and show others what effects their actions can have. The Colburn Creators were given a certificate of commendation for their National Crimebeat entry.

Tom Ramsden, the High Sheriff for North Yorkshire, said: "Both teams can feel quite rightly proud of what they have achieved. I am delighted that two teams from North Yorkshire have been commended for their work in the community and hope that it encourages other groups to take part in Crimebeat next year."

Posted on 4 February 2015 at 01:07pm in News stories
