```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-03T13:24:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-03T12:50:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Around 9.40pm on Friday 24 January 2020, a silver Mercedes Vito van and a white Nissan Juke collided on the A59 near Skipton. The driver of the Nissan, 52 year-old Mark Trevor Gregson and passenger, 43 year-old Claire Louise Lucas, both from Lancashire, were sadly pronounced deceased at the scene. Their families have now released [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/02/Claire-Lucas-and-Mark-Gregson-224x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tributes to couple who died in A59 collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tributes-to-couple-who-died-in-a59-collision/
title: Tributes to couple who died in A59 collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tributes-to-couple-who-died-in-a59-collision/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2020 at 01:24pm

Around 9.40pm on Friday 24 January 2020, a silver Mercedes Vito van and a white Nissan Juke collided on the A59 near Skipton. The driver of the Nissan, 52 year-old Mark Trevor Gregson and passenger, 43 year-old Claire Louise Lucas, both from Lancashire, were sadly pronounced deceased at the scene.

Their families have now released tributes to the couple.

Mark Gregson:

_“Mark was a much loved son, brother, partner and father to two daughters. His family are devastated by his sudden and tragic death. Mark was popular and well-liked by his friends and work colleagues and had a great sense of humour. He loved football and music and spending time with his family. He will be deeply missed by his daughters, his father, his father’s partner, his brother and Claire’s children.”_

The funeral arrangements are with Briggs & Duxbury of Barnoldswick.

Claire Lucas:

_“The family are naturally devastated by the loss of Claire in these tragic circumstances and wish to thank everyone, her friends and colleagues for their messages of support and condolences.”_

The 28 year-old female passenger in the Mercedes van was taken to hospital with serious injuries. The 28 year-old male driver of the van was arrested and released under investigation.

Police are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen either of the vehicles prior to the collision, or were on the A59 at the time and may have dashcam footage, to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 12200013851. Alternatively you can email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The families ask that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.

Posted on 3 February 2020 at 12:50pm in News stories
