```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:26:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-26T14:38:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: They&#8217;ll be working alongside York BID Street Rangers, City of York Council&#8217;s Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers, and volunteers such as Street Angels and the York Rescue Boat, to help keep everyone safe. As the weather improves, York attracts even more people to its historic attractions and vibrant night-time economy. Inspector Andy Godfrey, of North Yorkshire Police, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Have fun and stay safe in York this weekend, say city&#039;s police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/have-fun-and-stay-safe-in-york-this-weekend-say-citys-police/
title: Have fun and stay safe in York this weekend, say city's police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/have-fun-and-stay-safe-in-york-this-weekend-say-citys-police/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:26am

Police in York will be ensuring residents and visitors alike can enjoy their time in the city centre this weekend.

They'll be working alongside York BID Street Rangers, City of York Council's Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers, and volunteers such as Street Angels and the York Rescue Boat, to help keep everyone safe.

As the weather improves, York attracts even more people to its historic attractions and vibrant night-time economy.

Inspector Andy Godfrey, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "It's no accident York was chosen as the best place to live in the UK by the Sunday Times this year, with experts praising its 'cultural scene' and 'romantic beauty', and highlighting that it's one of the friendliest and safest places in the country.

"We value the great support from the city's businesses and licensees, so whether you're visiting York for its shops, its pubs or its culture, you can be confident you'll have a safe and enjoyable time here.

"The number of people in the city centre will increase in the coming weeks, which is why police officers, PCSOs and Special Constables from York's Neighbourhood Policing Team will be out on foot in the city centre, providing a high-visibility presence. They'll be working alongside our many partner organisations, to keep everyone safe.

"If you do encounter any issues or concerns, call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency, or talk to an officer on patrol. We'll be there to help. And if you don't have any concerns, stop and chat to us anyway - it's always good to talk!"

Councillor Helen Douglas, executive member for safer neighbourhoods at City of York Council, said: "We welcome all who come to responsibly enjoy our beautiful city centre. Our scenic rivers and vibrant night life are among its attractions which we encourage people to enjoy without putting themselves or others at risk. Statistics show we’re one of the country’s safest cities and our officers are here to help ensure that remains the case."

Officers will be using social media to highlight their activity in the city centre over the weekend. Follow @NPTYorkCity and @NYorksPolice for regular updates.

Posted on 26 April 2018 at 03:38pm in News stories
