```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-31T10:24:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV images, following a sexual assault in Lawrence Street, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man charged with sexual assault in York - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-sexual-assault-york/
title: 'Update: Man charged with sexual assault in York'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-sexual-assault-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A 32-year-old man has been arrested and charged with sexual assault in relation to a sexual assault reported on Saturday 28 October in Lawrence Street, York.

He has been remanded in custody to appear before York Magistrates Court. Thank you to all who shared our appeal.

**Original release: Appeal following sexual assault in York**

Officers are appealing for information to help identify the man in the CCTV images, following a sexual assault in Lawrence Street, York.

**** At ten to one in the morning on Saturday 28 October 2017, a 20 year old woman was touched inappropriately by a man in the reception area of a Bed and Breakfast on Lawrence Street.

The man did not have permission to be on the premises and after the assault he left on foot heading in the direction of Melrosegate.

Officers want to speak to the man in the images in connection with the incident and are appealing for the public’s help to identify him.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Hanneke Hart or email Hanneke.hart@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170193262 when passing on any information.

Posted on 31 October 2017 at 10:24am in News stories
