```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-09T14:50:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are warning people to be on their guard and keep their property secure, after a number of thefts in the town.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge Scarborough residents to be vigilant following thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-scarborough-residents-to-be-vigilant-following-thefts/
title: Police urge Scarborough residents to be vigilant following thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-scarborough-residents-to-be-vigilant-following-thefts/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police in Scarborough are warning people to be on their guard and keep their property secure, after a number of thefts in the town.

In the past 24 hours, four phones have been reported stolen in Scarborough, often while the owner was distracted or elsewhere:

 * An iPhone 6 was taken from a handbag on an unattended pushchair in Peasholm Park on Wednesday afternoon
 * An iPhone 5 was taken from a handbag in an amusement arcade in Foreshore Road on Wednesday afternoon
 * An iPhone 5c was taken from behind a counter at a café in Foreshore Road on Wednesday afternoon
 * A phone was taken from a counter at a premises in Belgrave Crescent on Thursday morning

Officers are urging people to be vigilant and take precautions to reduce the risk of becoming a victim of theft.

PCSO Sarah Wilkinson, of Scarborough Police, said: "Scarborough is a safe place, but people still need to be vigilant. If you carry a handbag, keep it close to your body, zipped with no valuable items on display. You should also consider attaching your purse to your handbag with a secure cord, and keep your phone in a zipped internal pocket. Always be mindful of distractions, as thieves working in pairs may attempt to divert your attention in order to steal from you.

"Having your phone stolen can be very upsetting. Devices are valuable but can be easily replaced. However, your data - such as your photographs, music and personal contacts - cannot, so please take steps to ensure it is protected. Set up a passcode lock so only you can access your phone, and use a service such as iCloud to enable you to locate and remotely erase it should it be lost or stolen."

Police are asking people to watch the following video, which features personal safety advice about keeping your property safe from thieves: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp9ZIAQy0ak.

Posted on 9 April 2015 at 02:50pm in News stories
