```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-08-26T11:23:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident was reported at around 9.50pm on the night of Thursday 25 August 2016 after two men called at a property on Skipton Road. The two men threatened the householder \u2013 a man in his thirties &#8211; and asked for jewellery and money, but fled empty-handed. One of the men was carrying a long, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after man threatened during aggravated burglary in Gargrave near Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-threatened-aggravated-burglary-gargrave-near-skipton/
title: Appeal after man threatened during aggravated burglary in Gargrave near Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-threatened-aggravated-burglary-gargrave-near-skipton/
```

Last modified: 26 August 2016 at 11:23am

Detectives are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Gargrave near Skipton in which a man was threatened with weapons.

The incident was reported at around 9.50pm on the night of Thursday 25 August 2016 after two men called at a property on Skipton Road.

The two men threatened the householder – a man in his thirties - and asked for jewellery and money, but fled empty-handed.

One of the men was carrying a long, machete-type knife and the other was carrying a small handgun, however it is not known if the gun was real or a replica.

It is believed that the suspects left the scene in a vehicle and drove off at speed.

Officers are appealing to anyone in the area who noticed any suspicious people or vehicles in the area, or saw a vehicle drive off at speed along Skipton Road.

The first suspect is described as of Asian appearance, aged in his mid-twenties with a young face, short dark hair and a moustache. He was around 5ft 11in tall, of medium build and was wearing dark coloured clothing.

The second suspect was wearing a balaclava and is described as 5ft 11in tall and of medium build.

Detective Sergeant Michele Fawcett of Harrogate Serious Crime Team, said: “This was a very frightening ordeal for the victim and I am appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area at the time. In particular, we want to identify the vehicle that we believe the suspects used. I urge anyone who was in the area of Skipton Road and Eshton Road between 9pm and 10pm on Thursday night, to please get in touch.

“Thankfully, the victim was not injured during the incident, but was very shaken up by what happened. We believe that the suspects have targeted the address rather than it being a random attack.”

Anyone who has any information is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate Serious Crime Team. Or email SCTHarrogate@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160154407.

Posted on 26 August 2016 at 11:23am in News stories
