```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:14:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-05T11:14:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is seeking an apology and a correction from a number of national news providers who have misreported aspects of the force&#039;s handling of the recent Jeremy Clarkson case.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: NYP seeks apology for inaccurate reports over Clarkson case - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nyp-seeks-apology-inaccurate-reports-clarkson-case/
title: NYP seeks apology for inaccurate reports over Clarkson case
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nyp-seeks-apology-inaccurate-reports-clarkson-case/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:14am

North Yorkshire Police is seeking an apology and a correction from a number of national news providers who have misreported aspects of the force's handling of the recent Jeremy Clarkson case.

North Yorkshire Police investigated an incident involving Mr Clarkson in April 2015. This involved interviewing those who were present. The investigation came to a close once all the interviews had been completed.

In accordance with usual practice, on that same day, North Yorkshire Police attempted to contact Mr Clarkson through his solicitors, to inform him that no further action would be taken by the police, prior to a public statement being issued to that effect.

As it was Easter weekend, Mr Clarkson's solicitors informed North Yorkshire Police that their client was overseas, but that they would try to contact him.

At 9.38am on 7 April, North Yorkshire Police received confirmation from Mr Clarkson's solicitors that he had been advised of the decision that no further police action was required. The public statement was issued on the North Yorkshire Police website an hour later.

A spokesman from North Yorkshire Police said:

"Recent media reports that North Yorkshire Police withheld or concealed a decision not to charge Mr Clarkson, or that Mr Clarkson 'was made to wait five days' before being made aware of the result of the investigation, are quite simply untrue. It is also untrue that we did not respond to calls for comment.

"The coverage is inaccurate and misleading, and we are contacting the publications concerned to request that they issue both a correction and an apology."

**5 May 2015, 15:30**

Posted on 5 May 2015 at 11:14am in News stories
