```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-08T16:32:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-08T16:13:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The\_North Yorkshire Police Property Fund is\_a pot of funding\_generated from the auction of property which has either been seized or confiscated as part of criminal investigations and which, despite its best efforts, the Force has been unable to return to its rightful owners. Over the past five years, over \xA3120,000 has been redistributed to community [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/YPPF-RDA-e1488988324440.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police grants available for community projects - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-grants-available-for-community-projects/
title: Police grants available for community projects
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-grants-available-for-community-projects/
```

Last modified: 8 March 2017 at 04:32pm

North Yorkshire Police is inviting local community and voluntary groups to apply for funding for initiatives which benefit the region and its residents - particularly those which could have a positive impact on reducing crime and disorder.

The North Yorkshire Police Property Fund is a pot of funding generated from the auction of property which has either been seized or confiscated as part of criminal investigations and which, despite its best efforts, the Force has been unable to return to its rightful owners.

Over the past five years, over £120,000 has been redistributed to community projects throughout the North Yorkshire region. These projects have included conservation experiences for young people, the provision of multi-cultural pre-school learning resources and riding experiences for the disabled.

North Yorkshire Police chief constable, Dave Jones, explains:

“We make every effort to reunite stolen, lost and confiscated goods with their rightful owners, but that is a challenge if the items have not been property marked or are not very distinctive in their nature. The property we can’t return is auctioned and we use the money we raise to give a bit of extra support to community organisations that carry out worthwhile work in our region, for initiatives that benefit our whole community.

“The latest round of funding is now open, so I’d encourage community groups to apply for a grant. We have already funded some excellent initiatives, so I am look forward to seeing the positive differences the Fund can make to our region and its residents this time around.”

Julia Mulligan, police and crime commissioner for North Yorkshire, added:

“The Police Property Fund gives community groups and volunteers a really quick and simple way to access some money to help get projects off the ground or to develop an existing scheme further.

“It is often local people with good ideas who can make the biggest difference in their community, so if you know of a good project that needs a boost, or have an idea yourself, make sure you make the most of the Police Property Fund.”

Judged by the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police and the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, each application to the Fund is assessed on its individual merits and against a number of criteria.

Proposed projects will need to either involve children and young people in extra-curricular activities, promote safety, help to bring different parts of the community together or prevent crime or anti-social behaviour.

Applications must be for a specific project within the North Yorkshire or City of York area, and organisations must promote equality of opportunity, good community relations and be able to demonstrate that they are able to tackle any barriers that may prevent disabled people using their services.

Applications for this round of funding (the first of two planned for 2017) must be submitted by 30 April. Full details can be found at _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/grant_

**CASE STUDIES**

**Yellow Ribbon and White Rabbit Pre-Schools**

**_Yellow Ribbon and White Rabbit pre-schools received a Police Property Fund grant to support activities to promote understanding and respect for different cultures and beliefs_**

These two pre-schools, which are based at Catterick Garrison and Claro Barracks in Ripon, received a grant application of £1200 to support young children from as far away as Fiji and Nepal. The money will provide special books, puzzles, dolls, play food and posters to help the children to understand British values and respect different cultures and beliefs. Claire Marshall, group coordinator for Catterick Garrison Groups, comments: “Money from the Fund means we can provide resources to help our children to learn to respect each other and understand other families’ beliefs. Getting children talking openly and honestly about religion, culture and friendship is an excellent way to break down barriers that can exist, particularly with the diverse range of nationalities we embrace due to our military connections. We’re really excited about the new resources and the big difference that they’ll make to boosting inclusiveness and community understanding through team building activities in a play environment at our pre-school.”

******British Association for Shooting and Conservation**

**_Hundreds of young people will get an insight into the unique habitat and wildlife of the moors, with support from a Police Property Fund grant._**

The Association received £3000 so that hundreds of youngsters between the ages of six and eleven can visit the moors, help with conservation tasks and learn about North Yorkshire’s unique habitat and wildlife. Gareth Dockerty, regional officer for the British Association for Shooting and Conversation, says: “We applied for this funding so we can really engage primary school children throughout the area in learning all about the wildlife and environment which is on their doorstep. The conservation days will provide an unforgettable experience for young people who may not even be aware of the local habitat. They will see life on the moors through the eyes of a local gamekeeper, and discovering a whole range of things from boggy mosses to the iconic curlew, we hope the project will inspire the next generation about conservation and wildlife. The "Lets Learn Moor" project is a partnership with the North York Moors Moorland Organisation, Hawk and Owl Trust and North York Moors National Park.

**Riding for the Disabled England**

Riding for the Disabled is helping people with disabilities to drive a pony and carriage, with funding support from the Police Property Fund

Riding for the Disabled received a £750 grant to help disabled people to take part in a week-long residential holiday where they can learn to drive a pony and carriage and take part in other sports and arts and crafts activities. Susan Dudley-Smith from RDA, comments: “The funding will be used for a holiday experience that is the only one of its type in the UK. Thanks to our well-trained volunteers and specialist equipment, people with a disability can drive a pony and carriage in a safe environment with the minimum of intervention. It is therapeutic exercise, but participants also gain self-confidence as well as a real sense of satisfaction from achieving targets that they believed to be insurmountable.”

Posted on 8 March 2017 at 04:13pm in News stories
