```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:32:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-13T13:31:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a bicycle that occurred in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bicycle Theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bicycle-theft/
title: Bicycle Theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bicycle-theft/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:32pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a bicycle that occurred in Skipton.

It happened on George street at 21:15 on Tuesday 12th May 2015 and involved the theft of a 10-year-old boy's BMX from his back yard.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identities of the thieves and the location of the stolen BMX. The mother of the boy heard the gate closing and went to investigate. She saw two males with the BMX on Castle Street who fled towards Brougham Street when she shouted at them.

The two males are been described as follows:-

The first is white, aged 15-16, wearing a cream coloured top with no markings on it.

The second is also white, aged 15-16, about 5ft 8in tall and he was wearing a navy blue/black top with no markings and dark coloured trousers.

The stolen bike is a black framed BMX which has several distinctive features. The bike's tyres are yellow on the front and green on the rear. It also has an orange chain, red handlebar grips and a blue saddle that features a picture of a skull.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for William Moyle. You can also email william.moyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**13 May 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150078680

Posted on 13 June 2015 at 01:31pm in News stories
