```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-01T15:43:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in North Duffield.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary in North Duffield - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-north-duffield/
title: Appeal following burglary in North Duffield
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-north-duffield/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in North Duffield.

It happened on York Road, North Duffield at between approximately 5.45 am and 8 am on Sunday 28 May 2017 , when an offender entered a residential property and stole a purse and a quantity of cash.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about a man with a motorbike seen in the area between approximately 5.30 and 6.30am. He is reported to have offered to do work for local residents and has been seen in the area of the nursery by the village playing field.

The man is described as a white man late thirties early forties with dark short hair, small/stocky build with fringing on the arms of his jacket. He was riding an old fashioned motorbike. He may have had a back-pac.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Alison BAKER. You can also email Alison.baker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170092052.

Date 30/05/2017

Contact details:
 Alison Baker \- #1944
alison.baker@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31944
Incident reference:
 12170092052
Posted on 1 June 2017 at 03:43pm in Local appeals
