```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-03-26T17:56:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The 51 and 36 year-olds are suspected of entering the victim\u2019s home, by claiming to be carers, at around 8.30pm on Tuesday 24 March. Officers were immediately deployed to the area and two women were arrested shortly after. The next day, the 86 year-old woman discovered that her purse had been stolen and \xA3330 had [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Two women due at court charged with burgling 86 year-old\u2019s home - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-women-due-at-court-charged-with-burgling-86-year-olds-home/
title: "Two women due at court charged with burgling 86 year-old\u2019s home"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-women-due-at-court-charged-with-burgling-86-year-olds-home/
```

Last modified: 26 March 2020 at 05:56pm

Two women are due at court charged with burglary at a home in Acomb.

The 51 and 36 year-olds are suspected of entering the victim’s home, by claiming to be carers, at around 8.30pm on Tuesday 24 March.

Officers were immediately deployed to the area and two women were arrested shortly after.

The next day, the 86 year-old woman discovered that her purse had been stolen and £330 had been withdrawn from her bank account. Further attempts were made to withdraw another amount of almost £400.

Following questioning in custody, both suspects were charged with burglary and appeared at York and Hull Magistrates’ Court this morning.

The 36 year-old has been in remanded in custody to appear at York Crown Court on 27 April and the 51 year-old has been released on conditional bail to appear at Hull Crown Court on 24 April.

PC Lyn Knight of North Yorkshire Police’s York & Selby CID said:

“This was a terrifying experience for the victim but we would like to thank her for her assistance and courage.

“We’d also like to appeal to anyone living in the area who believes they may have been a victim of a similar burglary to contact us on 101.”

**How to stay safe when accepting help from others**

 * If you are receiving voluntary help do not share financial details like credit/debit card numbers or personal information.
 * If someone you don’t know calls at your home, always ask for ID and always ensure you are comfortable sharing details like your phone number or address.
 * Only provide information on a need to know basis and if you have seen ID. Do not feel pressured into providing information.
 * If you have doubts about those who are approaching you, and are concerned, it is advised that you don’t engage, and report serious suspicious behaviour to the police.
 * Remember that genuine volunteers have been instructed not to enter your home and should all have documentation proving their status.

Posted on 26 March 2020 at 05:56pm in News stories
