```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-13T16:38:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On Wednesday 12 February 2020,\_ officers from Harrogate\u2019s dedicated county lines Team, Operation Expedite, made two arrests in the Valley Gardens area of the town. Officers were conducting proactive patrols in the area when they had reason to stop and search two men on Harlow Moor Drive. One, who turned out to be a 15-year-old [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Relentless county lines crackdown continues with two more arrests in Harrogate - including boy, 15 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/relentless-county-lines-crackdown-continues-with-two-more-arrests-in-harrogate-including-boy-15/
title: Relentless county lines crackdown continues with two more arrests in Harrogate - including boy, 15
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/relentless-county-lines-crackdown-continues-with-two-more-arrests-in-harrogate-including-boy-15/
```

Last modified: 13 February 2020 at 04:38pm

Two more county lines drug dealing suspects, including a 15-year-old boy, have been arrested in Harrogate.

On Wednesday 12 February 2020, officers from Harrogate’s dedicated county lines Team, Operation Expedite, made two arrests in the Valley Gardens area of the town.

Officers were conducting proactive patrols in the area when they had reason to stop and search two men on Harlow Moor Drive. One, who turned out to be a 15-year-old boy from Leeds was found to be in possession of a large quantity of suspected crack cocaine, cash and a number of phones.

The other suspect, a man in his 30s from Harrogate, was also found to be in possession of quantity of suspected class A drugs.

Both males were arrested and questioned before being released while under investigation as the investigation continues. The 15-year-old was returned to his family.

These arrests come in the wake of a major operation targeting county lines drug dealing between Bradford and Harrogate that saw six men arrested earlier this week on suspicion of supply heroin and crack cocaine in Harrogate.

Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of cuckooing in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have. Signs to look out for include:

• Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

**County lines**

“County lines” is the term given to a form of organised crime in which drug dealers from urban areas exploit vulnerable people - including children - and force them to deal drugs in smaller towns and cities. It takes its name from the mobile phone lines used by dealers to communicate between towns, take orders & conduct their “business”. The lines are used to advertise drugs for sale and mass text messages are sent to users letting them know where and when they can buy drugs. The lines become valuable protected “brands”. Violence and intimidation is prevalent within county lines. Due to the exploitation of vulnerable people associated with it, it is a key, operational priority for North Yorkshire Police.

A major concern for North Yorkshire Police is a practice known as cuckooing, which is where drug dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person and use it to store and sell drugs. They often use violence and intimidation to achieve this. Cuckooing victims are often drug users themselves, and people who are vulnerable due to a mental or physical disability, their age or lifestyle, such as sex workers and single mothers. They are often given free drugs in return for allowing dealers to stay at their home. Resulting in them being dependent on the dealers and “owing” them a debt.

The force works with housing providers partner agencies and carries out regular welfare checks on known victims of cuckooing, and offers interventions including drug and alcohol support. It also uses cease and desist notices which is a formal warning to householders to stop suspected criminal activity.

DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is being involved in drug dealing, but all the police.

**Look out for the signs that a young person you know might be exploited by drug dealers:**

• Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area;
• Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
• Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
• Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
• Leaving home / care without explanation
• Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
• Carrying weapons
• Significant decline in school results / performance
• Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
• Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being
Call the police on 101 or visit our website for partner agencies who can offer help and support northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/young-people-and-drugs-where-to-get-help/

Posted on 13 February 2020 at 04:38pm in News stories
