```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-06T12:43:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-06T11:56:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The ride went really well despite torrential rain which started at 11am on Saturday and did not stop until after we\u2019d finished on Sunday. We didn\u2019t let it dampen our spirits, only the seat of our cycling pants which felt like wet nappies&#8230; and there was a fair bit of wringing out my sodden socks [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/Dee-cycling-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: An emotional and important ride in memory of fallen officers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/an-emotional-and-important-ride-in-memory-of-fallen-officers/
title: An emotional and important ride in memory of fallen officers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/an-emotional-and-important-ride-in-memory-of-fallen-officers/
```

Last modified: 6 August 2019 at 01:43pm

North Yorkshire Police Inspector Denise Wond spent the weekend of 26 – 28th July taking part in the annual Care of Police Survivors (COPS) Unity Cycle Ride – a 180 mile journey to the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire from Humberside Police Headquarters. Here is her personal account of this year’s event:

> The ride went really well despite torrential rain which started at 11am on Saturday and did not stop until after we’d finished on Sunday.
>
> We didn’t let it dampen our spirits, only the seat of our cycling pants which felt like wet nappies… and there was a fair bit of wringing out my sodden socks at regular intervals!
>
>
> Aching legs set in getting back on the bike on day two after cycling 86 miles on day one, but the support team kept us going with flapjacks, jelly babies, bananas and fudge along the way- they did a great job and we could not have done it without them.
>
> We arrived at Drayton Manor on Saturday where we were met by the families of fallen officers in what was quite an emotional moment. We were greeted with medals to remember the event by, as well as free ice creams!
>
> On Sunday, all the cyclists from across the country set off together from the Holiday Inn at Tamworth and the 400-plus riders were escorted with blue lights to the Arboretum 11 miles away –led by an American police vehicle. There was an American team cycling too and they started off the Unity tour some years ago.
>
> The commemorative service took place when we arrived at the Arboretum and wreaths were laid on individual officer’s plaques. It was lovely to meet with Frances Ellerker, the wife of the late PC Richard Ellerker and share these moments with her in his memory.
>
> Every participant in the Unity Cycle Ride wears a bracelet inscribed with the name of an officer who lost their life in the line of duty. My bracelet bore the name of PC Richard Ellerker, a North Yorkshire Police officer who tragically died on Boxing Day in 1993, aged 42, leaving his family behind.
>
> I am overwhelmed to have reached over £650 on my JustGiving page and would like to thank everyone for their kindness, support and generous donations. Thank you also to fellow North Yorkshire Police Officer, Marie Williams, who was part of the support team and did a fantastic job of keeping us fuelled and motivated.
>
> COPS does an amazing job of supporting the families of fallen officers and seeing the impact this incredible charity has on their lives makes every mile of the Unity Cycle Ride worthwhile. These families suffer for a lifetime after losing their loved ones and my aching legs are nothing compared to that.
>
>

Posted on 6 August 2019 at 12:56pm in News stories
