```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-26T10:09:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In the early hours of Sunday 23 July 2017, police were called to a disturbance outside Raw nightclub on Wellington Road, and to reports that the weapon had been discharged. The suspect was detained nearby by a member of door staff prior to police arrival. \_ Investigating officer, Detective Constable David Adams of Scarborough Investigation [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses - man arrested in Whitby and electric shock device seized - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-man-arrested-whitby-electric-shock-device-seized/
title: Appeal for witnesses - man arrested in Whitby and electric shock device seized
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-man-arrested-whitby-electric-shock-device-seized/
```

Last modified: 26 July 2017 at 11:09am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a 20-year-old man from Warrington was arrested in Whitby following an incident involving an electric shock weapon disguised as a mobile phone.

In the early hours of Sunday 23 July 2017, police were called to a disturbance outside Raw nightclub on Wellington Road, and to reports that the weapon had been discharged. The suspect was detained nearby by a member of door staff prior to police arrival.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable David Adams of Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “I am appealing to anyone with any information and to anyone who may have witnessed this incident to come forward and speak to the police. No matter how small or trivial you may think the information you may have is, it may be crucial to this investigation. This was a serious incident where members of the public could have been seriously hurt or injured.

“I would like to reassure members of the public and the residents of Whitby that incidents like this are rare and the police took action to ensure the public were safe, including the seizure of the weapon. My thanks also goes to the door staff who helped to restrain the suspect before police arrived at the scene.”

If you have any information that may assist this enquiry please contact DC Adams via email at: david.adams@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or by phone on 01609 643426.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12170129513 when passing on information.

The man was arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm and using threatening words and behaviour. He has been released while under investigation.

Posted on 26 July 2017 at 11:09am in News stories
