```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-29T12:53:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-29T12:53:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The men, two from Redcar aged 26 and 39, and a 31-year-old man from Nottingham, were arrested between 11pm on Friday 26 January and 12.45am in the early hours of the following morning. At around 10pm, police received a call from a Whitby resident reporting the attempted, but unsuccessful theft of motorcycle from an address [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three arrested following spate of thefts in Robin Hoods Bay - local community praised - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-following-spate-thefts-robin-hoods-bay-local-community-praised/
title: Three arrested following spate of thefts in Robin Hoods Bay - local community praised
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-following-spate-thefts-robin-hoods-bay-local-community-praised/
```

Last modified: 29 January 2018 at 12:53pm

Three men have been arrested following a spate of thefts in Fylingthorpe and Robin Hoods Bay near Whitby.

The men, two from Redcar aged 26 and 39, and a 31-year-old man from Nottingham, were arrested between 11pm on Friday 26 January and 12.45am in the early hours of the following morning.

At around 10pm, police received a call from a Whitby resident reporting the attempted, but unsuccessful theft of motorcycle from an address in Rohilla Close.

Two further calls were received at around 10.50pm on Friday 26 January reporting the theft of a quadbike in Fylingthorpe.

The quadbike was seen being pushed down the road and a number of local people followed the suspects on foot. A number of residents also chased the suspects through gardens.

Thanks to the actions of local people the three men were arrested by police officers a short time later and taken into custody for questioning. They have been released while under investigation and to allow for further police enquiries.

Police have praised the actions of the local community who responded to the incidents and assisted the police’s enquiries at the scene. Sergeant Simon Jolly of Whitby police said: “The local community’s response was fantastic. They were very brave in their attempts to stop the suspect and their quick thinking, along with the information they were able to provide, meant the suspects were swiftly arrested.”

Police subsequently received a number of other reports from residents in Robin Hoods Bay reporting the theft of two motorcylces and overnight break-ins. These remain under investigation.

A motorcycle and a quadbike were recovered and the suspects' vehicle was seized at the scene. A second stolen motorcylce remains outstanding and enquiries are continuing into its whereabouts.

Anyone with any information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact the police if they have not yet spoken to them. Please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting incident reference 12180015050.

Posted on 29 January 2018 at 12:53pm in News stories
