```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-17T13:29:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The assault took place at approximately 5.45am in the wooded snicket which runs in-between Westfield Way and Stock Close / Evergreen Way. The 27-year-old victim, who was on his way to work, was grabbed on the shoulder by an unknown male suspect who emerged from the bushes. After a brief struggle, the victim broke free [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Information sought following Norton assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-following-norton-assault/
title: Information sought following Norton assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-following-norton-assault/
```

Last modified: 17 December 2020 at 01:29pm

Police are appealing for witnesses, CCTV and other information after a man was assaulted near the Norton Industrial Estate in the early hours of the morning on Wednesday 16 December 2020.

The assault took place at approximately 5.45am in the wooded snicket which runs in-between Westfield Way and Stock Close / Evergreen Way.

The 27-year-old victim, who was on his way to work, was grabbed on the shoulder by an unknown male suspect who emerged from the bushes. After a brief struggle, the victim broke free of the suspect’s grip before the suspect fled up the snicket in the direction of Fletton Road.

The suspect is described as being a white male with a tanned complexion and black hair. He was about 5ft 7ins to 5ft 8ins tall and of stocky build. He was also dressed in dark clothing and was wearing a clear plastic face visor with blue padding on the forehead.

Investigating officer PC Wayne Leith said: “Thankfully random assaults of this nature are few and far between. As such, we do want the public to be unduly alarmed but we are urging people to be vigilant in the area and especially so during the hours of darkness.”

Anyone who feels they might have information of relevance to the ongoing investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC829 Wayne Leith. You can also email wayne.leith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Contact details:
 Wayne Leith \- #0829
Wayne.Leith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30829
Incident reference:
 12200232996
Posted on 17 December 2020 at 01:29pm in Local appeals
