```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:51:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-16T13:50:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man who travelled to the Philippines to have sex with a 14-year-old girl and then brought back thousands of indecent images and videos of children on his computer has been handed a 40 month prison sentence.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/DOVE__Anthony_Roy_03-10-65-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Seized computer had thousands of indecent images - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-computer-thousands-indecent-images/
title: Seized computer had thousands of indecent images
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/seized-computer-thousands-indecent-images/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:51pm

A man who travelled to the Philippines to have sex with a 14-year-old girl and then brought back thousands of indecent images and videos of children on his computer has been handed a 40 month prison sentence.

Roy Dove, 50, from Scarborough was arrested by National Crime Agency officers at Manchester Airport in July 2014 after flying back in to the UK.

He was initially wanted by North Yorkshire Police in relation to a number of images that had been found on his work computer, but Dove admitted a laptop he was carrying also contained images and so he was additionally arrested for importation offences.

During later interviews he admitting having intercourse with the girl while he was in south east Asia.

The seized laptop was analysed and found to contain around two thousand indecent images of children and around three hundred indecent videos.

Dove pleaded guilty engaging in sexual activity with a child and possessing indecent images of children.

At Manchester Crown Court on Thursday 15 October he was sentenced to 40 months in jail. He was also placed on the sex offenders register for life and given an indefinite sexual harm prevention order.

DC Michelle Neighbour, of the Scarborough Serious Crime Team at North Yorkshire Police, said: "Dove is a depraved individual who poses a real threat to children. It is satisfying that he has been made to face up to his sickening crimes.

"This case serves to highlight that we will work with our partner agencies to bring offenders like him to justice."

Robert Miles, head of the NCA's Manchester border investigation team, said: "Each of those images and videos found on Dove's computers represented a child being abused. Some were extremely disturbing, in the most serious category.

"He also admitted carrying out abuse himself abroad. He was clearly a danger to children so it is right that he is behind bars."

If you are an adult and worried about a child, or if you think you have been a victim of abuse, you can get help and support by contacting the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000.

Alternatively, if you are a young person and either you or a friend has been sexually abused, you can contact Childline on 0800 1111, or report your concerns via the NCA CEOP Safety Centre atwww.ceop.police.uk/safety-centre where trained and experienced child protection workers will read and assess your information and get in touch.

You can also access more information, including how to stay safe online, on the NCA CEOP Command's Facebook page, Twitter account and YouTube channel. Targeted help and support for parents and teachers can be found on the Thinkuknow website -www.thinkuknow.co.uk.

**16 October 2015
_Published on behalf of the National Crime Agency_**

Posted on 16 August 2015 at 01:50pm in News stories
