```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-10T14:08:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-10T13:44:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At around 2.45am, North Yorkshire Police received a report of burglary which had just occurred on St Helen\u2019s Road in Harrogate. Offenders had entered the victim\u2019s home and searched through a Mercedes parked on the driveway before fleeing after being disturbed. Officers were immediately deployed to the area and at around 3am, a police unit [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/83757076_975430552872637_1751298908086075392_o.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Suspected \u20182 in 1\u2019 burglar arrested following police pursuit - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-2-in-1-burglar-arrested-following-police-pursuit/
title: "Suspected \u20182 in 1\u2019 burglar arrested following police pursuit"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-2-in-1-burglar-arrested-following-police-pursuit/
```

Last modified: 10 August 2020 at 03:08pm

A man has been arrested following the pursuit of a stolen car in the early hours of this morning (10 August).

At around 2.45am, North Yorkshire Police received a report of burglary which had just occurred on St Helen’s Road in Harrogate.

Offenders had entered the victim’s home and searched through a Mercedes parked on the driveway before fleeing after being disturbed.

Officers were immediately deployed to the area and at around 3am, a police unit sighted a suspected stolen Mercedes-Benz A-Class on Hookstone Chase.

At the same time, police received a second report about another burglary that has just occurred on Harrogate’s St Clement’s Road, whereby offenders had stolen a Mercedes-Benz A-Class from outside – the same one that had just been sighted by officers.

The car failed to stop and drove off at speed along Hookstone Chase and Forest Moor Road, causing damage to parked cars, before crashing on Thistle Hill in Knaresborough.

Shortly after, a 19 year-old man from the Harrogate area was arrested and taken into police custody where he remains for questioning.

Anyone with information, including any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell-camera footage, is asked to email CIDHarrogate@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference numbers below when providing information.

 * 12200137651 - St Helen’s Road burglary
 * 12200137663 - St Clement’s Road burglar

**How to protect your home and car from car key '2 in 1' burglars**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will often target the owners of high-value vehicles; ‘cruising’ around residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit their security and get to their keys.

Whilst burglaries of this nature are uncommon in North Yorkshire, it is important that vehicle and home owners take simple prevention methods to deter potential thieves. The more difficult you make it for them; the less likely they are to bother. Click here for ten ways you can protect both your car and home from being targeted.

Posted on 10 August 2020 at 02:44pm in Burglary, News stories
