```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-10T10:19:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-08T12:54:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Sometimes you get second chances in life. Other times you don\u2019t. As roads policing officers, we encounter lots of people who exceed the speed limit and get a second chance. They\u2019re sometimes not very happy to see us or to get official-looking paper souvenirs through the post. But in reality, they\u2019re the lucky ones. That\u2019s [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/davebarf.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "If I had one chance to persuade you not to speed, here\u2019s what I\u2019d say\u2026 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/slow-down/
title: "If I had one chance to persuade you not to speed, here\u2019s what I\u2019d say\u2026"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/slow-down/
```

Last modified: 10 May 2018 at 11:19am

At a time of year when fatal and serious injury crashes in North Yorkshire typically increase, Roads Policing Inspector Dave Barf says 'if you saw what I saw, you'd slow down'.

Sometimes you get second chances in life. Other times you don’t.

As roads policing officers, we encounter lots of people who exceed the speed limit and get a second chance.

Roads Policing Inspector Dave Barf

They’re sometimes not very happy to see us or to get official-looking paper souvenirs through the post.

But in reality, they’re the lucky ones.

That’s because we also deal with people who speed and don’t get a second chance… far too many of them.

## What I wouldn't tell you

If I had one chance to persuade you not to speed, I wouldn’t tell you that speeding greatly increases your risk of having a crash. I wouldn’t tell you how that crash is much more likely to kill you or someone else.

I wouldn’t tell you because you already know that. You’re not stupid.

You know that at a higher speed your margin for error is much smaller, your time to react vanishes into the ether, and thinking time can be non-existent.

## I'd tell you what we have to see

What I would tell you is what we see.

The effects of high-speed crashes on the human body are absolutely horrendous.

I can tell you this because our teams and other emergency services witness them, close up and first hand, when they arrive at the scene of every fatal or serious injury collision.

We dealt with 47 fatal crashes last year alone.

The injuries we witness are generally only seen on a battlefield. So our officers who deal with major collisions are offered counselling. That includes officers who’ve dealt with these incidents for decades.

That should give you some idea of how horrific the aftermath of speed-related crashes can be.

## I'd tell you what we have to do

But that’s not where the aftermath ends. Every officer who’s had to visit the next of kin to share the devastating news that their loved one is dead remembers every moment of it.

How could anyone forget the look on the face of the wife, the husband or the parent who hears those horrendous words… their screams and sobs… their grief and anger?

Each time we knock on a door with that news, it marks the moment a family’s life changes forever. What had always been so seconds before will now never be the same again.

And remember, we had to have that horrible conversation with 47 families last year alone. That’s almost one a week.

That’s why we’re so passionate about keeping road users in North Yorkshire safe.

It’s true that the people involved in the collisions we deal with are all individuals and the circumstances all different.

You may be able to convince yourself that they weren’t as good a driver as you. Or that they did something you would never have done.

But bear this in mind… They all had one thing in common with you – not one of them left the house thinking they were taking their last trip and would never see their families again. Just like you do now, they thought it would never happen to them.

## I'd tell you straight

Throughout 2018, we’re going to share more of our experiences with you during our campaign, “ _If you saw what I saw…”_ in a bid to reduce your chances of being hurt – or worse – on North Yorkshire’s roads.

But for now, if I had one chance to persuade you to stick to the speed limit, I’d simply say this: If you saw what I saw, you would never speed.

You’d give yourself a chance to stop.

You only get one life. We want to make sure it doesn’t end on our county’s roads.

### Please share your feedback with us

#### _Do you think you 'll drive more carefully after reading this article? _

#### **_No Yes_**

Posted on 8 May 2018 at 01:54pm in News stories
