```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T09:42:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-13T09:42:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for the public&#039;s help in an assault investigation.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following York assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-york-assault/
title: Appeal following York assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-york-assault/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 09:42am

Officers are appealing for the public's help in an assault investigation.

It happened on Barker Lane at around 2.15am on Monday 2 May 2016.

A man and a woman were assaulted by a group of four men.

Police are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about four men believed to be involved in this incident.

The four males are all described as wearing black clothing and have travelled from the direction of Toft Green onto Barker Lane.

One male is described as bald, of stocky build, approximately 5ft8, in his fourties and wearing a yellow arm band.

A second male is described as having short black hair spiked up at the front with facial stubble.

Following the assault, all four males have continued onto Micklegate.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Amy Price. You can also email amy.price@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160076775.

Date 13th May 2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160076775

Posted on 13 May 2016 at 09:42am in News stories
