```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T16:04:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police and Get Safe Online are hosting a two day event in September with the aim of raising awareness of how to stay safe online.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08/Fotolia_88934379_Subscription_Monthly_L-300x156.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Get Safe Online event in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/get-safe-online-event-north-yorkshire/
title: Get Safe Online event in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/get-safe-online-event-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 23 August 2016 at 04:04pm

North Yorkshire Police and Get Safe Online are hosting a two day event in September with the aim of raising awareness of how to stay safe online.

The event will take place on Friday 2 and Saturday 3 September between 10am and 4pm at the McArthurGlen Designer outlet in York.

So far in 2016, there have been 470 incidents of Cybercrime reported to North Yorkshire Police and this number is only expected to increase as technology continues to develop across the globe.

The event will act as a “one stop shop” for members of the public to learn how to stay safe online.

Experts will offer information and advice about securing mobile devices and key tips on how not to put your security at risk when using the internet and mobile apps.

As well as officers from North Yorkshire Police, experts from Get Safe Online and a major bank will also be on hand to speak to members of the public.

**DCI Matt Walker, Head of Cybercrime at North Yorkshire Police said:**

“Cybercrime is an ever increasing threat and the number of reported incidents is on the rise.

“Whether of personal, financial or sexual nature, the fact is that this type of crime is a real threat here in North Yorkshire, and we need to do everything we can to stop online criminals from taking advantage of the people in our county.

“The modern day criminal has the technology and ingenuity to piece together data and personal information in order to target you via the internet. We all need to think about our activity and the information we publish online, making sure we are not exposing ourselves to the risk of Cybercrime.

“We must be extremely careful to ensure we have security and safety measures in place to stay safe online. This event at McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in York is all about helping people to understand how they can protect themselves and take some simple steps in order to reduce their chances of falling victim to this type of crime.

“Bring your phone, tablet or laptop along to the event and get advice form the experts, which will include officers from our Cybercrime Unit. Leaflets containing top tips on a number of issues relating to everyday online activity, such as how to use public Wi Fi safely, will also be available."

Posted on 23 August 2016 at 04:04pm in News stories
