```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-15T11:18:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-15T11:07:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "He is one of a number of motorists arrested during North Yorkshire\u2019s Christmas drink and drug drive campaign who have appeared in court this month. Fraser Dias, 18, of Harrogate, was arrested in the town on suspicion of drink driving and blew more than twice the legal limit when officers breathalysed him. He was fined [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/IMG_20180703_154354149_BURST001-e1547550551363.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Teenager arrested for drink driving two weeks after passing his test - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/teenager-banned-courts/
title: Teenager arrested for drink driving two weeks after passing his test
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/teenager-banned-courts/
```

Last modified: 15 January 2019 at 11:18am

A driver who passed his test a week before he was arrested for drink driving has been banned from the roads.

He is one of a number of motorists arrested during North Yorkshire’s Christmas drink and drug drive campaign who have appeared in court this month.

Fraser Dias, 18, of Harrogate, was arrested in the town on suspicion of drink driving and blew more than twice the legal limit when officers breathalysed him.

He was fined £120 with £115 costs and banned from driving for 20 months when he appeared in court on Thursday.

Between 1 December and 1 January, officers arrested 123 drivers on suspicion of drink or drug driving under the North Yorkshire-wide campaign.

Many of those charged are due in court in the coming weeks.

Several have already been sentenced by magistrates this month, including:

Steven Burns, 39, of York, banned for 18 months and fined £311 with £116 costs after he was charged with drink driving in York.

Varrie Edwards, 45, of Carlton Miniott near Thirsk, banned for 18 months and fined £120 with £115 costs after being charged with drink driving in Carlton Miniott.

Ben Scott, 19, of Bentham, banned for 22 months, a 12-week curfew and ordered to pay £250 compensation after being charged with drink driving and aggravated vehicle taking in Burton in Lonsdale.

Laura Camsey, 22, of Ripon, banned for 20 months and fined £384 with £123 costs after being charged with drink driving in Ripon.

Sylvia Horsman, 75, of Harrogate, banned for 12 months and fined £200 with £115 after being charged with drink driving in Harrogate.

Zaheer Ahmed, 47, of Batley, West Yorkshire, banned from driving for 20 months and fined £300 with £115 costs after being charged with drink driving in Staxton, Ryedale.

Traffic car

The number of drink and drug drivers arrested across the county fell by 10% this December compared to last, with lower average breathalyser readings and far fewer heavily-intoxicated drivers.

Sergeant Andy Morton, of North Yorkshire Police’s Roads Policing Group, said: “When we respond to crashes involving drunk or drugged-up drivers, we witness the indescribable carnage they cause to themselves and innocent people. If you saw what I saw, I guarantee you’d never even consider driving under the influence.

“That’s why we’ll continue to work with our 95 Alive road safety partners on education campaigns to change behaviours and carry out enforcement work throughout 2019 to get as many drink and drug drivers as possible banned from North Yorkshire’s roads.”

Posted on 15 January 2019 at 11:07am in News stories
