```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-26T10:44:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-26T10:30:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Update issued on Tuesday, 26 February: Officers are appealing for a person who they believe may have been a vital witness to a robbery in Harrogate earlier this month. Shortly before 5pm on Sunday, 17 February a 60-year-old man was robbed on Skipton Road with an amount of money being taken from his wallet. The [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Vital witness sought following Harrogate robbery - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-harrogate/
title: 'Update: Vital witness sought following Harrogate robbery'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 26 February 2019 at 10:44am

**Update issued on Tuesday, 26 February:** Officers are appealing for a person who they believe may have been a vital witness to a robbery in Harrogate earlier this month.

Shortly before 5pm on Sunday, 17 February a 60-year-old man was robbed on Skipton Road with an amount of money being taken from his wallet.

The victim suffered facial injuries and a broken rib during the assault and was taken to hospital for treatment.

Following a number of enquiries officers would now like to trace a man who is described as black, possibly a teenager and lives in the local Bilton area. He was seen riding a black Trek Remedy full suspension push bike. Officers stress that this man is being treated as a potential witness to the incident and encourage him to come forward and speak with them.

A 29-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the robbery and remains under investigation.

Anyone who can assist with the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police quoting reference 12190030063.

Information can also be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Update issued on Monday, 18 February:** A 29 year-old man has been arrested in connection with this offence and has been released under investigation. Officers continue appeal for any witnesses to the incident to come forward by calling 101.

**Original release: Appeal for information following robbery in Harrogate**

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a sixty year old man was robbed in Skipton Road, Harrogate.

The incident happened shortly before 5pm on Sunday 17 February, outside Kendalls Farm Butchers.

The victim was physically assaulted by an unknown man, and following the assault, the victim noticed an amount of cash was missing from his wallet.

The victim suffered facial injuries and a broken rib during the assault, and he was taken to hospital for treatment.

Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident to get in touch. In particular, officers are appealing for information about a white Vauxhall Combi Van which was seen in the area at the time.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to CID Harrogate.

Please quote reference number 12190030063 when passing on any information.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 26 February 2019 at 10:30am in News stories
