```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-17T15:43:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-17T11:16:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England and levels of knife crime in particular are low but officers this week are supporting a national campaign to keep our county this way. Operation Sceptre is a co-ordinated week of action, taking place across the country from today (Monday, 17 September). Locally, North Yorkshire [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Hand-300x183.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Op Sceptre: Week of action against knife crime - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/op-sceptre-week-of-action-against-knife-crime/
title: 'Op Sceptre: Week of action against knife crime'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/op-sceptre-week-of-action-against-knife-crime/
```

Last modified: 17 September 2018 at 04:43pm

North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England and levels of knife crime in particular are low but officers this week are supporting a national campaign to keep our county this way.

North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England and levels of knife crime in particular are low but officers this week are supporting a national campaign to keep our county this way.

Operation Sceptre is a co-ordinated week of action, taking place across the country from today (Monday, 17 September).

Locally, North Yorkshire Police will distribute interactive posters to schools to educate young children about the dangers of carrying knives, provide ‘surrender bins’ to give people an opportunity to dispose of knives and blades, and raise aware of the dangers of knife crime on social media.

It is not just young people officers would like to educate about the dangers knives can pose if they get into the wrong hands. People who have decorative knives, which may have belonged to older relatives or have been purchased abroad, are also being asked to surrender their potential weapons in one of the bins provided.

Knife collection bins will be placed in the following locations (opening times are subject to operational demand and may change at short notice)

**Harrogate & Craven**
Harrogate Beckwith Head Road 0800-2200 (Monday-Sunday)
Skipton 0900-1700 (Monday-Thursday) 0900-1630 (Friday)

**Hambleton & Richmondshire
**Northallerton (HQ) 0800-2200 (Monday – Sunday)
Richmond 0900-1700 (Monday – Thursday) 0900-1630 (Friday)

**Scarborough and Ryedale**
Scarborough 0800-2200 (Monday-Sunday)
Malton 0900-1700 (Monday- Thursday) 0900-1630 (Friday)

**York and Selby**
York 0800-2200 (Monday-Sunday)
Selby 0900-1700 (Monday-Thursday) 0900-1630 (Friday)

Online, the Force will publicise messages on social media.

Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, said: “Although North Yorkshire has relatively low levels of knife crime we are not complacent. There is no place for knife crime within society. This operation is designed, not only to remove knives from the streets but also to educate young people around the dangers of carrying a knife or weapon in public.

“We ask anyone with information on knife crime in their local community to contact us on 101, or pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Posted on 17 September 2018 at 12:16pm in News stories
