```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-30T12:22:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-30T12:11:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Harrogate district are urging residents to be vigilant after six people were arrested in connection with a spate of burglaries. Most of the properties were targeted during the hours of darkness. The majority were insecure and unattended. Officers are reminding residents to report anything suspicious and ensure their homes are secure and well [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police warning after six burglary arrests in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-warning-after-six-burglary-arrests-in-harrogate/
title: Police warning after six burglary arrests in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-warning-after-six-burglary-arrests-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 30 November 2020 at 12:22pm

Police in Harrogate district are urging residents to be vigilant after six people were arrested in connection with a spate of burglaries.

Most of the properties were targeted during the hours of darkness. The majority were insecure and unattended. Officers are reminding residents to report anything suspicious and ensure their homes are secure and well lit.

Detective Sergeant Tom Barker, from Harrogate’s Proactive Team, said: “It’s a common trend that during the lead up to Christmas we have a spate in burglaries. As a result, we have a dedicated team of officers out in the areas we know that are being targeted.

“If you see anything suspicious please don’t hesitate to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 (non-emergency) or 999 (in case of emergency).”

Det Sgt Barker said police were proactively tackling burglary and making arrests.

He added: “In the last week alone we’ve arrested six people in relation to dwelling burglaries in Harrogate and we will continue to disrupt crime in the district.

“However in the meantime, my plea to the public is to be vigilant. Please ensure you lock your doors and windows and vehicles. When you go out, leave a light on and never leave valuables on show in your house or car. Also consider purchasing motion detector security lights or CCTV.

“We often find that those houses with better security measures in place don’t get targeted by criminals – they are too difficult. Criminals are often lazy, they will target those houses they can easily get into without being caught.”

Six men aged in their 20's to 50's have been arrested in connection with four Harrogate burglaries within the last week in the Rossett, Oatlands, High Harrogate and Pannal Ash areas.

Items such as jewellery, cash, and electronic devices have been targeted during the break ins.

Police conducted detailed enquiries for each incident, including door-to-door and CCTV enquiries and media appeals.

The six men have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Posted on 30 November 2020 at 12:11pm in Burglary, News stories
