```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-06-30T14:09:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A vigilant farmer spotted suspicious activity on his land yesterday morning, Monday 29 June 2020. He followed the two suspects into nearby fields, while another family member called North Yorkshire Police on 999, just before 7.20am. Police officers, including a police dog, attended immediately, arriving within 15 minutes \u2013 and arrested two men, aged 24 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Quad bike theft suspects arrested \u2013 and told to stay out of North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-theft-suspects-arrested-and-told-to-stay-out-of-north-yorkshire/
title: "Quad bike theft suspects arrested \u2013 and told to stay out of North Yorkshire"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-theft-suspects-arrested-and-told-to-stay-out-of-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 30 June 2020 at 03:09pm

Two Hartlepool men have been arrested on suspicion of trying to steal quad bikes from a rural North Yorkshire farm – and told to stay out of the county.

A vigilant farmer spotted suspicious activity on his land yesterday morning, Monday 29 June 2020. He followed the two suspects into nearby fields, while another family member called North Yorkshire Police on 999, just before 7.20am.

Police officers, including a police dog, attended immediately, arriving within 15 minutes – and arrested two men, aged 24 and 17.

The 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and burglary.

Gloves, a spanner and a knife were seized from the 17-year-old suspect. He was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, burglary, going equipped for theft and possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.

On examining the scene – a farm north of Northallerton – it was established that a secure garage had been broken into, and tools and two quad bikes removed. The quad bikes – both Honda vehicles with unique agricultural attachments – were located nearby. Unfortunately they had been damaged, and may cost hundreds of pounds to repair.

Both suspects were taken into custody and interviewed. Last night they were released on bail while police enquiries continue. Both have been given bail conditions not to enter North Yorkshire for any reason, other than answering bail.

Speaking earlier this year, Inspector Matt Hagen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Quite apart from its monetary value, the loss of a quad can have a significant impact on a farm or other rural business – particularly in these difficult times, when farmers really cannot afford any further disruption.

“Police patrols in rural areas have not stopped, so if you see or hear anything suspicious, don’t hesitate to call us. If a crime is in progress, or someone suspected of a crime is nearby, call 999. If you don’t need an emergency response, please report anything suspicious to us using the 101 phone number. Any piece of information could help us build up a picture and bring criminals to justice.”

Posted on 30 June 2020 at 03:09pm in News stories
