```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T10:12:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-02T10:12:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a burglary at a property in Eryholme, near Darlington.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary in Eryholme - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-eryholme/
title: Appeal following burglary in Eryholme
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-eryholme/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 10:12am

Police are appealing for information following a burglary at a property in Eryholme, near Darlington.

The incident happened between the early hours and midday on Saturday 9 May.

A number of items, worth a total value of around £3,600, have been stolen from outbuildings and sheds in the garden of the property.

The stolen items consist of:

Stihl saw with diamond cutting blade

Stihl chainsaw x 3

Stihl strimmers x 2

Stihl leaf blower mulcher

Ryobi multi tool (strimmer, chainsaw and hedgecutter attachments)

Spectre precission laser level

Husquvanna self propelled 21″ rotary lawnmower

Powerwasher (non make) with Honda engine.

The offender (s) have forced padlocks from the doors of the wooden sheds and in some cases used screw drivers to undo the hasps and shackles to gain entry.

It is believed the offender (s) would have needed a large vehicle to have taken the items away in.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area at the time of the incident, or who has any information about the stolen tools, is asked to contact the police as a matter of urgency.

Dial 101, press option 2 and ask for PC Richard Grey or emailRichard.grey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Tuesday 12 May 2015.

Posted on 2 May 2015 at 10:12am in News stories
