```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-04T10:39:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-03T14:27:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Just after 5pm, police officers carrying out proactive patrols in the Queen Street area saw what they believed was a drug deal taking place. They followed the suspects to a flat nearby where they also seized numerous items suspected of being used in the supply of drugs, including a large amount of cash, mobile phones [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrested on suspicion of drug dealing in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-dealing-in-scarborough/
title: Five arrested on suspicion of drug dealing in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-dealing-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 4 July 2019 at 11:39am

Five suspected “county lines” drug dealers were arrested in Scarborough on Tuesday evening (2 July 2019).

Just after 5pm, police officers carrying out proactive patrols in the Queen Street area saw what they believed was a drug deal taking place.

They followed the suspects to a flat nearby where they also seized numerous items suspected of being used in the supply of drugs, including a large amount of cash, mobile phones and wraps of suspected class A drugs. They also discovered a number of people at the flat who were not the rightful residents.

In total five people were arrested on suspicion of the following offences:

A 19-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and money laundering.
A 17-year-old boy from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and obstructing the police
An 18-year-old woman from London and a man, 33 and a woman, 42, both from Scarborough, were all arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

The 18-year-old and 17-year-old remain in police custody at this time, the rest have been released while under investigation.

County lines is the term given to drug dealers who travel from urban areas to sell drugs in smaller county towns, using mobile phones to advertise their drugs.

If you suspect drug dealing is taking place in your neighbourhood, please call the police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Even the smallest piece of information can help us piece together the bigger picture.

**Things to look out for**

Increased callers at a property
Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
Different accents at a property
Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

12190119307

UPDATE 4 July: All five people have been released while under investigation.

Posted on 3 July 2019 at 03:27pm in News stories
