```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-07T16:59:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-07T16:59:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for help to identify the three different men captured in the CCTV images.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/Co-op-4-Feb-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following spate of thefts at Cross Hills Co-op - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-thefts-cross-hills-co-op/
title: Appeal following spate of thefts at Cross Hills Co-op
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-thefts-cross-hills-co-op/
```

Last modified: 7 March 2017 at 04:59pm

Police are appealing for help to identify the three different men captured in the CCTV images.

Officers want to speak to the men in connection with a spate of thefts at the Co-op service station in Skipton Road, Cross Hills.

A variety of products including bottles, washing powder and deodorant, were stolen from the store during five incidents of theft in February.

The first incident happened on Saturday 4 February 2017 between 3.20pm and 3.35pm, when the man with the tattoo and black jacket and the bald headed man were captured on CCTV at the store.

The man with the tattoo and black jacket was also captured on CCTV around the time of another theft, shortly after 8am on Thursday 9 February 2017. The man in the florescent jacket was also captured on CCTV at this time.

The same man with the tattoo and black jacket was also captured on CCTV around the time of another two thefts at the store, on Saturday 11 February 2017 at 7.25pm and on Saturday 18 February 2017 at 7.45pm.

There was another theft at the Co-op store on Friday 17 February 2017 shortly before 8pm.

Anyone who recognises the men, or who has any information, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, Press 2 and ask to speak to PC 180 Bell.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 7 March 2017 at 04:59pm in News stories
