```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-07-09T15:54:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Our Force Control Room took 487 emergency 999 calls in a 24 hour period (between 7am on Saturday and 7am on Sunday) which is one of the highest number of calls the force has ever seen, placing huge demand on resources. Numbers of 999 calls usually average between 200 and 300 a day, depending upon [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Demand is high as summer gets in full swing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/demand-is-high-as-summer-gets-in-full-swing/
title: Demand is high as summer gets in full swing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/demand-is-high-as-summer-gets-in-full-swing/
```

Last modified: 9 July 2018 at 04:54pm

North Yorkshire Police received a colossal number of calls this weekend (Saturday 7 and Sunday 8 July 2018) reflecting figures which have only ever been seen on a New Year’s Eve.

Our Force Control Room took 487 emergency **999** calls in a 24 hour period (between 7am on Saturday and 7am on Sunday) which is one of the highest number of calls the force has ever seen, placing huge demand on resources.

Numbers of **999** calls usually average between 200 and 300 a day, depending upon the time of year.

Non-emergency calls to **101** usually average between 500 and 650 a day and on Saturday we took 729.

The number of calls to **999** shows around a 30% increase in just one month, with high numbers on the 16 and 24 June 2018 of over 300.

Chief Inspector Charlotte Bloxham, Head of the Force Control Room, said:

“The summer is always a busy time for us however with the recent high temperatures and events such as local race meetings, concerts and the World Cup, we have seen increasingly high demand placed upon the force. This picture is replicated for forces up and down the country.

“We want to see our communities embracing the glorious weather and enjoying the events taking place across the county in the next few weeks, however we must ask that people enjoy themselves responsibly.

“Most revellers in towns and cities enjoy a few drinks in the sun, including football fans who have relished the on going success of England during this World Cup tournament, and return home without any issues.

“There are a small few, however, that ruin it for many by becoming aggressive or violent after too much to drink. We want to convey a clear message that we will continue to work around the clock to keep people safe and those who cause alarm or harm to others will be removed from the streets.”

The significant demand is set to continue this week, with a number of annual events taking place such as the Great Yorkshire Show, Seamer Fair, and York Races.

Rates of calls to the Force Control Room shows no signs of slowing and we now regularly receive in excess of 300 emergency **999** calls and 700 non-emergency **101** calls a day. Our call handlers and systems are handling the pressure well though, with emergency calls being taken within an average of 8.3 seconds and non-emergency calls answered in an average of 2 mins 46 seconds.

It’s vitally important that we are able to answer **999** calls in times of real emergency and send help soon as possible. Unfortunately we regularly take calls via the **999** number that are not genuine emergencies, such as an example shown in one of the short animations where someone dialled **999** to ask for a lift after missing their train. This call could of delayed a genuine life or death emergency getting through to us. Please help us to help you and only dial **999** in a genuine emergency.

In anticipation of levels increasing even further over the summer months, the force have launched a series of short animations, which feature real life scenarios that the FCR have received **999** calls about. It’s hoped the animations will provide guidance for the public on when to contact police and which number to call.

The animations will be featured on the force’s Facebook page - http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice/ Twitter account @NYorksPolice and website over the summer months - www.northyorkshire.police.uk /999or101

Posted on 9 July 2018 at 04:54pm in News stories
