```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-20T11:17:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-17T17:08:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: We have published the latest examples of Hate Crime cases in the Yorkshire and Humber region on our website.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Hate Crime sentences published - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hate-crime-sentences-published/
title: Hate Crime sentences published
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hate-crime-sentences-published/
```

Last modified: 20 August 2018 at 12:17pm

We have published the latest examples of Hate Crime cases in the Yorkshire and Humber region on our website.

The information is from the Crown Prosecution Service and covers the sentences given at court for a range of Hate Crimes between April and June 2018. You can read the information by clicking on the following link:

Examples of uplifts April - June 2018

https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Examples-of-uplifts-April-June-2018.pdf

Hate crime is defined as any criminal offence which is perceived by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice based on a person’s actual or perceived disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or gender identity. In May 2017 North Yorkshire Police added misogyny into its hate crime policy.

Being singled out and targeted with verbal or physical abuse, or having your property damaged because of your race, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender identify is incredibly intimidating.

Superintendent Mark Khan, the force lead for Hate Crime, said:

“The reason we publish this information is so people can have a better understanding about Hate Crime, what it is and what it means, by using some real examples. Hate Crime is a crime, and it will be taken seriously whenever an incident is reported to us.

“Hate Crime ruins people’s lives. That’s a fact and a fact we are not prepared to ignore.

“We will work to continue to support those who suffer Hate Crime and encourage victims to report it to police. However, it is not just down to victims to report hate crime. Local communities themselves can take a stand, speak out and not give hate crime a home in their own neighbourhoods, by reporting incidents they may have witnessed to police.

“The most important thing is to not accept this behaviour and not let it hide within our communities – report it. By reporting it, we can stop it.”

You can report hate crime to North Yorkshire Police by calling 101, or in the case of an emergency dial 999.

Posted on 17 August 2018 at 06:08pm in News stories
