```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-02-03T11:38:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A number of thefts have recently taken place in the Osbaldwick area of the city, and residents there are being asked to be particularly vigilant and check their vehicle\u2019s security. North Yorkshire Police officers and PCSOs have been deployed to the area, carrying out high-visibility patrols, and giving advice to owners of vehicles that could [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/shutterstock_1240093231-1-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Patrols increased in York following Osbaldwick catalytic converter thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/patrols-increased-in-york-following-osbaldwick-catalytic-converter-thefts/
title: Patrols increased in York following Osbaldwick catalytic converter thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/patrols-increased-in-york-following-osbaldwick-catalytic-converter-thefts/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2021 at 11:38am

Police patrols in York have been stepped up to help prevent thefts of catalytic converters.

A number of thefts have recently taken place in the Osbaldwick area of the city, and residents there are being asked to be particularly vigilant and check their vehicle’s security.

North Yorkshire Police officers and PCSOs have been deployed to the area, carrying out high-visibility patrols, and giving advice to owners of vehicles that could be at risk.

Thieves target catalytic converters for the scrap value of the precious metals found inside. Hybrid vehicles (whose catalytic converters tend to contain more precious metals) and 4x4s (whose higher chassis make them more vulnerable) are particularly at risk.

Higher prices for precious metals and the popularity of hybrid vehicles could be behind the latest thefts. Owners of Toyota and Honda hybrid cars are in particular being urged to take extra steps to protect their vehicles.

Sgt Laura Cromwell, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “While overall vehicle crime is low, catalytic converter theft is an increasingly common crime in our area. That’s why we’ve increased patrols, and are urging residents to take steps to protect their vehicles.

“We have recently seen a number of thefts in the Osbaldwick area in particular – inquiries are ongoing into these offences, but in the meantime I’d urge residents to be vigilant. If you notice suspicious activity around vehicles, contact the police – if you have information, call 101, and if a crime is in progress, call 999 immediately.”

Owners of all vehicles are urged to take extra precautions to protect their vehicles:

 * Park your car in a locked garage where possible, or a well-lit and populated area
 * Park close to fences, walls or a kerb, or alongside other vehicles, to make theft more difficult. Avoid parking half on the pavement and half on the road, as this may make it easier for thieves to access the catalytic converter
 * If you are responsible for a fleet of vehicles, park low-clearance vehicles to block high-clearance vehicles and obstruct access underneath
 * Ask your local garage about security measures such as a cage device to lock around the converter, a tilt sensor to activate an alarm if the vehicle is jacked up, or equipment to etch a serial number on the converter itself.
 * If you see someone acting suspiciously under a vehicle, report it to the police. If a crime is in progress, dial 999. Do not approach the suspects, but obtain as much information as possible, including any vehicle registrations.

Anyone with information related to the theft of catalytic converters should call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you see a theft in progress, call 999.

Alternatively information can be given anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 3 February 2021 at 11:38am in News stories
