```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-25T14:49:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-25T14:24:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a large scale violent incident in Filey.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following violent incident in Filey - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-in-filey/
title: Appeal following violent incident in Filey
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-violent-incident-in-filey/
```

Last modified: 25 August 2018 at 03:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a large scale violent incident in Filey.

The incident occurred in the rear beer garden of The Top House (Station Hotel) public house, Church Street, Filey between 10.45pm and 23.15pm on Saturday 18 August 2018.

The incident escalated into Laundry Road, and it involved an altercation between a number of people, both men and women. Bottles and garden furniture were used by some of the people involved.

A number of people were seriously injured during the incident, with several people requiring hospital treatment. One man was knocked unconscious, received facial injuries and suffered heavy bruising and one man sustained a large cut to his face and another man lost a number of teeth among other facial injuries. There were a number of other people that suffered cuts and bruising as a result of this incident.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1422 Tom Eaglestone. You can also email Thomas.eaglestone@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180154357.

Date [24 August 2018]

***************************************

Contact details:
 Tom Eaglestone \- #1422
thomas.eaglestone@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12180154357
Posted on 25 August 2018 at 03:24pm in Local appeals
