```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-04-23T13:23:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Mark Anthony Boyce, aged 56, was sentenced to 20 months\u2019 imprisonment, suspended for two years, at York Crown Court today (Thursday 23 April 2020) after previously pleading guilty to a series of indecent images of children (IIOC) offences. These included making 11,145 of the most serious Category A images, 12,177 Category B images and 121,047 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/04/Mark-Anthony-Boyce-dob-01-12-1963-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Whitby man sentenced for indecent images of children offences linked to American child rape suspect - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-man-sentenced-for-indecent-images-of-children-offences-linked-to-american-child-rape-suspect/
title: Whitby man sentenced for indecent images of children offences linked to American child rape suspect
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-man-sentenced-for-indecent-images-of-children-offences-linked-to-american-child-rape-suspect/
```

Last modified: 23 April 2020 at 02:23pm

Specialist detectives from North Yorkshire Police have brought a perverted Whitby man to justice and helped to safeguard a young girl in America from further sexual abuse.

Mark Anthony Boyce, aged 56, was sentenced to 20 months’ imprisonment, suspended for two years, at York Crown Court today (Thursday 23 April 2020) after previously pleading guilty to a series of indecent images of children (IIOC) offences.

These included making 11,145 of the most serious Category A images, 12,177 Category B images and 121,047 Category C images.

He also admitted distributing two Category C images, possessing 150 prohibited images of a child and possessing 114 extreme pornographic images.

Boyce, who has been remanded in custody for six months following his arrest and charge to his appearance at court for the sentencing, also has to complete a course of rehabilitation and has been placed on the sex offenders’ register.

**Background to the case**

Information was received by North Yorkshire Police in early 2019 that IIOC had been shared online from an address in Whitby.

Following further work to develop the intelligence, North Yorkshire Police’s Online Abuse and Exploitation Team arrested Boyce on 15 October 2019.

Searches were conducted at his home and work addresses, as well as in the vehicles he used. This resulted in the seizure of a laptop, mobile phone and tablet devices which were subjected to in depth analysis by the force’s Digital Forensics Unit.

Boyce was charged with the offences and was remanded in custody ahead of appearing at court.

Enquiries were also conducted into Boyce’s involvement with a local swimming club where he was the chairman and a coach. Concerned parents can be reassured that no related offences came to light during the investigation.

**Sinister link to child rape suspect in Arizona, USA**

The investigation took an even more sinister turn regarding two videos in Boyce’s sickening collection which appeared to show a man raping a girl aged between 10 and 12.

Detective Constable Clair Gascoyne, the officer in the case, highlighted these videos to the Victim ID Officer as part of the strategy to locate and safeguard any abused children.

The Victim ID Officer was able to use his specialist skills to provide a number of features from the scene to assist in the identification of the location.

Working with US law enforcement agencies and the Queensland Police Service in Australia who were also running an investigation, DC Gascoyne and the team were able to help identify both the victim and the suspect.

Jesse Anthony Garcia, aged 29, from Goodyear, Arizona, was arrested and charged with sexual exploitation of a minor on 22 March 2020.

He appeared at Maricopa County Superior Court the following day where he was held in custody on a $1 million bond. He will appear before the court again in due course.

Thankfully, the child victim has been safeguarded from further alleged abuse.

**Detective Sergeant Lee Allenby, Online Abuse and Exploitation Team** :

“North Yorkshire Police is committed to preventing child sexual abuse, helping victims and bringing offenders to justice.

“It is a crime that can affect a child at anytime and anywhere. Those who obtain and distribute child abuse material - sickening and perverted individuals such as Mark Boyce - directly contribute to the sexual exploitation of children. This is because the children involved are continually re-victimised.

“It is very satisfying that we were able to identify the suspect for alleged offences in another country and ensure the vulnerable young victim is now receiving the professional support and care they so desperately needed.”

**Reporting suspected crimes involving indecent images of children and sexual exploitation and seeking support**

 * Please contact **North Yorkshire Police** on 101. If you are in immediate danger, always dial 999 for an emergency response
 * **Child Exploitation Online Protection command (CEOP)** - http://ceop.police.uk/
 * **Internet Watch Foundation** - https://www.iwf.org.uk/
 * Victims who would prefer not to go direct to the police and are not in immediate danger, can contact **Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre** (SARC), on 0330 223 0362, email bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net or go to www.bridgehousesarc.org/
 * You can also contact the **Supporting Victims Unit** direct at www.supportingvictims.org or call 01609 643100
 * **NSPCC Helplines:** Help for adults concerned about a child – call 0808 800 5000; Help for children and young people – call Childline on 0800 1111; Go to https://www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/

Posted on 23 April 2020 at 02:23pm in News stories
