```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-09-27T09:38:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Andrew, who worked for G4S, was driving a blue G4S Mercedes Benz van when he was involved in a collision with a white HGV articulated lorry on the A1(M) northbound, between J48 at Boroughbridge and J49 at Dishforth at 5.05am. He sadly died at the scene due to the injuries he sustained. The A1(M) was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man named following fatal collision on the A1(M) on Friday 22 September 2017 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-named-following-fatal-collision-a1m-friday-22-september-2017/
title: Man named following fatal collision on the A1(M) on Friday 22 September 2017
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-named-following-fatal-collision-a1m-friday-22-september-2017/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2017 at 10:38am

Police are now in a position to name the man who died in the collision on the A1(M) on Friday 22 September 2017. He was 44-year-old Andrew Keir from Middlesbrough.

Andrew, who worked for G4S, was driving a blue G4S Mercedes Benz van when he was involved in a collision with a white HGV articulated lorry on the A1(M) northbound, between J48 at Boroughbridge and J49 at Dishforth at 5.05am. He sadly died at the scene due to the injuries he sustained.

The A1(M) was closed to allow officers from the North Yorkshire Police Major Collision Investigation Unit to conduct a thorough investigation of the collision scene. The road was reopened at 1pm.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and police are appealing for any witnesses, or anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of the collision, to contact them on 101, select option 2, and ask to speak to Hamish Halloway.

Alternatively you can email Hamish.Halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference number 12170170088.

Andrew’s employers, G4S Cash Solutions have released the following statement. G4S Cash Solutions Operations Director, John Lennox said:

“It is with great sadness that we can confirm that Andrew Keir, lost his life in a road traffic accident on the A1(M) in North Yorkshire on Friday 22 September 2017.

"Andrew first joined the team at G4S Teesside in 1997 as a driver and, despite briefly working with another company in 2005, re-joined G4S in July of that year. He was a highly respected member of the team who worked in cash processing and branch security before returning to the road and ultimately to HGV driving. Having worked across so many areas of G4S in Teesside he built a wide network of colleagues and friends both at the branch and across the country. He will be sadly missed by all at G4S Cash Solutions.

"Our thoughts and condolences are with Andrew’s family, friends and colleagues during this difficult time.

"The investigation into the accident is being led by North Yorkshire Police.”

Posted on 27 September 2017 at 10:38am in News stories
