```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-20T10:50:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-18T12:45:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We understand this has been a difficult time for many licensees whose businesses may be at risk. However, we urge licensees not to risk their licence in anticipation of restrictions being lifted. As restrictions begin to ease &#8211;\_and although we do not know exactly when premises will be able to fully reopen\_ &#8211; \_we urge [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/beer-shutterstock-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Coronavirus - police and partners urge licensees not to risk their licence ahead of Covid19 restrictions easing \_ - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/coronavirus-police-and-partners-urge-licensees-not-to-risk-their-licence-ahead-of-covid19-restrictions-easing/
title: Coronavirus - police and partners urge licensees not to risk their licence ahead of Covid19 restrictions easing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/coronavirus-police-and-partners-urge-licensees-not-to-risk-their-licence-ahead-of-covid19-restrictions-easing/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2020 at 11:50am

There has been much speculation recently about how licensed premises may operate in the future following the easing of Covid-19 restrictions and what measures may be implemented to allow premises to reopen ensuring compliance with Government guidance.

We understand this has been a difficult time for many licensees whose businesses may be at risk. However, we urge licensees not to risk their licence in anticipation of restrictions being lifted.

As restrictions begin to ease - and although we do not know exactly when premises will be able to fully reopen - we urge licensees to ensure that they remain in compliance with the current Health Protection Coronavirus Restrictions (England) Regulations 2020 and the Licensing Act 2003, ensure they comply with their premise’s licence conditions, and continue to promote the four licensing objectives, which are:

 * Prevention of Crime and Disorder
 * Prevention of Public Nuisance
 * Public Safety
 * Protection of Children from Harm

North Yorkshire Police work closely in partnership with all eight licensing authorities across York and North Yorkshire on a daily basis.

Environmental Health and Trading Standards officers will monitor compliance with these regulations, with police support provided if appropriate.

Failure to comply with the regulations or breaches of their premises licence could result in a prosecution and/or a review of their licence.

Where police receive reports and have to respond to incidents of crime and disorder at, or associated with licensed premises, officers will continue to engage with licensees and explain the restrictions and encourage them to comply.

However where there is continued antisocial behaviour associated with a premises, consideration may be given to a closure notice under Section 76 of the Antisocial Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

As we begin to ease out of lockdown, licensees are encouraged to liaise with their local authority and police licensing officer if they have queries in respect of the regulations and the operation of their premises.

If you wish to report a suspected breach of a licence should contact the relevant licensing authority at your city, district or borough council. Details can be found on each council’s website.

**Area** **Website**
Craven Craven District Council
Hambleton Hambleton District Council
Harrogate Harrogate Borough Council
Richmondshire Richmondshire District Council
Ryedale Ryedale District Council
Scarborough Scarborough Borough Council
Selby Selby District Council
York City of York Council
Posted on 18 June 2020 at 01:45pm in News stories
