```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-08T13:02:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-08T12:09:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "York\u2019s Neighbourhood Policing Team officers are urging people living in villages on the outskirts of the city to be vigilant, after burglaries linked to vehicles, and other suspicious activity. Several of the incidents appear to involve valuable cars being particularly targeted. During the day of Monday 5 November 2018, two burglaries were reported in Nether [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Local policing operation put in gear after York &#039;2-in-1&#039; burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-policing-operation-put-in-gear-after-york-2-in-1-burglaries/
title: Local policing operation put in gear after York '2-in-1' burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-policing-operation-put-in-gear-after-york-2-in-1-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2018 at 01:02pm

Police patrols are being stepped up, and residents asked to check their security, after high-performance cars were stolen from rural areas on the outskirts of York.

York’s Neighbourhood Policing Team officers are urging people living in villages on the outskirts of the city to be vigilant, after burglaries linked to vehicles, and other suspicious activity.

Several of the incidents appear to involve valuable cars being particularly targeted.

During the day of Monday 5 November 2018, two burglaries were reported in Nether Poppleton, one of which resulted in an Audi A1 being stolen.

Overnight from Tuesday 6 into Wednesday 7 November, an Audi Q3 was stolen from Wheldrake, and it is believed another vehicle was also targeted, although not taken.

The same night, a burglary was reported in Elvington, and separately, suspicious activity was reported around a vehicle in the village.

Home break-ins in which a car is also stolen are known as ‘2-in-1 burglaries’, or ‘Hanoi burglaries’ – a reference to ‘Operation Hanoi’, a police operation to crack down on this kind of crime. Thieves break into your home, take your car keys and steal your car. Whilst in your home, they may help themselves to your other property too. Properties with high-performance cars parked outside are more likely to be targeted.

However, local policing operations targeting opportunistic burglars are having an effect. York remains an extremely safe city – there were 84 recorded burglaries (including residential and commercial premises) in October 2018, down from 104 in October 2017.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Residents can be reassured that we are responding to these incidents by stepping up proactive patrols, and making sure people are aware of the importance of home security.

“There are three very easy steps you can take to reduce the chances of becoming a victim of a 2-in-1 burglary – lock your car, secure your home and hide your keys.

“Now that the nights are drawing in, it’s a really good time to review your home security. As well as keeping car keys secure, consider installing trackers in particularly valuable vehicles, as well as CCTV systems and house alarms in your property.

“I’d also like to invite residents to contact their local Neighbourhood Policing Team on 101 for expert crime prevention advice from one of our officers or PCSOs. We can survey your security arrangements, and offer advice on keeping your home, property and family safe.”

Residents are also urged to report suspicious activity to the police via 101 (or 999 if a crime is in progress). Even the smallest piece of information – however seemingly insignificant – could prove crucial in bringing criminals to justice.

Posted on 8 November 2018 at 12:09pm in News stories
