```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-02T16:09:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-02T11:48:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On Saturday 30 June, a house on Pickering Road, West Ayton was burgled between 10.45am and 1.45pm. The offender(s) gained entry by breaking French patio doors and stole a jewellery box and jewellery roll containing jewellery. On the same day, a property on Cornelian Drive was targeted sometime after 3pm. When the 92 year-old owner [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following burglaries in Scarborough district - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-burglaries-in-scarborough-district/
title: Appeal for information following burglaries in Scarborough district
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-burglaries-in-scarborough-district/
```

Last modified: 2 July 2018 at 05:09pm

Police are warning homeowners to be vigilant following a number of burglaries in Scarborough district.

On Saturday 30 June, a house on Pickering Road, West Ayton was burgled between 10.45am and 1.45pm. The offender(s) gained entry by breaking French patio doors and stole a jewellery box and jewellery roll containing jewellery.

On the same day, a property on Cornelian Drive was targeted sometime after 3pm. When the 92 year-old owner returned to his home at 4.15pm, he found the house ransacked and items of jewellery, a bottle of rum and a bottle of Bucks Fizz had been stolen.

Also on 30 June, between 1.40pm and 7.10pm, offenders attempted to gain entry to a property on Cornelian Close. Fortunately, the offenders didn’t gain access to the property and no items were taken.

Anyone who has any information which might help the investigation into these burglaries is urged to get in touch. Maybe you saw something suspicious in the area at the time of these incidents, or maybe you have been offered to buy some jewellery.

A 16 year-old boy and two 15 year-old boys, who were seen in the area at the time that the Cornelian Drive burglary took place, were arrested and charged with burglary and attempted burglary.

The 16 year-old boy, and one of the 15 Year-old boys, were remanded in custody and appeared at York Magistrates’ Court on Monday 2 July. The second 15 year-old boy is due to appear at Scarborough Youth Court on 17 July.

Thankfully, the items of jewellery from the property on Cornelian Drive have been recovered after three males were seen to discard a bag containing them.

If anyone has any information, any CCTV footage, or saw anyone acting suspiciously in any of the mentioned areas at the time, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and ask to speak to Scarborough Investigation Hub or email InvestigationHubScarborough@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Police want to remind home owners to be vigilant against burglars and ensure your property is secure at all times. Visit our online Safety and Security Advice centre at northyorkshire.police.uk/crimeprevention

Please quote reference number 12180117320 when providing any information.

Posted on 2 July 2018 at 12:48pm in News stories
