```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-18T15:33:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-18T15:33:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Jamie Smith, Community Speed Watch coordinator from the North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau went along to speak to the children about road safety and took along some of the equipment used by Community Speed Watch groups, so the children could have a go. Junior school council members and some of the school&#8217;s junior road safety [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/CSW-Tockwith-Primary-School-300x178.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Community Speed Watch goes back to school - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-speed-watch-goes-back-school/
title: Community Speed Watch goes back to school
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-speed-watch-goes-back-school/
```

Last modified: 18 July 2017 at 04:33pm

Children from Tockwith Primary School spent some time monitoring traffic outside of their school recently, after learning about the role their local Community Speed Watch team plays in keeping their village safe.

Jamie Smith, Community Speed Watch coordinator from the North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau went along to speak to the children about road safety and took along some of the equipment used by Community Speed Watch groups, so the children could have a go.

Junior school council members and some of the school's junior road safety officers measured the speed of passing vehicles, to help spread awareness of the need to slow down when passing the school and driving through the village. They received plenty of thumbs up and waves from supportive motorists.

Despite the soaring temperatures, the children were excellent at recording the speed of the vehicles and recognising car makes and models.

Speaking about the afternoon Jamie said “The children were brilliant and really interested in the equipment used to help keep their village safe. They all paid close attention to the presentation and hopefully have learnt some lifelong road safety tips which will help to keep them safe.

"I’d like to thank the Headmaster, all the teachers and of course, the children at Tockwith Primary School for making us feel so welcome and making the session such a success.”

North Yorkshire Police now have 15 live Community Speed Watch sites across the whole of North Yorkshire. The areas that have launched a taking part have seen significant reductions in vehicle speeds and driver's behaviour.

More information on the scheme and how interested communities can register an interest in setting up their own Community Speed Watch group, is available on the North Yorkshire Police website. Alternatively contact can be made by emailing CommunitySpeedWatch@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 18 July 2017 at 04:33pm in News stories
