```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-16T23:59:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in the north of York have launched a new high-visibility operation to protect property and deter burglars.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York police step up the fight against burglars - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-step-fight-burglars-2/
title: York police step up the fight against burglars
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-police-step-fight-burglars/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

Police in the north of York have launched a new high-visibility operation to protect property and deter burglars.

As part of Operation Joypad, officers from the York North Safer Neighbourhood Team are carrying out high-visibility patrols and physically checking properties to ensure they are secure. The operation is also strongly supported by Special Constables, volunteer police officers with full police powers who give up their own time to protect their communities.

Hundreds of properties have already been checked, and when an insecure property is identified, officers contact the homeowner and provide suitable crime prevention advice.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The number of insecure properties we have found so far is reassuringly low. However, any insecure door or window is a risk.

"During the summer months, people tend to spend more time in rear gardens and leave their front doors open or unlocked. There is also the 'hectic dinner time' period with people returning from work, collecting children from school and so on, when locking the door may not be high on the priority list.

"Unfortunately, to a burglar, an unlocked door is an invitation - they will simply walk into the house and remove car keys, laptops and any other valuables they can see."

Operation Joypad patrols took place on Tuesday evening in the Heworth Without area, and the operation has already been very positively received by the community, with 10 - 15 officers patrolling the area and keeping it safe. Officers on Joypad patrols will always be in full police uniform and will always identify themselves to homeowners - if residents do see anything suspicious they should contact the police immediately.

In a further blow to burglars, York police have recently invested in dot peen property marking equipment that permanently marks valuables such as laptops, mobile phones and cycles. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide evidence vital in securing prosecutions. To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, contact your local police team, or follow them on Twitter at **@snayorkcityeast** , **@snayorknorth** or **@snayorkwest** - the service is promoted with the hashtag **#whatisdotpeen**.

For more information about home security and property marking, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also install North Yorkshire Police's home security web app, **BurglarProof** , atburglarproof.nyp.mobi. And you can download our interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad - just search for " **Securing your home** " on iTunes.

Posted on 16 July 2015 at 11:59pm in News stories
