```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-24T14:29:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On the evening of Saturday 30 June 2018, shortly before midnight, Major attended a property at East Mount Flats, Longwestgate in Scarborough.\_He entered the flat and while the 22-year-old victim was asleep in bed, subjected him to a violent assault, using a mirror to strike the victim\u2019s head. Major used extreme physical force, causing serious [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/MAJOR-Lee-Terence-021180-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough man sentenced to 13 years in prison after violent assault on sleeping victim - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-after-violent-assault-on-sleeping-victim/
title: Scarborough man sentenced to 13 years in prison after violent assault on sleeping victim
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-man-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-after-violent-assault-on-sleeping-victim/
```

Last modified: 24 August 2018 at 03:29pm

37-year-old Lee Terence Major of Princess Royal Terrace, Scarborough has appeared in York Crown Court today (Friday 24 August 2018) and been sentenced to 13 years in prison and given an indefinite restraining order, for wounding with intent and assault by beating.

On the evening of Saturday 30 June 2018, shortly before midnight, Major attended a property at East Mount Flats, Longwestgate in Scarborough. He entered the flat and while the 22-year-old victim was asleep in bed, subjected him to a violent assault, using a mirror to strike the victim’s head. Major used extreme physical force, causing serious injury to the man, who required hospitalization.

During the course of the assault, he also punched a 29-year-old woman who was trying stop Major’s assault.

Following a public appeal, North Yorkshire Police located and arrested Major on Monday 2 July 2018. He was later charged and remanded into custody by police.

Following an extensive and detailed investigation by the Serious Crime Team at Scarborough & Ryedale, Major appeared at York Crown Court on Monday 30 July 2018, where he pleaded guilty to the offences.

Commenting on the sentence handed to Major today, Investigating Officer DC David Adams said:

“This was a very complex investigation conducted by officers from the Serious Crime Team and the local policing team in Scarborough and Ryedale. Thanks to the immediate response from officers and their thorough and professional actions to secure and preserve vital evidence at the scene of the crime, we have been able to secure a lengthy sentence, which reflects the severity of Major’s actions and the injury and trauma he subjected the victims to.”

“I would also like to thank members of the public who assisted the police with this investigation. Without their assistance we would not have been able to secure the conviction of Major. I'd also like to thank the victims, who suffered due to Major's actions. Their lives will never be the same again and the events of that evening will stay with them forever. I hope the sentence passed today provides some closure and gives them a chance to move on to the future."

Posted on 24 August 2018 at 03:29pm in News stories
