```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-13T15:03:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A cycle safety campaign is continuing in York this month, as North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council urge cyclists to keep safe on the roads.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cycle safety operation heads to the east of York this week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cycle-safety-operation-heads-east-york-week/
title: Cycle safety operation heads to the east of York this week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cycle-safety-operation-heads-east-york-week/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A cycle safety campaign is continuing in York this month, as North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council urge cyclists to keep safe on the roads.

In a high-profile operation, dubbed Operation Shimmer, officers have been targeting the minority of cyclists in York who cause a danger to themselves and others by cycling without lights during hours of darkness, as well as those who cycle on footpaths. They have also been available to speak to cyclists to provide them with advice and information about cycle safety.

As part of the campaign, City of York Council has funded high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights. They are offered to young people and other vulnerable people who would otherwise have to walk home if they were forced to continue their journey without lights. Officers have also been issuing Traffic Offence Reports for cycling offences if necessary.

In the latest phase of the campaign, officers will be checking cyclists particularly in the eastern area of York on weeknights this week. The campaign is set to continue in different areas through to January 2017.

PCSO Hannah Gaskell, of York Police, said: “Having lights in good working order on your bike is essential to ensure that other road users can see you. It gets dark very early now, so it’s particularly important that cyclists take road safety seriously. Operation Shimmer has been very well-received by cyclists, pedestrians and motorists so far. Thanks to our joint work with City of York Council, cyclists who put themselves and others at risk can be educated and sent on their way, not just with a ticket or fine, but also with the means to get home safely if they are vulnerable.”

City of York Council Executive Member for Transport and Planning, Cllr Ian Gillies, said: “It’s always important for cyclists to be aware of dark mornings and evenings, especially with the clocks going back at the end of the month. This joint initiative is now in its third year and is a real positive move to educate cyclists about the importance of being clearly visible on the road. I urge all those who do cycle to forward plan and ensure they have working lights that they check regularly and bright clothing.”

Posted on 13 December 2016 at 03:03pm in News stories
