```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-08T14:02:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-08T13:50:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Steven Brown, of Harmby near Leyburn, must pay back \xA38,640 within three months or face going to prison, a judge at Teesside Crown Court has ruled. In December, the 33-year-old pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of class-A drugs, namely cocaine, when he appeared at the same court. It followed a search warrant [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Drug dealer told to repay \xA38,600 of criminal earnings or face jail - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proceeds-of-crime-drugs/
title: "Drug dealer told to repay \xA38,600 of criminal earnings or face jail"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proceeds-of-crime-drugs/
```

Last modified: 8 May 2017 at 02:02pm

A convicted drug dealer has been ordered to repay thousands of pounds he earned by selling cocaine following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police.

Steven Brown, of Harmby near Leyburn, must pay back £8,640 within three months or face going to prison, a judge at Teesside Crown Court has ruled.

In December, the 33-year-old pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of class-A drugs, namely cocaine, when he appeared at the same court.

It followed a search warrant carried out at his Harmby home in June 2016 by the Leyburn Neighbourhood Police Team, with the support of specialist search officers.

The judge gave Brown a 12-month suspended custodial sentence and a tagged curfew.

However, North Yorkshire Police also submitted an application under the Proceeds of Crime Act to force Brown to pay back his illicit gains.

The confiscation order was granted on 18 April.

Richmondshire Inspector Mark Gee said: “ The confiscation order imposed on Steven Brown shows that crime and dealing drugs does not pay.

“Such criminal activities create harm and misery in families and communities.

“We will continue to pursue those involved, including those hiding in rural communities.

“I also appeal to members of the public to contact the police with any information on drug crime in our area.”

Anyone with information about the illegal sale or use of drugs is encouraged to report it to North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Posted on 8 May 2017 at 01:50pm in News stories
