```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-28T15:14:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a single vehicle collision in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following single vehicle collision in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-single-vehicle-collision-in-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses following single vehicle collision in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-single-vehicle-collision-in-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a single vehicle collision in York.

It happened on the level crossing located on Haxby Road in York at 12.45am on Sunday 24 June 2018. The vehicle involved was a red Volkswagon.

This vehicle having collided with a fixed object then came to a stop on the level crossing itself, posing a substantial risk to others.

The driver was taken to hospital following the collision with non-life threatening injures and had since been released. No other persons were injured

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who saw the collision occur or events leading up to it. We are also keen to hear from anyone who may have dash cam footage.

A 26 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of drink driving and careless driving.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC41 Ellison. You can also email david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180112515

Follow us on Twitter: @NYorksPolice

Date 28/06/2018

Contact details:
 DAVE ELLISON \- #0041
david.ellison0041@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30041 Woke mobile - 07741174815
Incident reference:
 12180112515
Posted on 28 June 2018 at 04:14pm in Local appeals
