```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-01-07T14:57:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Area where Notice Issued Local Residents Visitors Outdoor Gathering Indoor Gathering Obstruct / Contravene Being Outside Place of Living Craven &nbsp; 4 &nbsp; 4 &nbsp; &nbsp; Hambleton 4 &nbsp; 4 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Harrogate &nbsp; 4 &nbsp; 4 &nbsp; &nbsp; Richmond 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; Ryedale &nbsp; 3 &nbsp; 3 &nbsp; &nbsp; Scarborough [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fixed penalty notices issued for Coronavirus breaches 2/12/2020 - 5/1/20201 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-for-coronavirus-breaches-2-12-2020-5-1-20201/
title: Fixed penalty notices issued for Coronavirus breaches 2/12/2020 - 5/1/20201
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-for-coronavirus-breaches-2-12-2020-5-1-20201/
```

Last modified: 7 January 2021 at 02:57pm

North Yorkshire Police have today issued the number of Fixed Penalty Notices issued between 2 December 2020 and 5 January 2021 for Coronavirus breaches

**Area where Notice Issued** **Local Residents** **Visitors** **Outdoor Gathering** **Indoor Gathering** **Obstruct / Contravene** **Being Outside Place of Living**
**Craven** 4 4
**Hambleton** 4 4
**Harrogate** 4 4
**Richmond** 2 2
**Ryedale** 3 3
**Scarborough** 149 32 2 171 7 1
**Selby** 3 3
**York** 39 115 3 147 4
**TOTALS** 194 161 9 334 7 5

Between 2/12/2020 and 5/1/2021 355 FPNs have been issued in total, broken down as follows:

 * 194 to local residents
 * 161 to visitors
 * 9 for outdoor gatherings
 * 334 for indoor gathering - 51% (171) of those have been in the Scarborough district.

Speaking about the number of FPNs issued in Scarborough for breaches of the indoor gathering rules, Chief Inspector Rachel Wood said:

“While the majority of Scarborough residents have followed the guidance and understood the rules around social gatherings, unfortunately the figures show that there was a minority of people who chose to openly flout the rules and host and attend house parties.

“Our Neighbourhood Policing Teams attended a number of incidents over the festive season and had to take enforcement action, as sadly some people did not disperse and go home when instructed.

“I cannot stress enough how serious our current situation is. As a nation we have moved into new national restrictions and we are being told to once again stay home to save lives and protect our health service. We are seeing infection rates rise and the impact of the virus and the new more transmissible strain is really being felt by our hospitals and healthcare colleagues. People are losing their loved ones to this virus every day.

“So I am urging Scarborough residents to stick to the rules, especially as we approach the first weekend of the new national restrictions. Stay home and only leave if it is for an essential reason such as shopping or medical assistance. People are not permitted to gather indoor or outdoors socially and you should not be meeting anyone outside your own household or support bubble. For more guidance on the restrictions and what you are allowed to do, visit the gov.uk website.

“Our local patrol plans have been revised and we have increased our presence and visibility in our local communities, so members of the public will see officers on the roads and patrolling our local areas. We will take enforcement action against those who are breaking the rules and putting the wider community at risk from this deadly virus. So please stay home and stay safe.”

Posted on 7 January 2021 at 02:57pm in News stories
