```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-31T09:52:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-31T09:52:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The LGBT+ Ally Programme aims to create a safe and inclusive environment for staff and officers of all sexual identities and genders at North Yorkshire Police and to advocate for a culture of equality, diversity, and inclusion. The LGBT+ Ally Programme initiative is led by the force\u2019s LGBT+ Network and is open to any person [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/05/D7VnBBCWsAY6yth1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police launches LGBT+ Ally Programme - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-lgbt-ally-programme/
title: North Yorkshire Police launches LGBT+ Ally Programme
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-lgbt-ally-programme/
```

Last modified: 31 May 2019 at 10:52am

North Yorkshire Police has launched an LGBT+ Ally Programme as it continues to work towards increasing the knowledge, awareness, and support of LGBT+ colleagues within the force.

The LGBT+ Ally Programme aims to create a safe and inclusive environment for staff and officers of all sexual identities and genders at North Yorkshire Police and to advocate for a culture of equality, diversity, and inclusion.

The LGBT+ Ally Programme initiative is led by the force’s LGBT+ Network and is open to any person within North Yorkshire Police who supports its vision and mission.

An LGBT+ Ally is someone who doesn’t identify as LGBT+ however actively supports the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender community and works to end discrimination and promote equality through acting as an advocate for LGBT+ individuals.

Those within the force who pledge to become an LGBT+ Ally are encouraged to:

 * Ask: Learn more about their LGBT+ colleagues and the LGBT+ community, be supportive, and not be afraid of asking the wrong thing.
 * Listen: Listen with an open and sympathetic mind, talk openly and positively about LGBT+ communities to colleagues and friends and make it known they’re a safe place for LGBT+ individuals.
 * Respect: Never make assumptions or judgements, never ‘out’ a person and be mindful of pronouns (He/She/They). If in doubt, LGBT+ Allies should ask.
 * Challenge: Speak up and challenge any discriminatory, homophobic, biphobic or transphobic language including ‘banter’ jokes or slurs.
 * Pride: Be proud to be an LGBT+ Ally and wear their lanyard with pride as a reassuring, warm and safe sign to our LGBT+ colleagues and communities.

Speaking about the launch of the LGBT+ Ally Programme Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Lisa Winward (pictured) said:

“For an organisation to be effective, its people need to be absolutely comfortable in their own skin however, we recognise that for some people it can be difficult to fully be yourself at work, at home, or in your local communities. That’s why we all need allies.

“Being an ally is about being able to listen, ask how someone is doing and be aware that other people’s lives and experiences will be completely different to our own, especially in terms of discrimination and prejudice. It’s about being an active friend or support to someone else, regardless of your sexual orientation or gender identity.

“North Yorkshire Police prides itself on providing an open, inclusive and supportive environment where our staff and officers feel they can be their true self at work. The launch of our LGBT+ Ally Programme is an important part of this and we hope that it will create not just a more supportive environment for our colleagues but for the communities that we serve too.”

The launch of the LGBT+ Programme comes as the force prepares to take part in the York Pride parade on Saturday 8 June 2019 and the Harrogate Pride in Diversity parade the following weekend on Saturday 15 June 2019.

_Pictured (left to right): Chief Constable Lisa Winward, Acting Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker and Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain of North Yorkshire Police pledge to become LGBT+ Allies_

Posted on 31 May 2019 at 10:52am in News stories
