```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:34:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-10T14:21:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the long break. Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Awards ceremony to celebrate summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-ceremony-celebrate-summer-contribution-north-yorkshire-young-people/
title: Awards ceremony to celebrate summer contribution of North Yorkshire young people
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-ceremony-celebrate-summer-contribution-north-yorkshire-young-people/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:34pm

The hard work and dedication of North Yorkshire’s youngsters will be celebrated at a glittering awards ceremony.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge ran over the summer holidays, aiming to give young people aged between 10 and 17 a positive project to do over the long break.

Teams were invited to think of a project that they could carry out over the summer holidays that would benefit the community. They then had until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they did in a log book provided by the police.

The log books were submitted for judging, and the teams have been invited to an awards ceremony at York Racecourse on Wednesday 15 November to receive their prizes.

The Lifestyle Challenge this year included six challenges:

 * The Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge
 * The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire’s Community Safety Challenge
 * The Shepherd Group’s Conservation Challenge
 * Eboracum’s Safety and Security Challenge
 * Energi’s Sports Challenge
 * PGL’s Be Fit, Be Healthy Challenge

This year’s sponsors included The Shepherd Group, Eboracum, Energi Leisure, PGL, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, York Racecourse and Minster FM. The ceremony will be compèred by Harry Hometime from Minster FM.

Seventeen teams from Scarborough, Filey, Northallerton, Easingwold, Leyburn, Selby, York, Knaresborough and Ripon took part and returned their log books – involving over 60 young people and 17 adult advisors who supported them.

Among their projects are:

 * ‘Project Safer Streets’ (Barlby, Selby) developed a project to tackle parking issues outside school in village by working with residents, parents, parish council and school.
 * ‘Supersmilers’ (Poppleton, York) created community safety posters and raised money for Parkinson’s UK by completing a 2k run.
 * Team ‘TBJ’ collected food and supported Hambleton FoodShare, a charity that provides emergency food parcels.
 * The ‘Northern Ninjas’ held a vintage afternoon tea party and events at a care home in Ripon, putting on entertainment and raising money through cake sales.
 * ‘The Boredom Busters’ (Sherburn, Selby) spent time with elderly residents in care home and played games with them, then donated these games to local schools.
 * ‘The Community Brothers’ (York) held a community car wash and raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support.
 * In Spennithorne, Leyburn, ‘Girls on a Mission’ raised money to clean up, paint and repair a local village bus shelter for all to use.
 * ‘The 4 Amigos’ from York cleaned up a local bike track which was being used to dump rubbish.
 * Team ‘Salutem Pullae’ (Safety Girls) created a safety app for visually impaired people to walk around their local town, Knaresborough.
 * The ‘Clifton Crew’ (York) worked together to improve the environment at an area that has attracted a lot of dumping of rubbish, graffiti and fire.
 * ‘Lifestylers WFNT’ (Selby) helped at local ponds by carrying out maintenance such as litter picking, painting and gardening.
 * Team ‘Random’ from Scarborough helped to improve an open space by creating dog fouling posters and a fairy door trail to encourage people to exercise.
 * Team ‘Fire and Ice’ (Filey) carried out a project to clean up, make bird feeders and litter pick to improve the area for others
 * In Crayke, Easingwold, ‘The Sunflowers’ made cakes to sell to raise money for local charities, and also ran an outdoor ‘animal trail’ to get the local community together.
 * ‘The Candy Land Elephants’ from York held two tea/coffee afternoons at a dementia unit, providing entertainment and raising money.
 * In York, teams ‘York Unicorns’ and ‘Friends to Unicorns’ shopped for food and made cakes and meals for the homeless. They also created advice posters, visited a care home reading stories to the residents, served afternoon tea with the cakes they made, raised money through a car boot sale and volunteered at children’s nursery.

A winning team for each challenge will receive a five-day adventure activity holiday from PGL. There is also an overall winning team to be announced at the end of the awards ceremony, who will be presented with a prize and certificate by Chief Constable Dave Jones. All teams will get tickets to use at the Energi trampoline park in York.

Sergeant Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The Lifestyle Challenge is a fun and productive way to spend the summer holiday and, as we have seen in previous years, can bring some truly inspirational results.

“The young people who take part are ‘everyday heroes’, making a real difference in their communities.

“Their projects benefit not only the youngsters themselves, by giving them an activity to get involved in over the summer holidays, but also our communities as well.”

Posted on 10 November 2017 at 02:21pm in News stories
