```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-29T11:33:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-29T11:27:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "He\u2019s been the Safer Neighbourhood Inspector for Ryedale and Whitby since 2017. With summer fast approaching, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area. Speeding and road safety Speeding is a safety concern for the policing teams in Ryedale and Whitby, with a focus on inappropriate parking by parents during the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Martin-Dennison.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Martin Dennison: quarterly update on local policing in Ryedale and Whitby - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-martin-dennison-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-ryedale-and-whitby/
title: 'Inspector Martin Dennison: quarterly update on local policing in Ryedale and Whitby'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-martin-dennison-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-ryedale-and-whitby/
```

Last modified: 29 April 2019 at 12:33pm

Martin began his policing career in 2000 with North Yorkshire Police serving as a Sergeant at Whitby within the Specialist Operations Department and as a Response Team Inspector at Scarborough.

He’s been the Safer Neighbourhood Inspector for Ryedale and Whitby since 2017. With summer fast approaching, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area.

**Speeding and road safety**

Speeding is a safety concern for the policing teams in Ryedale and Whitby, with a focus on inappropriate parking by parents during the school run and children not wearing seatbelts, the implications for which can be catastrophic. We have been working with local council enforcement officers around school drop off and pick up times to educate parents on the dangers and consequences of this. To prevent speeding on our roads we have also identified hotspots areas which we have targeted with high visibility patrols and Safety Camera Van deployments.

**Anti-social behaviour**

We know that anti-social behaviour is an issue in our communities, particularly common amongst young people during the evening in Ryedale and Whitby. We are working with partner agencies including Ryedale District Council, Scarborough Borough Council and youth support to divert more young people into structured activities and clubs. With the lighter and warmer evenings the Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be conducting high visibility patrols of areas susceptible to ASB and damage and will conduct more engagement with young people.

**Free property marking initiative**

Every year, police recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals, but all too often there is no way of identifying rightful owners. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get the property back, but can also provide evidence vital in securing convictions. We have invested in ‘Dot peen’ property marking machines and offer property marking as a free service to all Ryedale and Whitby residents. The new machines can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm and are suitable for indelibly marking everything from bikes and garden tools to PlayStations and laptop computers. To find out more please search ‘dot peen’ on our website.

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website northyorkshire.police.uk.

**Opening hours**

The opening hours for each of our police stations are listed below:

 * Malton Police Station | Old Malton Road, Malton, North Yorkshire YO17 7EY | Telephone:

101, Option 2, 13116 | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs (closed bank holidays) — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 5pm, Fri — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 4.30pm

 * Pickering Police Station | Malton Road, Pickering, North Yorkshire YO18 7JJ |Telephone:

101, Option 2, 13117 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri (closed bank holidays) — 9am - 12.30pm

 * Whitby Police Station | Spring Hill, Whitby, North Yorkshire Police YO21 1ED | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13164 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri (closed bank holidays) — 9am - 12.30pm

Posted on 29 April 2019 at 12:27pm in News stories
