```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-16T11:28:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The service, which was conducted by the force chaplain, the Reverend Robert Williamson, and attended by families and friends of staff, officers and volunteers,\_provides an opportunity to remember, reflect and give thanks for those who have died while in service, or since their retirement from the force. The service\_was also attended by Temporary Chief Constable [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Officers and families gather to remember colleagues at annual memorial service - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-and-families-gather-to-remember-colleagues-at-annual-memorial-service/
title: Officers and families gather to remember colleagues at annual memorial service
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-and-families-gather-to-remember-colleagues-at-annual-memorial-service/
```

Last modified: 16 May 2018 at 12:28pm

The annual North Yorkshire Police memorial service to commemorate officers, staff and volunteers was held at police headquarters, Alverton Court in Northalleton on Sunday 13 May 2018.

The service, which was conducted by the force chaplain, the Reverend Robert Williamson, and attended by families and friends of staff, officers and volunteers, provides an opportunity to remember, reflect and give thanks for those who have died while in service, or since their retirement from the force.

The service was also attended by Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward, Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver, and Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner Will Naylor.

During the service the names of those who died since the last service in 2017, and of those who have died over the years while on duty were read out and relatives were given the opportunity to write messages of memory onto stones that will form part of the memorial garden.

Following the service, Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward had the opportunity to accompany the family of PC Norman to the room in Alverton Court, which has been named after Norman who died in March 1977. His relatives were traced following a public appeal and the tenacious work conducted by retired Chief Inspector Robert Blatchford and retired Chief Superintendent Barry Campbell.

PC Garnham, was the first North Yorkshire Police officer to be killed in the line of duty. On 2 March 1977, he had completed his shift and was off duty when he stopped a youth following a domestic disturbance. While dealing with the incident, PC Garnham was stabbed and sadly died from his injuries. Temporary Chief Constable Winward presented his family with a canvas of a painting which hangs in the meeting room by local artist Gerald Hodgson.

Speaking about the service and the memorial to PC Garnham, Temporary Chief Constable Winward said:

“It was lovely to meet PC Garnham’s sister, Jean Thompson, family and friends and I was privileged to have the opportunity to show them the meeting room at headquarters, which has been named in his memory and to present the family with a copy of the painting that hangs there.

“The annual memorial service is a very important day in the North Yorkshire Police calendar. It affords us the opportunity to gather together, to reflect and remember our colleagues fondly and give thanks for their dedication and ultimate sacrifice they gave to keep the public of North Yorkshire safe."

**Roll of Honour - officers who have died while on duty with North Yorkshire Police **

**Acting Detective Constable Norman Garnham** **– Died 2 March 1977, aged 25**

After finishing duty late at night at Skeeby, he stopped to check a suspicious youth who ran off, he chased and caught him and was arresting him, when he was stabbed twice in the chest and fatally wounded.

**Police Constable David Ian Haigh – Died 17 June 1982, aged 29**

Fatally wounded when he was shot in the head by a suspect he was questioning in a car in the early morning at Norwood Edge Plantation near Harrogate

**Sergeant David Thomas Winter - Died 28 June, aged 31

**Fatally wounded when he confronted an armed suspect wanted for murder

**Police Constable Keith Summerbell – Died 20 September 1982, aged 26**

Killed while undergoing police motorcycle training when his machine went out of control on a bend and he collided with an oncoming lorry.

**Special Constable Glenn Thomas Goodman – Died 7 June 1992, aged 37**

While on mobile patrol with a regular officer, they were questioning two men in a car in the early hours near Tadcaster when, without warning, both officers were shot and he was fatally wounded.

**Police Constable Robert Michal Ingram – Died 27 August 1993, aged 28**

While attending an emergency call in the early hours to a domestic incident in Scarborough, his patrol car left the road and collided with a tree in the forest of Silpho and he was fatally injured.

**Police Constable Richard Ellerker – Died 26 December 1993, aged 42**

Whilst on foot patrol in York he arrested a drunk and violent male. Sustaining injuries, a short while later he collapsed and died of a heart attack.

**Police Constable Glenn Robinson – Died 27 July 2005, aged 46**

Killed in a road accident while returning home from duty at Skipton when his motorcycle was in collision with a car on the A59 near Kettlestring.

**Police Constable Andrew Bramma – Died 5 January 2013, aged 32**

Whilst responding to an emergency call his patrol van left the road and struck a tree in West Tanfield, near Ripon causing fatal injuries.

Posted on 16 May 2018 at 12:28pm in News stories
