```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-20T09:06:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-14T09:03:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Dozens of York shops have become the latest organisations to sign up for crime-fighting alerts from North Yorkshire Police.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York shops support fight against crime by joining Community Messaging service - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-shops-support-fight-crime-joining-community-messaging-service-2/
title: York shops support fight against crime by joining Community Messaging service
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-shops-support-fight-crime-joining-community-messaging-service-2/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2016 at 09:06am

Dozens of York shops have become the latest organisations to sign up for crime-fighting alerts from North Yorkshire Police.

24 stores at the Monks Cross and Clifton Moor shopping parks have registered for North Yorkshire Community Messaging.

That means they will be among the first to receive the latest crime notifications and updates, via text message or email, as soon as they are issued by police.

PC Andrew Pearson, Service Delivery Office for York North, said: "Community Messaging lets us send out alerts and notifications instantly to residents and businesses across a wide area. Although York is thankfully a very safe city, it's important for people to be aware of crime when it does happen.

"Many stores at Clifton Moor and Monks Cross will now be registered to receive Community Messaging alerts, so we will easily be able to keep staff updated with news, warnings, and appeals for information.

"Furthermore, the information and intelligence that we receive from shop staff and members of the public who have signed up to Community Messaging can be absolutely crucial in preventing and detecting crime. The more people that join the service, the safer York will be."

North Yorkshire Community Messaging has been designed to allow people who live or work in North Yorkshire and the City of York to get information when they want, and how they want it.

Users can tailor preferences for the type of the message they receive, their preferred channel (phone, text, or email) and the locations that matter to them. Topics include details about:
• crime and other police incidents, including missing people and witness appeals;
• rural policing, including crimes against farms and rural businesses;
• anti-social behaviour;
• road safety, including road closures and traffic updates; and
• neighbourhood news and events, such as invitations to public meetings.

Users can even choose to register multiple locations, not just a home address - ideal if they want to know more about where their children go to school, where family members live, places to socialise and around their place of work.

Registering is safe, secure and easy, and takes less than five minutes. Just visit www.nycm.co.uk on a smartphone or PC to get started.

In the coming weeks, PC Pearson and his colleagues will be out in communities across York, raising awareness of the new system and encouraging people to sign up.

PC Pearson added: "Community Messaging is free to join and easy to use. Signing up will take less than five minutes, so I'd encourage everyone to visit www.nycm.co.uk and get started today."

**14 June 2016**

Posted on 14 June 2016 at 09:03am in News stories
