```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-24T15:59:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The York men, aged 37 and 18, are currently under investigation by North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Organised Crime Unit. They were arrested on suspicion of money laundering at Monks Cross in York on 19 February 2020. Officers seized a significant amount of cash and other high-value items found in their possession, including from an address in [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Knock-out blow for York money-laundering suspects - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/knock-out-blow-for-york-money-laundering-suspects/
title: Knock-out blow for York money-laundering suspects
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/knock-out-blow-for-york-money-laundering-suspects/
```

Last modified: 24 February 2020 at 03:59pm

Two money-laundering suspects who flew to Las Vegas to see Tyson Fury take on Deontay Wilder were immediately returned home by US authorities.

The York men, aged 37 and 18, are currently under investigation by North Yorkshire Police’s Organised Crime Unit.

They were arrested on suspicion of money laundering at Monks Cross in York on 19 February 2020.
Officers seized a significant amount of cash and other high-value items found in their possession, including from an address in York.

Following questioning they were released under investigation while enquiries continue.
This did not deter both men from heading to Las Vegas to watch the WBC heavyweight title fight at the weekend.

However, due to effective communication between North Yorkshire Police and US authorities, they were prevented from entering the country.

A further sum of money was seized from the men and they were placed on a flight back to the UK.

Detective Inspector Fi McEwan, of the Organised Crime Unit, said: “This was a great example of international joint-working when it comes to tackling suspected serious and organised crime.

“While this particular investigation is ongoing and we therefore cannot go into further detail at this stage, it is important to stress the determination of the police and our partner agencies – both in the UK and around the world - to expose offenders to justice and ensure they do not profit from their criminal activities.”

If you suspect someone is living beyond their means and their life-style is funded by serious and organised crime, please report it to North Yorkshire Police on 101 or to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Posted on 24 February 2020 at 03:59pm in News stories
