```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:52:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-30T20:51:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred on Wigginton Road in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Road traffic collision in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-traffic-collision-york/
title: Road traffic collision in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/road-traffic-collision-york/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:52pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred on Wigginton Road in York.

It happened on Wigginton Road close to Nestle at 8:15pm on Wednesday 29 July 2015 and involved two vehicles colliding with each other.

Both drivers of the vehicles involved were taken to York District Hospital by ambulance from the scene.

The stretch of road was closed for around two hours while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicles to be recovered.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

The vehicles involved were a black Suzuki Swift travelling out of the city and a silver Ford Focus travelling towards the city.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicles prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Chris Storey. You can also email Christopher.Storey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150130760.

**30 July 2015**

Posted on 30 July 2015 at 08:51pm in News stories
