```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-20T13:20:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The crime prevention campaign will take place in the Clifton area of the city on Wednesday 28 and Thursday 29 September, with police working alongside other agencies including trading standards and the fire service to provide reassurance and crime prevention advice to residents. Officers have used street-level data available to the public sector which measures [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Smart operation will target the fear of crime in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/smart-operation-will-target-fear-crime-york/
title: Smart operation will target the fear of crime in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/smart-operation-will-target-fear-crime-york/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

Police in York have launched an operation to tackle crime and the fear of crime where it is needed the most – thanks to sophisticated data analysis.

The crime prevention campaign will take place in the Clifton area of the city on Wednesday 28 and Thursday 29 September, with police working alongside other agencies including trading standards and the fire service to provide reassurance and crime prevention advice to residents.

Officers have used street-level data available to the public sector which measures fear of crime, to identify specific areas which would benefit from a focused operation. They have also looked at annual trends in reported crime to determine the kinds of incidents where crime prevention advice would be effective.

During the operation, codenamed Operation Tansu, extra patrols will take place, and police will be on-hand to security mark valuable items using a dot peen property marking machine, and urging residents to sign up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging alert service.

Similar initiatives will be taking place in other areas of York in the future.

PCSO Mel Parkin, of York North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “York is a very safe place to live and work, and we’re really proud to help keep it that way, and we want our communities to feel safe too. With this operation, we’re specifically targeting an area where we know residents have a genuine fear of crime. We will be able to engage with them to provide reassurance, and explain the services that are available to them to help keep themselves and their neighbourhoods safe – such as community messaging and dot peen property marking.”

Police will be at Burton Stone Community Centre between 4pm and 8pm on Wednesday 28 September, and are inviting residents to come and meet them there. They will also be based in the Mobile Police Office at the junction of Burton Stone Lane and Burton Green between 10am and 3pm on Thursday 29 September. Officers will be on hand to offer practical crime prevention advice and to mark any property that is brought along. Patrols will also take place on streets throughout the Clifton area.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free system that lets people register to receive the latest crime notifications and community news in their neighbourhoods. People can register or download the app via www.nycm.co.uk.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. Look out for drop-in property marking sessions on Facebook and Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

Posted on 20 September 2016 at 01:20pm in News stories
