```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-30T12:50:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-30T11:57:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We are doing this in line with recommendations from the National Police Chief\u2019s Council (NPCC) on the management of police social media accounts which are based on public feedback and the National Policing Digital Strategy. Behind the changes that we are making is the absolute imperative to protect our communities and our officers, staff and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Changes to our social media accounts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/social-media-changes/
title: Changes to our social media accounts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/social-media-changes/
```

Last modified: 30 March 2021 at 01:50pm

We are currently making some changes to our social media accounts across North Yorkshire Police.

We are doing this in line with recommendations from the National Police Chief’s Council (NPCC) on the management of police social media accounts which are based on public feedback and the National Policing Digital Strategy.

Behind the changes that we are making is the absolute imperative to protect our communities and our officers, staff and volunteers.

Despite stating that our social media accounts are not currently to be used for reporting crime, we carry the risk that crime and intelligence shared on our official accounts, or accounts that look like official police accounts, could be missed.

Alongside the NPCC recommendations there is a need for us to ensure North Yorkshire Police and all other police forces are in a position to identify any crimes reported on social media in the near future.

Currently, our officers, staff and volunteers are at risk of missing such reports if they are not able to monitor their North Yorkshire Police social media accounts on a daily basis.

This could also place vulnerable members of the public at risk should they reach out via a North Yorkshire Police social media accounts and their concerns not be seen for several days or weeks.

The changes we are putting in place will see fewer North Yorkshire Police social media accounts in order to make it easier for our communities to find the latest updates from the force and what is happening in their area.

This will also enable us to respond to the issues that matter to our communities more quickly and effectively.

Currently, we are reducing our accounts which cover geographic areas and moving to eight district accounts. You can find these here.

They will continue to be managed by our local teams. Further down the timeline, we will be changing our approach to individual and specialist team accounts and this will be communicated moving forward.

Our many officers, staff and teams who already post and share social media content have not been banned from posting. We know that the public enjoy the insight into policing that these provide.

We will be asking them to share that engaging, interesting and personal content across our force wide and district accounts and some have already started doing this.

If they wish to, they will be able to include their name so the public still know who is the ‘voice’ behind the post.

By providing officers with access to our official accounts their ‘voices’ will be able to reach a larger audience.

These changes will improve the service we provide to our communities through social media, enabling them to receive the North Yorkshire Police content they need through fewer channels.

This is not a unique approach for North Yorkshire Police - other forces are already following this approach and have condensed their accounts resulting in an improvement in public satisfaction and feedback.

Posted on 30 March 2021 at 12:57pm in News stories
