```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:56:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-15T10:54:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: We are now in a position to name the motorcycle rider who died in a collision on the A65 between Austwick and Clapham on Sunday. He is Giovanni Richetta, aged 52, from Shipley, Bradford. The coroner has opened an investigation into his death and an inquest will be opened in due course. Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information about the collision.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update re Appeal for witnesses following death of motorcyclist on A65 between Austwick and Clapham - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-re-appeal-witnesses-following-death-motorcyclist-a65-austwick-clapham/
title: Update re Appeal for witnesses following death of motorcyclist on A65 between Austwick and Clapham
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-re-appeal-witnesses-following-death-motorcyclist-a65-austwick-clapham/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:56am

We are now in a position to name the motorcycle rider who died in a collision on the A65 between Austwick and Clapham on Sunday. He is Giovanni Richetta, aged 52, from Shipley, Bradford. The coroner has opened an investigation into his death and an inquest will be opened in due course. Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information about the collision.

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses to a fatal crash on the A65 between Austwick and Clapham, Craven District.

The head-on collision, which happened on Sunday (14 February 2016) at 12.12pm, involved a red, old-style Moto Guzzi motorcycle that was heading into the Craven District and a blue Peugeot 206 that was heading towards Lancashire.

The rider of the motorcycle, a 52-year-old man from Shipley, Bradford, was pronounced dead at the scene. His family have been informed, but police are not in a position to release his name at this time.

The driver of the Peugeot, a 43-year-old woman from Keighley, and her nine-year-old daughter who was in the front passenger seat, were taken to Airedale General Hospital by ambulance. Their injuries are not believed to be serious, but they were left badly shaken by the incident.

The section of road was closed for five hours while a full collision investigation was carried out at the scene and to allow for the vehicles to be safely recovered.

Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward or anyone who recalls seeing the blue Peugeot or the old-style red motorcycle prior to the crash. The rider was wearing a black motorcycle suit and a distinctive white helmet with red and green striped from the Italian flag.

If you can help, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dave Seavers or the Major Collision Investigation Unit. Or email _MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_ and quote reference 12160026930.

**15 February 2016 - 12.35pm**

Posted on 15 February 2016 at 10:54am in News stories
