```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-04T15:58:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Homeowners are being urged to be vigilant, after a sneak-in burglar targeted the home of a woman in her 80s in Bishopthorpe, near York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08/EFIT-Digital-Image-BJM131-16.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efit issued following sneak-in burglary in Bishopthorpe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-following-sneak-burglary-bishopthorpe/
title: Efit issued following sneak-in burglary in Bishopthorpe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-following-sneak-burglary-bishopthorpe/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

Homeowners are being urged to be vigilant, after a sneak-in burglar targeted the home of a woman in her 80s in Bishopthorpe, near York.

At about 4.15pm on Thursday 21 July 2016, a man entered the property in Acaster Lane through the back door, while the victim was out gardening. A purse containing bank cards and a quantity of cash was stolen.

The suspect is described as a white male, around 40 years old, of slim build, 5ft 8ins tall, with grey stubble and grey or brown crew cut hair. He was wearing a green sweatshirt with large white rubbery faded writing on the front, and black tracksuit bottoms.

Police have issued an efit of the suspect, and are appealing for anyone who recognises him to contact them. Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for the York Investigation Hub. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference number 12160129853 when passing information.

Officers are also reminding residents to keep their homes secured at all times, particularly when outside in the summer weather:

(1) Keep your doors and windows locked at all times, even when you are inside your home

(2) Lock your front door behind you, and remove the key from the lock

(3) Keep your house keys, car keys, wallet and other valuables in a safe place, out of sight, and well away from doors or windows

(4) Pay particular attention when you’re outside in your garden, as you may not be able to see or hear someone entering your house

(5) Ensure sheds, garages and outbuildings are locked and secure at all times – tidy away bikes, power tools and garden equipment after you’ve used them.

For more home security advice, speak to your local police team, or visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe.

Posted on 4 August 2016 at 03:58pm in News stories
