```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-22T17:03:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-22T16:42:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In the first 22 days we\u2019ve arrested 100 drivers on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences That\u2019s the same amount as last year\u2019s campaign with 10 days still to go 19 of the arrests this December have followed a road traffic accident And a quarter of the arrests were over this weekend \u2013 with [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/GENERIC-NO-TEXT-FACEBOOK-3-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "100 drink or drug drive arrests in just 22 days\_ - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/100-drink-or-drug-drive-arrests-in-just-22-days/
title: 100 drink or drug drive arrests in just 22 days
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/100-drink-or-drug-drive-arrests-in-just-22-days/
```

Last modified: 22 December 2020 at 05:03pm

Here’s a quick update on our Christmas drink and drug drive campaign which kicked off on 1 December.

 * In the first 22 days we’ve arrested 100 drivers on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences
 * That’s the same amount as last year’s campaign with 10 days still to go
 * 19 of the arrests this December have followed a road traffic accident
 * And a quarter of the arrests were over this weekend – with 25 arrests from Friday 18 through to Sunday 20 December
 * So far, 52 of the arrests have been drug related in some way
 * On average, those arrested on suspicion of drink driving have provided a reading of nearly twice the legal limit at 68mg of alcohol in 100ml of breath
 * And a total of five drivers have provided readings of over 100mg of alcohol in 100ml of breath - the limit being 35mg
 * The highest reading so far was a 64 year-old man from Bradford who was almost four times over the limit with 136mg of alcohol in 100ml of breath and is due at court at the end of the month
 * Two people have been arrested three times, and a further two people have been arrested twice so far during the campaign, on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences

Please be reassured our specialist road traffic officers (North Yorkshire Police Roads Policing Group) will be out across the county 24/7 looking out for the tell-tale signs of drink and drug driving to help keep you and your loved ones safe over the festive period.

Anyone who gets behind the wheel while under the influence of drink or drugs is not only put themselves at risk, but also innocent people going about their daily lives.

Don’t start the New Year without a licence. But more importantly, don’t be the reason that a family receives the devastating news that they’ve lost a loved one this Christmas at the hands of a drunk or drug driver.

32 of those arrested have now been charged to court, six have been released with no further action and the remaining drivers have been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

One of those charged to court has since received a 24 month driving ban, curfew and rehabilitation order. Further updates to follow.

Help us keep our roads safe all year round. If you know someone who regularly drinks and drives, please call us on 101.

If you see an offence happening or about to happen, please report it on 999 immediately.

#OpAttention #OverTheLimitUnderArrest

Posted on 22 December 2020 at 04:42pm in News stories
