```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-19T14:07:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following two thefts from the Selco store on Osbaldwick Link Road in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/SELCO-YORK-CCTV.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to identify man following theft from Selco in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-man-following-theft-selco-york/
title: Appeal to identify man following theft from Selco in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-identify-man-following-theft-selco-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Police are appealing for information following two thefts from the Selco store on Osbaldwick Link Road in York.

Officers are appealing to the public to help identify the man in the CCTV as they want to speak to him in connection with two thefts which happened at the store on 25 and 26 February 2018.

At around 1.30pm on Sunday 25 February 2018, a man entered the store, followed by another man. One of the men purchased some gaffer tape and then left the store. Around ten minutes later, the other man then left the store with a concrete breaker without making any attempt to pay.

Both men then got into the same car, a grey Vauxhall Astra, and drove off along Osbaldwick Link Road.

Just after 1.30pm on Monday 26 February, one of the men goes into the store again, wearing a high visibility jacket. The man goes into the electrical aisle and puts fifty to sixty pound worth of items into his bag – including a Manrose fan, pliers and grips. The man then leaves the store shortly before 4pm without making any attempt to pay for the goods.

Anyone who recognises the man in the CCTV or anyone with any information, is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Martin Metcalfe. You can also email martin.metcalfe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12180033929 when passing on any information.

Posted on 19 March 2018 at 02:07pm in News stories
