```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-03-17T15:18:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Ryan Mulvaney from Harrogate was sentenced for 16 offences when he appeared at York Crown Court on Tuesday (14 March). The 41-year-old (pictured above) went on a six-month spree last year which included burglary at a home in Harrogate, dangerous driving, handling stolen goods, fraud and taking cash from a cafe in Harrogate. He also [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/Ryan-Mulvaney-040475-150x150.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Burglar who went on huge crime spree is jailed for five years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-spree-burglar-jailed/
title: Burglar who went on huge crime spree is jailed for five years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crime-spree-burglar-jailed/
```

Last modified: 17 March 2017 at 03:18pm

Detectives have welcomed the sentencing of a burglar who has been jailed for an extensive string of crimes.

Ryan Mulvaney from Harrogate was sentenced for 16 offences when he appeared at York Crown Court on Tuesday (14 March).

The 41-year-old _(pictured above)_ went on a six-month spree last year which included burglary at a home in Harrogate, dangerous driving, handling stolen goods, fraud and taking cash from a cafe in Harrogate.

He also stole high-value electronic items including a TV and coffee machine from two supermarkets. He was arrested on the same day after North Yorkshire Police put out a media appeal.

During an extensive investigation, detectives in Harrogate’s Investigation Hub pieced together his offending and charged him with:

>Theft

> Burglary

> Theft of motor vehicle

> Dangerous driving

> Having a blade in public

> Possessing a class-A drug

He pleaded guilty to the charges at York Crown Court.

Jailing him for five years, the judge also took into consideration other charges Mulvaney faced, including fraud by false representations by using a stolen bank card and the theft of a handbag from a motor vehicle.

Mulvaney committed so many offences in a short period of time, detectives had to split the investigation across two teams to secure a prosecution.

Speaking after the sentencing, one of the officers in charge of the investigation, Detective Constable Quita Passmore, said: “This was an utterly reckless and prolonged crime spree from a man who can only be described as a habitual offender.

“I have no doubt, and Mulvaney has alluded to it himself, that this spree was fuelled by a substantial heroin addiction.

“He was funding his habit without a care for who the victims were.

“However, I hope his victims are as satisfied as I am with the substantial prison sentence he is now serving.”

Posted on 17 March 2017 at 03:18pm in News stories
