```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T08:48:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-12T13:50:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a purse which occurred in Baxtergate, Whitby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following the theft of a purse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-theft-purse/
title: Appeal for witnesses following the theft of a purse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-theft-purse/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 08:48am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a purse which occurred in Baxtergate, Whitby.

It happened within 'The Card Factory', Baxtergate, Whitby between 12.30pm and 1.30pm on Saturday 12 December 2015 and involved a suspect dipping into the handbag of a member of the public and stealing a purse containing an amout of cash.

The stolen purse is described as brown leather and is endorsed with a Polo logo on it.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are keen to speak to a female who was in The Card Factory around that time who is described as a white, 5″ 4 inches tall, of medium build with dirty blonde shoulder length hair and wearing a black waterproof jacket.

If anyone saw a female matching that description in The Card Factory or Baxtergate who can identify that person to the police, I urge you to get in contact.

Likewise if you find a purse matching the description or see someone with it, please contact police.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Knowles. You can also email nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150220186.

Date 12 December 2015.

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150220186

Posted on 12 December 2015 at 01:50pm in News stories
