```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:31:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-13T13:30:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information a car was damaged on Bar Street, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Identity sought for male causing criminal damage to Scarborough car - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/identity-sought-male-causing-criminal-damage-scarborough-car/
title: Identity sought for male causing criminal damage to Scarborough car
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/identity-sought-male-causing-criminal-damage-scarborough-car/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:31pm

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information a car was damaged on Bar Street, Scarborough.

It happened at 00:50 hours on Tuesday 12 May 2015, on Bar Street in the town centre. A a group of four men were walking down Bar Street in the direction of Harcourt Place/Falconers Road near the Royal Hotel, when one of them walked over the vehicle that was parked in the street, causing damage to the vehicle's windscreen.

Police are conducting enquiries and would request that members of the public get in touch if they can provide any information. If you are the male who caused the damage, we would ask that you make contact with Scarborough Police so we can resolve the matter. The owner of the car has had to pay for a replacement windscreen at great expense and inconvenience to her.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jon Kenworthy of the Scarborough Investigation Hub or say "ZERO TWO EIGHT TWO". You can also email jonathon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number: 12150078805.

Follow us on Twitter: @ScarboroughPC

13 June 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150078805

Posted on 13 June 2015 at 01:30pm in News stories
