```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-03T15:03:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Thomas Oakley, 21, of York, was arrested and convicted of the offence in 2016. However, he skipped bail and tried to start a new life in Scandinavia, York Crown Court heard. Specially-trained intelligence officers from North Yorkshire Police launched an investigation. They worked closely with police and other authorities in Finland and eventually tracked him [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Thomas-Oakley-251096-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Arsonist who fled to Finland jailed after years on the run - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/oakley-jail/
title: Arsonist who fled to Finland jailed after years on the run
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/oakley-jail/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

An arsonist who tried to burn down a house in Selby following a dispute, then fled to Finland, has been brought back to England and jailed.

Thomas Oakley, 21, of York, was arrested and convicted of the offence in 2016.

However, he skipped bail and tried to start a new life in Scandinavia, York Crown Court heard.

Specially-trained intelligence officers from North Yorkshire Police launched an investigation. They worked closely with police and other authorities in Finland and eventually tracked him down.

He was brought back to the UK to be sentenced at York Crown Court, where he was today jailed for 58 months for arson.

Speaking after the court case, North Yorkshire Police intelligence officer Paul Somerville – who tracked him down and arranged his extradition – said: “Oakley’s prison sentence confirms the old saying ‘you can run but you can’t hide’.

“He was convicted of a very serious offence. But rather than having the courage to face his fate, he tried to run away.

“However, the world is smaller than you think when the police are trying to track you down. Everybody always leaves footprints, whether they intend to or not, and investigators know how to use a range of techniques to detect and follow these footprints.

“Thanks to help from the Finnish authorities, I’m glad that Oakley is behind bars today starting the substantial prison sentence he should have served all along.”

Posted on 3 August 2018 at 04:03pm in News stories
