```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-16T11:55:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Harrogate have issued an urgent appeal following a robbery at Montpellier Antiques in Harrogate this morning (Monday 16 March 2015)
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery at Harrogate jewellers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-at-harrogate-jewellers/
title: Appeal following robbery at Harrogate jewellers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-at-harrogate-jewellers/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police in Harrogate have issued an urgent appeal following a robbery at Montpellier Antiques in Harrogate this morning (Monday 16 March 2015)

The robbery happened at around 11.40am when four suspects wearing balaclavas entered the store on Montpellier Mews and threatened the staff with a machete and an axe.

The four offenders left the shop in a dark coloured Lexus which was later found abandoned on Glebe Avenue in Harrogate.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information, including anyone who saw the Lexus being abandoned or can help identify the suspects.

They are also appealing to anyone who was in the area of the store and captured any footage of the suspects or the incident on their mobile phones.

Detective Chief Inspector Andrea Kell of North Yorkshire Police, said: "No-one was injured in the incident, however, the staff have been very shaken up by what happened. I am appealing to anyone who can assist the investigation to contact us as matter of urgency, including anyone who saw the Lexus being abandoned in the Glebe Avenue area."

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 161 of 16 March 2015.

At this stage it is unclear exactly what has been stolen, but it is believe to be a quantity of high value jewellery.

Posted on 16 March 2015 at 11:55am in News stories
