```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-27T14:22:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-27T13:59:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Today we speak to Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page, who works in our Vulnerability Assessment Team focusing on the protection of children who have suffered neglect, abuse or exploitation. &#8220;Protecting children from harm is one of the most important tasks the police undertake. As\_ a Temporary DCI in safeguarding, I am in a privileged [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Shaun-cropped.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Safeguarding Week 2019 - The job of safeguarding children - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safeguarding-week-2019-the-job-of-safeguarding-children/
title: Safeguarding Week 2019 - The job of safeguarding children
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safeguarding-week-2019-the-job-of-safeguarding-children/
```

Last modified: 27 June 2019 at 03:22pm

As we move through Safeguarding week, we're taking the opportunity to hear from the people who work at the very forefront of safeguarding.

Today we speak to Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page, who works in our Vulnerability Assessment Team focusing on the protection of children who have suffered neglect, abuse or exploitation.

"Protecting children from harm is one of the most important tasks the police undertake. As a Temporary DCI in safeguarding, I am in a privileged position to influence this in a number of ways. First and foremost, I promote safeguarding among the North Yorkshire Police workforce to ensure that every officer and member of police staff understands his or her duty to protect children. Also to remind officers of the considerable powers they have in these cases: to arrest and detain suspects, investigate crimes, seek court orders, restrict an offender’s activities and most importantly ensure the child is removed from threat and harm and taken to a place of safety.

" Unfortunately some children are abused or neglected by those charged with their care, and vulnerable children are exploited by adults for their own ends. In my role I have responsibilities to ensure that, on behalf of the force, we work closely with other agencies to safeguard children. This translates to ensuring we have effective information sharing processes through the Vulnerability Assessment Team (VAT) and Multi-Agency Assessment Team (MAST) . The multi-agency teams aim to identify harm to children by blending police, social care and health information. This then helps inform how statutory and non-statutory work should protect a child from further harm.

"In order to continuously improve our collective child protection response, I also work with partners to promote child wellbeing and safety through joint initiatives, audits and inspections.

"Safeguarding is never straight forward. Our safeguarding team make daily tough decisions on behalf of North Yorkshire Police. These decisions impact on the safety of children and their future. This work is often unseen but, in my opinion, some of the most rewarding in policing and it's why I do the job."

Posted on 27 June 2019 at 02:59pm in News stories
