```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:55:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-13T12:54:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a woman was attacked by two other women in Bootham, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after woman robbed in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-robbed-york/
title: Appeal after woman robbed in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-robbed-york/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:55pm

Detectives are appealing for information after a woman was attacked by two other women in Bootham, York.

The victim, a Leeds woman aged in her fifties, was walking her dog along Bootham on Friday evening at around 8pm.

As she passed on the opposite side to the Raj restaurant and Sainsbury's, she was approached by two women who demanded money and a mobile phone before grabbing her and pushing her to the ground. They left the scene empty-handed.

Officers are appealing for witnesses to the incident, including a man, aged around 25, who was passing at the time and shouted at the pair to stop.

The victim suffered grazing to her knees as a result of the attack, and she was very shocked and shaken up by what happened to her. Her dog was unharmed.

The suspects are described as white, aged between 26 and 28 and both had dyed blonde hair. One woman had dark roots showing and was wearing a short-sleeved white top and blue jeans. The other woman was wearing a blue top and blue jeans and was carrying a handbag.

Acting Detective Sergeant Matt Wilkinson of York Serious Crime Team, said: "This was a disgraceful attack on a woman out walking her dog. I am appealing to anyone who witnesses what happened, in particular the young man who we believed disturbed the pair.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who can help us identify the suspects. Perhaps you know who they are or have heard them discussing the incident. If you can help us find those responsible, please contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone who has any information about the robbery is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option two and ask for York Serious Crime Team.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150174579 when passing on information.

Posted on 13 October 2015 at 12:54pm in News stories
