```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-05T13:46:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York are urging members of the public to carefully check any second-hand gardening equipment before buying or selling it.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/dotpeen-mark.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge gardening equipment vigilance after York shed burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-gardening-equipment-vigilance-york-shed-burglaries/
title: Police urge gardening equipment vigilance after York shed burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-gardening-equipment-vigilance-york-shed-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police in York are urging members of the public to carefully check any second-hand gardening equipment before buying or selling it.

The warning comes after a number of sheds and outbuildings were broken into overnight on Sunday 30 April into Monday 1 May 2017, at the Shipton Road allotments in York.

As a result of the burglaries, about £2,000 worth of gardening equipment was stolen. Items such as lawn movers, hedge trimmers and rotavators were taken and have not yet been recovered.

Some of the stolen property had been security-marked with a dot peen machine. Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a distinctive, visible and permanent unique number.

PC Andrew Pearson, of York Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “I am asking the public to be vigilant when handling, buying and selling second-hand gardening equipment.

“If you see an engraved code on an item, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and we will carry out enquiries to see if it can be traced to its rightful owner.

“Please also contact us to arrange for any items of property to be marked using dot peen. In addition we can offer crime prevention advice and sign people up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging alert system.”

Anyone with information about the Shipton Road shed burglaries is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting crime reference number 12170074234, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team, added: "Marking your property is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of crime, and we carry out regular tool marking events in York."

For more information about North Yorkshire Police's innovative dot peen property marking service, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen. Follow your local Neighbourhood Policing Teams on social media, and look for the hashtag #whatisdotpeen, for more information about property marking opportunities in your area.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging is a free service that lets you receive crime notifications and community news for your neighbourhood. To get started, visit www.nycm.co.uk and create an account, or download the app from your device’s App Store.

Posted on 5 May 2017 at 01:46pm in News stories
