```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-12T16:54:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-12T16:37:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It took place at around 1am when a secure garage on a farm was broken in to and a number of items, totaling approximately \xA332,000, were taken. The stolen items, which it\u2019s believed, could now be in the Cleveland area, included: A black intense tracer carbon mountain bike worth \xA37000 with purple HOPE components and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following commercial burglary in Fryup - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-commercial-burglary-fryup/
title: Appeal following commercial burglary in Fryup
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-commercial-burglary-fryup/
```

Last modified: 12 April 2017 at 04:54pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a commerical burglary that occurred in the Fryup area of Whitby this morning (Wednesday 12 April).

It took place at around 1am when a secure garage on a farm was broken in to and a number of items, totaling approximately £32,000, were taken.

The stolen items, which it’s believed, could now be in the Cleveland area, included:

 * A black intense tracer carbon mountain bike worth £7000 with purple HOPE components and green bands on the handlebars.
 * A black Transition patrol full-suspension mountain bike with grey writing worth £3500. It also had a TFT sticker on the rear shock absorber, blue HOPE components, black rims and blue stickers on the rims and front forks.
 * An intense spider mountain bike with full-suspension worth £3500. It has a red front sprocket, Renthal carbon handle bars, scratches stickers on the top tube and a black HOPE Head-set.
 * A metallic blue transition trans AM hardtail mountain bike worth £2000. It has red hubs, gold renthal handlebars, a 4” scratch on the handlebar and chips in the frame.
 * A silver Specialized myka ladies hardtail mountain bike worth approx. £400. It has white rims with red nipples on the spoke’s.
 * A blue and white X Sherco 300 trials bike in worth £6000. VRM NX66GXL. VIN number VNBS830TRGA031693. Engine number SH30031693.
 * A red trials bike 125 Gas Gas with additional colouring of black and white. It has black duct tape around the rear silencer.
 * A black 2010 Beta Evo 80CC trials bike worth £3000 with red mudguards. The lip of the rear mudguard has been trimmed and the front exhaust bracket on the frame was cracked.
 * A red Peugeot F1 speedfight 350r moped in red worth £1900. VIN VGAF1AAAAOJ042660. Engine number 30058015.
 * An orange and white Stihl MS251 chain-saw worth £383.47. Serial number 180751821.
 * An orange Stihl strimmer worth £300.

In a separate incident, a white convoy panel van, number plate T726EJB, was stolen from a farm approximately one mile away from the above burglary and could be connected.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation is asked to call 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to Matthew Rogers.

You can also email Matthew.Rogers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

Please quote reference 12170062095

Posted on 12 April 2017 at 04:37pm in News stories
