```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-04T14:26:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-04T14:24:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers, mosque members and their families joined together at Athena House police station to mark sunset at 9.28pm, offer prayers and break the fast with some delicious traditional Muslim foods, kindly provided by members of the North Yorkshire Black Police Association. Speaking about the evening, York Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Lee Pointon said: \u201COur officers have [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/HJ-AND-MH-280x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and local Muslim community join together for iftar - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-local-muslim-community-join-together-for-iftar/
title: Police and local Muslim community join together for iftar
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-local-muslim-community-join-together-for-iftar/
```

Last modified: 4 June 2018 at 03:26pm

On the evening of Wednesday 30 May 2018, officers from North Yorkshire Police welcomed members from both Fourth Avenue and Bull Lane Mosques to join with them and break the fast by sharing iftar, as part of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.

Officers, mosque members and their families joined together at Athena House police station to mark sunset at 9.28pm, offer prayers and break the fast with some delicious traditional Muslim foods, kindly provided by members of the North Yorkshire Black Police Association.

Speaking about the evening, York Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Lee Pointon said:

“Our officers have been invited many times to join with sunset prayers and break the fast with mosque members, so we really wanted to offer the invite and extend the same welcome to our friends and their families from both Mosque’s and host iftar here at Athena House.

“Ramadan is such an important time for our Muslim community and it’s really important that we join together to learn more about each other’s cultures and strengthen our already very good relationships.

“We’ve had a great evening and we are already looking forward to extending the invitation again next Ramadan.”

Mo Mohammed, member of Fourth Avenue Mosque and Positive Action Officer for North Yorkshire Police said:

“As a Muslim, a police officer and member of the North Yorkshire Black Police Association, it’s great to join together and give my colleagues the opportunity to see exactly what Ramadan and Islam is all about.

“Joining together to pray, reflect and break fast also shows the local Muslim community the positive steps that North Yorkshire Police is taking to improve the diversity of its workforce. Events like these break down barriers and builds confidence in our local policing teams.

“It’s been a great evening and we look forward to coming together for iftar again next Ramadan.

Also breaking fast was Hannah Johnson who works in the North Yorkshire Police Partnership team. Hannah, who is a non-Muslim, had chosen to observe the fast that day, to gain an insight into the daily life of her Muslim friends and colleagues.

Speaking about the experience, she said:

“It’s been a really interesting experience and one that I would recommend. I ate breakfast at around 2am this morning and took on as much water as possible and then have observed the fast all day. Iftar this evening at 9.30pm is the first time I have eaten and drunk something since breakfast.

“Whilst it’s been challenging at times, especially not drinking in the warm weather, it has also made me realise that we can take our food for granted. Fasting has made me much more grateful of the food I eat every day and the people who have kindly prepared this delicious meal for us this evening.

“I’ve really enjoyed it though and I’m going to continue to observe the fast for the rest of the week.”

Posted on 4 June 2018 at 03:24pm in News stories
