```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-12T11:32:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-12T10:31:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers from North Yorkshire Police worked alongside colleagues from Craven District Council, Harrogate Borough Council, North Yorkshire County Council Trading Standards, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and others on a two-day operation in Ripon and Skipton. Specialist police officers from the force\u2019s Roads Policing Group and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/PC-Michael-Carr-of-the-NYP-Rural-Taskforce-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Joint focus on rural fly-tipping sees defective vehicles taken off the roads - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-focus-on-rural-fly-tipping-sees-defective-vehicles-taken-off-the-roads/
title: Joint focus on rural fly-tipping sees defective vehicles taken off the roads
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-focus-on-rural-fly-tipping-sees-defective-vehicles-taken-off-the-roads/
```

Last modified: 12 June 2019 at 12:32pm

Dozens of vehicles were stopped and checked as part of a multi-agency clampdown on fly-tipping and other offences in North Yorkshire.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police worked alongside colleagues from Craven District Council, Harrogate Borough Council, North Yorkshire County Council Trading Standards, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and others on a two-day operation in Ripon and Skipton.

PC Michael Carr, of the NYP Rural Taskforce

Specialist police officers from the force’s Roads Policing Group and Rural Taskforce were involved as part of Operation Eyeball – an initiative across North Yorkshire and the City of York to tackle fly-tipping, particularly in rural areas.

Of the 170 vehicles stopped for checks (99 in Ripon and 71 in Skipton), 11 were issued with Prohibition Notices, four more were seized immediately, and seven Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued for a variety of offences.

Prohibition Notices were issued for defects including brake pads, tyres, emissions and lights. TORs were issued for defective tyres, defective lights and no MOT.

In Ripon, one vehicle was seized because of the standard of its tyres, and another as it was untaxed. In Skipton, one vehicle was seized as it was untaxed, and another as it was being driven otherwise than in accordance with a licence.

Police and council staff checking vehicle near Ripon

The operation targeted the A59 at Broughton, near Skipton, on 3 June, and the A61 Ripon bypass on 4 June 2019.

Sergeant Stuart Grainger, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “The operations in Ripon and Skipton were successful examples of how we can work closely with local authorities and other organisations to effectively deter fly-tipping and deal with motor vehicle offences.

“These high-visibility deployments send a clear message that it’s unacceptable to use defective vehicles on our roads, and anyone trying to fly-tip waste in our rural areas will quickly be identified.

“Operation Eyeball also means sharing expertise and evidence with our partners, allowing us to tackle offenders and ultimately bring them to justice.

“We also rely on the public to act as our ‘eyes and ears’ – if you find or witness fly-tipping, wherever it is, record as many details about the incident and the waste as you can, and report it to your local authority or via the gov.uk website. This will help us take action against those responsible and stop them fly-tipping in the future.

“It is also important to think carefully about who you use to dispose of waste for you. Are they properly licensed? If not, your waste may end up being fly-tipped and enquiries may lead right back to your door.”

Vehicle seized near Skipton due to unlicensed driver

Councillor Carl Lis, Craven District Council’s lead member for Greener Craven, said: “We’re determined to tackle fly-tipping in our district and crack down on those individuals who choose to spoil our beautiful countryside.

“I’m pleased that we’re able to work with other local authorities and the police to take action against these offenders. Here in Craven we have been successful in prosecuting a number of fly-tippers recently and we hope Operation Eyeball will help bring about further prosecutions in the future.”

Gemma Demaline, Area Environmental Health Officer at Harrogate Borough Council, said: “We’re targeting fly-tipping hotspots in the Harrogate district so we can work together with landowners to improve land security and surveillance.

“We’re proud to work in partnership with the police on this operation, which involves carrying out roadside checks of vehicles transporting waste to ensure that the correct legal documentation is kept.

“Fly-tipped rubbish is unpleasant to see especially in our district’s beautiful rural areas; it can cause pollution and cost landowners, local authorities and the environment. It’s everyone’s responsibility to make sure fly-tipping doesn’t happen in our area and we’d like to remind people who use the services of commercial waste removal companies to check they have the correct licences because they could also be liable if their waste ends up fly-tipped.”

Further proactive operations will take place across North Yorkshire in the coming months.

Posted on 12 June 2019 at 11:31am in News stories
