```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-09-04T15:39:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The watch was stolen along with a number of other high value watches, electrical items and firearms from their rural home between Appleton Wiske and Worsall. It happened at some point between 6.30pm on Tuesday 18 August and 8.30am the following morning. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; One of the stolen [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/09/Smiths-watch-grandfather-247x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\xA31,000 reward after precious reminder of a grandfather stolen in burglary - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/1000-reward-after-precious-reminder-of-a-grandfather-stolen-in-burglary/
title: "\xA31,000 reward after precious reminder of a grandfather stolen in burglary"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/1000-reward-after-precious-reminder-of-a-grandfather-stolen-in-burglary/
```

Last modified: 4 September 2020 at 04:39pm

The victim of a burglary near Appleton Wiske is offering a £1,000 reward following the theft of his grandfather’s watch.

The watch was stolen along with a number of other high value watches, electrical items and firearms from their rural home between Appleton Wiske and Worsall. It happened at some point between 6.30pm on Tuesday 18 August and 8.30am the following morning.

Smiths' watch presented to the victim's grandfather

One of the stolen watches is of great sentimental value to the owner as it belonged to his grandfather and was presented to him after 45-year career on the railways. It is described as a gold, Smith’s gent’s watch and is engraved on the back with “British Railways in appreciation."

The following items of jewellery were also stolen during the break-in:

 * Tag Heuer Carrera 300SLR watch
 * Omega De Ville watch in yellow gold on steel
 * Vintage (1961) Omega Seamaster watch
 * Omega 18ct Gold watch
 * Gold and silver cuff links including Mont Blanc black onyx designs
 * Distinctive gold and silver cufflinks in the shape of shotgun shells

The reward is being offered to anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest and charge of the suspect(s).

Officers are also urging anyone who is offered the Smith’s watch or any of the other jewellery for sale to contact them.

Anyone else who has any information that could assist the investigation including motorists in the area with any dash-cam footage of potential suspicious vehicles, are also asked to get in touch.

If you can assist the investigation, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information for incident number 12200144219 or email the investigating officer Elizabeth.estensen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, or online at crimestoppers-uk.org

One man has been arrested in connection with the incid

ent and has been released while under inves

tigation.

Vintage Omega Seamaster Posted on 4 September 2020 at 04:39pm in News stories
