```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-23T13:42:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-03T13:29:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It comes after the initial auction of items from our former headquarters Newby Wiske \u2013 scheduled for in November &#8211; was put on hold after feedback from retired officers. Recent press reports have stated that items have not been offered to museums. This is totally incorrect. A number of museums have been consulted and have [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: More commemorative items from former headquarters will stay in North Yorkshire following consultation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/commemorative-items-former-headquarters-will-stay-north-yorkshire-following-consultation/
title: More commemorative items from former headquarters will stay in North Yorkshire following consultation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/commemorative-items-former-headquarters-will-stay-north-yorkshire-following-consultation/
```

Last modified: 23 January 2018 at 01:42pm

North Yorkshire Police will put a number of commemorative items that were listed for auction on display at its new headquarters, and has offered the remaining items to museums and policing organisations free of charge.

It comes after the initial auction of items from our former headquarters Newby Wiske – scheduled for in November - was put on hold after feedback from retired officers.

Recent press reports have stated that items have not been offered to museums. This is totally incorrect.

A number of museums have been consulted and have identified items of interest, which are being donated to them.

This includes Ripon's Police Museum and the Green Howards Museum in Richmond.

Media reports have also suggested that retired officers have not been consulted.

Again, this is incorrect. Organisations that represent serving and retired officers have been consulted extensively and have provided feedback from members which has informed our decisions.

Following this consultation, a larger number of items are now being retained by North Yorkshire Police.

Some remaining items, which were offered but not taken up during the consultation, will go to auction on 30 January to generate money we will reinvest in providing policing throughout North Yorkshire.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain said: “We’re grateful for the feedback we received from retired officers and others who raised concerns about the auction of some items from our old headquarters.

“We acted on this and postponed the auction so we could consult a number of museums and organisations that represent both serving and retired police officers.”

North Yorkshire Police had already retained a number of historically-significant items when we moved headquarters.

During the consultation, North Yorkshire Police also identified more items which will go on display at our new headquarters in Alverton Court along side the artifacts we chose to retain.

We have also reviewed the location of the auction and concluded that the original auction house is best placed to handle this sale, as we hope it will generate the best sum for each item.

T/ACC Cain added: “Following this further period of review and consultation, I’m satisfied that a greater number of items have been retained by us and shared others who are keen to preserve the county’s rich and established policing heritage.”

The auction will be held by on 30 January by Wilsons Auctions. Items can be viewed online and bids placed on their website www.wilsonsauctions.com or by calling the Dalry auction house directly on 01294 833 444.

Auction registration is required prior to bidding by contacting corebergene@wilsonsauctions.com

The following items were removed from auction following consultation/review:
Alderman R.A cattle trophy
Dobbie cup
Charles Harrington cup
Minnie Hutchinson cup
Inter divisional relay trophy
Portrait of former Chief Constable James Robert Archer-Burton
Swimming trophy
Green Howards plaque

They will be kept and displayed by NYP on behalf of interested parties, with the exception of the Green Howards plaque which is destined for the Green Howards museum.

Other commemorative items we retained when moving from Newby Wiske (prior to the November auction) include:
Ceremonial sword
Carrington Birch sketch of Newby Wiske
Policing through the ages picture
AJ1 motor certificate
North Riding of Yorkshire Police Stone (displayed in the memorial garden)
Bloodhound poster
Thomas Rowlandson sketch

This is not an exhaustive list.

The following are being given to museums and police organisations – arrangements were made prior to the last planned auction:
Victorian clock
NYP branded flatware
Canoe trip picture featuring WYP officers
Caricature of a constable picture
150 years of policing picture
Picture of Olympic torch in front of Newby Wiske
NYP motorcyclists picture
Ministry of Defence crest
Picture of Thomas Hill
Picture of Della Cannings

Posted on 3 January 2018 at 01:29pm in News stories
