```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-04T14:49:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-04T14:17:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Joan Garbutt, 59, from Bedale, withdrew and transferred vast sums of money from her victim\u2019s bank account after posing as a friend and carer. The offences came to light after the death of the elderly woman, who granted Garbutt access to her account so she could help manage her finances. Garbutt stole a total of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Joan-Garbutt-171259-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Carer who stole more than \xA320,000 from frail 96-year-old woman sentenced for \u201Csickening\u201D theft - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/carer-who-stole-more-than-20000-from-frail-96-year-old-woman-sentenced-for-sickening-thefts/
title: "Carer who stole more than \xA320,000 from frail 96-year-old woman sentenced for \u201Csickening\u201D theft"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/carer-who-stole-more-than-20000-from-frail-96-year-old-woman-sentenced-for-sickening-thefts/
```

Last modified: 4 November 2019 at 02:49pm

A carer has been sentenced for stealing more than £20,000 from a 96-year-old woman she was supposed to be looking after.

Joan Garbutt, 59, from Bedale, withdrew and transferred vast sums of money from her victim’s bank account after posing as a friend and carer.

The offences came to light after the death of the elderly woman, who granted Garbutt access to her account so she could help manage her finances.

Garbutt stole a total of £22,805 in a number of transactions over three years.

She was also claiming benefits at the time and acted as the victim’s friend but was paid to carry out care duties.

Garbutt was charged with theft but pleaded not guilty. She was found guilty by a jury following her trial.

Appearing at Teesside Crown Court on Thursday, Garbutt avoided jail but the judge gave her a 18-month prison sentence, suspended for two years.

She has also been given a six-month curfew, with electronic tagging that prevents her from leaving her home between 7pm and 7am.

North Yorkshire Police launched a lengthy investigation in 2017, two months after the death of the victim, who was from Bedale.

After the hearing, PC Caroline Pugh, who led the investigation for North Yorkshire Police, said: “This was a sickening act in which Garbutt gained the trust of a vulnerable 96-year-old woman by pretending to be her friend and carer.

“She then abused her position to systematically steal a large sums of money from the woman’s savings. She showed no remorse and has never admitted her guilt.

“It was a repulsive betrayal of trust and it’s difficult to understand how anyone can do something so heartless and calculated to someone so elderly and vulnerable.

“As a result, the victim’s family have not only had to grieve the death of a loved one, but have also endured additional upset knowing that Garbutt has preyed on the woman’s vulnerability for her own selfish gain.

“I hope the fact she has been brought to justice provides some comfort to them.”

North Yorkshire Police has applied for a Proceeds of Crime Act order to try to recover the money Garbutt stole but it is not clear how much can be recovered.

• If you believe that you or someone you know may have been affected by an offence of this nature, please report it to North Yorkshire Police by calling 101 and selecting option 1 to speak to our Force Control Room.

Posted on 4 November 2019 at 02:17pm in News stories
