```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-03-28T16:37:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In February 2018, David Graham Laycock, 43, of Parliament Street, Burnley, who is originally from Halifax, was found guilty in his absence after failing to attend court on two charges of indecent assault on a girl, dating back to 2003. Laycock went on the run and was arrested in the Halifax area on 20 February. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/David-Graham-Laycock-050974-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Halifax man jailed for non-recent child sexual abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/halifax-man-jailed-non-recent-child-sexual-abuse/
title: Halifax man jailed for non-recent child sexual abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/halifax-man-jailed-non-recent-child-sexual-abuse/
```

Last modified: 28 March 2018 at 05:37pm

A Halifax man who went on the run has been jailed for six and a half years and issued with a year’s extended licence for non-recent indecent assault on a 9-year-old girl in the Filey area.

David Graham Laycock

In February 2018, David Graham Laycock, 43, of Parliament Street, Burnley, who is originally from Halifax, was found guilty in his absence after failing to attend court on two charges of indecent assault on a girl, dating back to 2003.

Laycock went on the run and was arrested in the Halifax area on 20 February. He was remanded in custody until his sentencing at Leeds Crown Court on Monday 26 March 2018 when he was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Rachael Hughes of Scarborough Serious Crime Team, said: “My thoughts are with the victim at this time and I commend her bravery in coming forward to report the abuse. She has had to live with this hanging over her for the past 15 years and while no sentence can undo what happened in the past, I sincerely hope that the sentence handed out to Laycock brings some closure for her and she is able to move on with her life.”

If you have been the victim of sexual abuse, whether it is happening now or in the past, please contact the police. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available. Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

We appreciate that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

Child sexual abuse and exploitation is a foremost priority for all police forces and all reports will be fully investigated. Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Posted on 28 March 2018 at 05:37pm in News stories
