```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-07-06T10:24:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-06T10:20:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have completed a review of an investigation into an offence contrary to section 5(1) of the Wildlife and Countryside Acts 1981, after our decision to caution a man.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Review into pole trap investigation published - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/review-wildlife-crime-investigation/
title: Review into pole trap investigation published
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/review-wildlife-crime-investigation/
```

Last modified: 6 July 2016 at 10:24am

North Yorkshire Police have completed a review of an investigation into an offence contrary to section 5(1) of the Wildlife and Countryside Acts 1981, after our decision to caution a man.

This involved looking again at the evidence and the decision, using the Ministry of Justice Guidelines on Adult Cautions, the Adult Gravity Factor Matrix, and the latest Director of Public Prosecutions Guidance on Charging. Specialist advice was also sought from the Crown Prosecution Service.

Read the background to this review.

Our review found that we had not used the correct cautioning guidelines when dealing with this case. Police officers have a level of discretion in deciding how to deal with a case, based on the specific circumstances of the incident. However, the review concluded that if the correct guidelines had been used, it is likely that the man would have been charged, rather than cautioned.

It is important to remember that a police caution is not a “let off”. A person who has been cautioned has a criminal record, and there can be very serious consequences as a result. Depending on the circumstances, they may lose their job and income, and there may also be implications for the person’s future employment. A decision was also made to revoke this man’s firearms licence as a result of his involvement in this offence.

As a result of the review, we asked the Crown Prosecution Service to consider whether further action should be taken on this case, and provided them with other details of our activity related to the man involved. After consideration, the Crown Prosecution Service decided that, taking all matters into account, including that a decision had already been made, no further action should be taken.

We would like to offer reassurance that the mistake we made on the use of guidelines was isolated to this particular case. Nonetheless, we have taken the matter very seriously, and we have ensured we have done everything we can to avoid mistakes happening in the future. We have amended our policy on how wildlife crimes are dealt with by investigators and decision-makers, and advice from specially-trained officers is now sought in every case. We are also using our position as the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead on rural and wildlife crime, to share what we have learned with other police services across the UK.

We will do our very best to protect our local wildlife, and deliver the police national wildlife action plan here in North Yorkshire and more widely.

Posted on 6 July 2016 at 10:20am in News stories
