```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-23T14:13:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers executed a warrant at an address in the town on Wednesday 22 June 2016, and recovered a large number of cycle parts including frames, forks, wheels and other component parts. Also located were other suspected stolen items. Now police have turned to Facebook to help reunite this property with its rightful owners. Inspector Alex [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/IMG_5863.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Suspected stolen bikes found in Harrogate - are they yours? - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-stolen-bikes-found-harrogate-whose/
title: Suspected stolen bikes found in Harrogate - are they yours?
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/suspected-stolen-bikes-found-harrogate-whose/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police are aiming to reunite people with suspected stolen property uncovered in Harrogate.

Officers executed a warrant at an address in the town on Wednesday 22 June 2016, and recovered a large number of cycle parts including frames, forks, wheels and other component parts. Also located were other suspected stolen items.

Now police have turned to Facebook to help reunite this property with its rightful owners.

Inspector Alex Langley, of Harrogate Police, said: "We're asking people to view these items online, to try to identify any of the suspected stolen property, regardless of whether they have reported the matter to police previously or not.

"Meanwhile, proactive enquiries are in hand to continue to tackle cycle crime in Harrogate, with numerous property marking opportunities in the district over the coming weeks."

If you are able to identify an item, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and quote reference number 12160109604.

Please provide your contact details, the four-digit item number shown on the online gallery, the reason why you believe the item is yours and any associated crime reference numbers. Someone from the investigation team will get back in touch in due course.

Insp Langley added: "I am asking cyclists to follow three simple crime prevention measures: always lock your bike when it is unattended; ensure that your lock is fit for purpose and could not be simply snapped or pulled apart with minimal force; and think about where you are parking your bike.

"Would a thief be happy spending a few minutes sawing or cutting your lock in a particular area? If the answer is 'yes' then maybe you need to move to a more public place. Parking your bike at the rear of your work premises may be the most convenient for you to get in and out of work - but is it the safest place for your bike?

"Often people feel that because they have bought a cycle lock that means their bike is secure and will not be stolen. Unfortunately, criminals have access to bolt croppers and wire cutters, and locking a bike to a fire escape in an isolated back street or private area only gives criminals more time and freedom to remove your lock and then make off unseen and unheard.

"If possible, always ensure your bike is secured inside a garage or shed, and do not risk leaving it unattended overnight."

If you have any information relating to cycle crime in Harrogate, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 23 June 2016 at 02:13pm in News stories
