```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T10:47:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-23T10:46:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A crown court jury has accepted a man&#039;s guilty plea of manslaughter for a &quot;brutal and unnecessary&quot; attack in Richmond, North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Richmond murder trial - Jury accepts manslaughter plea and man sentenced to six years and nine months&#039; imprisonment - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/richmond-murder-trial-jury-accepts-manslaughter-plea-man-sentenced-six-years-nine-months-imprisonment/
title: Richmond murder trial - Jury accepts manslaughter plea and man sentenced to six years and nine months' imprisonment
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/richmond-murder-trial-jury-accepts-manslaughter-plea-man-sentenced-six-years-nine-months-imprisonment/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 10:47am

A crown court jury has accepted a man's guilty plea of manslaughter for a "brutal and unnecessary" attack in Richmond, North Yorkshire.

Cohnor James Coleman, 24, of Cookson Way, Brough with St Giles, near Catterick Garrison, was convicted and sentenced at Teesside Crown Court today (23 October 2015) following five-day trial.

His victim, Andrew Jackson, 43, from Willow Crescent, Richmond, suffered severe head and brain injuries in the sustained attack, which happened near the entrance to the Georgian Theatre on Victoria Road between 11.10pm and 11.25pm on Saturday 25 April this year.

Andrew died two days later at James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough.

The jury heard that Coleman was having an affair with Mr Jackson's wife.

On the tragic night in question, when all three were on a night out with their friends, Coleman targeted Mr Jackson after he became jealous when he saw his lover with another man.

Coleman had previously admitted the manslaughter of Mr Jackson but pleaded not guilty to murder.

The jury returned a not guilty verdict for murder but accepted Coleman's guilty plea for manslaughter. He was sentenced to six years and nine months' imprisonment.

Detective Chief Inspector Allan Harder of North Yorkshire Police, who led the investigation, said: "Andrew Jackson suffered an untimely and tragic death which has caused untold suffering and heartache for his family and friends.

"Cohnor Coleman flew into a jealous rage that night and violently took out his frustration on Andrew for no justifiable reason. It was an unprovoked, brutal and unnecessary attack. Tragically, Andrew found himself in the wrong place at the wrong time.

"Andrew's loved-ones will gain little comfort from the outcome at court. Nothing will bring him back to them. I just hope they can now begin the long process of coming to terms with their loss and proudly keep Andrew's memory alive."

**Family statement from Peter Jackson, Andrew 's father**

"The last five months have been horrendous, but I would like to thank everyone at North Yorkshire Police and the teams involved in this case. I would also like to thank the prosecution team led by Mr Paul Mitchell for all their hard work. Thank you to all our family and friends who have supported Sue and I during this ordeal.

"My son Andrew will always be in my heart and will always be missed."

**23 October 2015 - 1.15pm**

Posted on 23 October 2015 at 10:46am in News stories
