```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-13T13:06:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-13T12:05:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Local Authority Area where Notice Issued Total Notices Issued Local Residents Visitors Male Female Being Outside Place of Living Outdoor Gathering Indoor Gathering Obstruct / Contravene Craven 19 1 18 16 3 19 Hambleton 4 4 4 4 Harrogate 10 10 9 1 10 Richmond Ryedale Scarborough 49 35 14 28 21 15 34 Selby [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fixed Penalty Notices issued from 6 January 2021 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-from-6-january-2021/
title: Fixed Penalty Notices issued from 6 January 2021
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-from-6-january-2021/
```

Last modified: 13 January 2021 at 01:06pm

North Yorkshire Police have issued 107 FPNs for breaches of the Coronavirus regulations since the new national lockdown commenced on 6 January 2021.

Local Authority Area where Notice Issued Total Notices Issued Local Residents Visitors Male Female Being Outside Place of Living Outdoor Gathering Indoor Gathering Obstruct / Contravene
Craven 19 1 18 16 3 19
Hambleton 4 4 4 4
Harrogate 10 10 9 1 10
Richmond
Ryedale
Scarborough 49 35 14 28 21 15 34
Selby 3 2 1 3 3
York 22 19 3 16 6 7 15
TOTALS 107 57 50 76 31 58 0 49 0

Speaking about the number of fines issued in the first week of the national lockdown, Superintendent Mike Walker, lead for the force’s Covid-19 response said:

“We have issued 107 fixed penalty notices since the national lockdown commenced on 6 January 2021, which is more than double the number we issued in the first week of the first national lockdown last year.

“Sadly we are seeing a minority of people flouting the rules and who are making unnecessary journeys into or across the county or who are gathering indoors and holding house parties.

“I cannot emphasis enough the risk this behaviour presents at this current time and I urge people to think about their actions and very carefully consider the decisions they make about leaving home. You should only leave home for essential reasons and if you do go out, you should stay local.

“Currently within North Yorkshire and the City of York we have some of the highest infection rates across the Yorkshire and Humber region. So it isn't just about the risk of people bringing the virus in with them. It's about the risk that you could pick up the virus here and take it home with you, spreading it wider to your family and loved ones.

“So please follow the rules – stay home, protect the NHS and save lives.”

Posted on 13 January 2021 at 12:05pm in News stories
