```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-12T18:15:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to a four-vehicle collision on the A64 near Malton on Saturday 10 January 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after Leeds man injured in four-car collision near Malton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-leeds-man-injured-in-four-car-collision-near-malton/
title: Appeal after Leeds man injured in four-car collision near Malton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-leeds-man-injured-in-four-car-collision-near-malton/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police are appealing for witnesses to a four-vehicle collision on the A64 near Malton on Saturday 10 January 2015.

It happened at around 5.10pm on the east-bound carriageway near the junction with Sandy Lane between the Jinnah restaurant and Harton turn-off.

The crash involved four vehicles, a blue Nissan Almera, a blue Volkswagen Gold, a silver Vauxhall Astra and a grey Volvo.

The driver of the Nissan, a 34-year-old man from Leeds, was taken to Leeds General Infirmary with head and leg injuries where he currently remains. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

The driver of the Volvo was taken to York District Hospital but was later discharged. No-one else was taken to hospital.

Police are appealing to anyone who was travelling on the A64 at the time of the collision to contact them. In particular, anyone who saw any of the vehicles prior to the crash and anyone who witnessed the actual collision.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Vince Maltby or email vincent.maltby@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The road was closed while the casualties were treated and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene of the collision.

Posted on 12 January 2015 at 06:15pm in News stories
