```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-23T16:04:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-23T15:47:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incidents occurred on Thursday 23 May 2019 sometime between 12.30am and 6.30am when rooms were searched and property including purses and handbags stolen from a house in Hollins Lane. A coffee shop on High Street, Hampsthwaite, was broken into and a tips jar was stolen, and items of property were damaged. This morning police [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/05/12190092411-12190092452-or-12190092451--e1558625743407.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglaries in Hampsthwaite near Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-hampsthwaite-near-harrogate/
title: Appeal following burglaries in Hampsthwaite near Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-hampsthwaite-near-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2019 at 05:04pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two burglaries and one attempt burglary that occurred in Hampsthwaite on Hollins Lane and the High Street.

The incidents occurred on Thursday 23 May 2019 sometime between 12.30am and 6.30am when rooms were searched and property including purses and handbags stolen from a house in Hollins Lane.

A coffee shop on High Street, Hampsthwaite, was broken into and a tips jar was stolen, and items of property were damaged.

This morning police also received a report of suspects trying doors to get into flats on Hollins Lane overnight. A nearby car was also broken into, and some items taken from inside.

Enquiries are ongoing into the incidents, including forensic CSI examinations, and CCTV and house-to-house enquiries in the area.

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance and would like to hear from annyone who may have seen any suspicious activity in the areas at the time.

In particular, they would like to hear from anyone who is offered what they think could be stolen items, one of which is a distinctive necklace (pictured), taken from one of the addresses.

PC Nicholas Woods said:

"Please can I take this opportunity to remind all residents and businesses to ensure that all doors and windows are locked when left unattended."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicholas Woods. You can also email Nicholas.Woods@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference numbers 12190092411, 12190092452 or 12190092451 when providing any information.

Contact details:
 Nicholas Woods \- #101
Nicholas.Woods@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190092411, 12190092452 or 12190092451
Posted on 23 May 2019 at 04:47pm in Local appeals, News stories
