```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-18T10:19:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-18T09:23:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police (NYP) is opening a recruitment window for Special Constables today, Monday 18 June 2018.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: The opportunity to become a Special Constable starts today! - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-opportunity-to-become-a-special-constable-starts-today/
title: The opportunity to become a Special Constable starts today!
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-opportunity-to-become-a-special-constable-starts-today/
```

Last modified: 18 June 2018 at 11:19am

North Yorkshire Police (NYP) is opening a recruitment window for Special Constables today, Monday 18 June 2018.

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties.

“Specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and backgrounds, which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their full-time colleagues.

The force is hoping to receive applications from those who want to enjoy being a Special Constable alongside their existing careers, or those who have retired or perhaps found themselves in a new chapter in their lives and need a new exciting challenge, to apply.

The message NYP is hoping to convey is “This is what’s in it for you”. Being a Special Constable is an exciting opportunity to learn new skills, help communities across North Yorkshire and be a key part of policing across the county - but it also has many other benefits for an individual.

Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverly –Holmes, who has been a Special Constable for 30 years, said:

“We are really keen for people to apply who think this is something they want to do for a long time, rather than a stepping stone or short term interest. Being a Special Constable is indeed that – it is something special.

“If someone is settled in their career but feels they would benefit from a commitment outside of work, then we encourage them to explore the opportunity to apply.

“For anyone who has retired and wants to apply their skills and experience to an exciting challenge then this is definitely for you. I also believe that anyone who wants to broaden their social circle or improve their physical and mental health, could benefit from becoming a Special Constable.”

Sharron added:

“Being a Special is one of the most interesting, demanding, but rewarding volunteer roles you can do. Here at North Yorkshire Police, we really value our volunteers and recognise the positive impact their hard work and dedication has, not only on colleagues, but on the communities we serve.”

“The force has also recently expanded the opportunities available within our Special Constabulary. So you can get involved in specialist areas of policing, expand your skill set and take up opportunities for further development."

Recruitment closes at 9am on 31 July 2018.

To find out more, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs/special-constables/

Posted on 18 June 2018 at 10:23am in News stories
