```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-16T14:05:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-16T14:02:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first incident happened in Aiskew on A684 Bedale Road, near to the railway level crossing, at 4.30pm on Tuesday 1 December 2020. Two 11-year-old girls who were approached by a man in a white van. He got out and shouted to the girls who became frightened and ran home. The second incident occurred about [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal following suspicious van driver incidents in Aiskew and Bedale area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-suspicious-van-driver-incidents-in-aiskew-and-bedale/
title: Police appeal following suspicious van driver incidents in Aiskew and Bedale area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-suspicious-van-driver-incidents-in-aiskew-and-bedale/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2020 at 02:05pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two suspicious incidents involving a van driver in the Aiskew and Bedale area.

The first incident happened in Aiskew on A684 Bedale Road, near to the railway level crossing, at 4.30pm on Tuesday 1 December 2020.

Two 11-year-old girls who were approached by a man in a white van. He got out and shouted to the girls who became frightened and ran home.

The second incident occurred about 8.15 am on Tuesday 15 December 2020 at the same location. On this occasion the girls were walking to school and the same van and driver drove slowly alongside and in front of the girls. The girls reported the incident to school and police.

Police are conducting patrols in the area to reassure the community while enquiries are ongoing to help identify the man and the vehicle and driver. We are also requesting the public’s help with any information that could assist the investigation.

The vehicle is described as a white van with a broken wing mirror and cracked windscreen, with a possible partial registration of "AP17".

The driver is described as white, aged in his 50s, short shaved dark-brown or black hair, bushy moustache and beard, and he was wearing a black and red chequered shirt and grey jogging bottoms.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sarah Norman. You can also email sarah.norman@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200232771.

Follow us on Twitter: @BedaleNPT
Facebook: #BedalePolice

Contact details:
 Jerry Perrin \- #1500
sarah.norman@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31500
Incident reference:
 12200232771
Posted on 16 December 2020 at 02:02pm in Local appeals
