```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-14T17:46:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-14T16:38:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Target ran from 8am to midnight and saw officers from the Roads Policing Group, Road Crime Team, Rural Task Force, Firearms Support Unit, Neighbourhood Policing Teams and the Special Constabulary provide a boost to local policing teams in Stokesley, Thirsk, Northallerton, Bedale and Easingwold to engage with local people, deter and target criminals, gather [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation &quot;Targets&quot; vulnerabilty in Hambleton area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-targets-vulnerabilty-hambleton-area/
title: Operation "Targets" vulnerabilty in Hambleton area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-targets-vulnerabilty-hambleton-area/
```

Last modified: 14 March 2017 at 05:46pm

A week-long proactive policing operation that’s sweeping across North Yorkshire was launched in the Hambleton area yesterday (Monday 13 March 2017).

Operation Target ran from 8am to midnight and saw officers from the Roads Policing Group, Road Crime Team, Rural Task Force, Firearms Support Unit, Neighbourhood Policing Teams and the Special Constabulary provide a boost to local policing teams in Stokesley, Thirsk, Northallerton, Bedale and Easingwold to engage with local people, deter and target criminals, gather intelligence and provide a reassuring presence in local communities.

The key theme of the operation is vulnerability with a particular focus on rogue traders and bogus callers. This saw officers team up with trading standards colleagues in the Stokesley area where they gathered valuable information about suspects who are targeting vulnerable people.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce also visited auction marts and other rural locations, to hand out “Rural wellbeing” leaflets to raise awareness of the importance of wellbeing for farmers and others who live and work in the countryside.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Rural communities are used to keeping their problems to themselves. There may be times when you see something that isn’t quite right, but you don’t feel that it’s your job to let anybody else know about it. You may be aware of somebody who is struggling to look after their stock due to failing health or because of depression, isn’t managing the paperwork and worried about the repercussions. You may have concerns that someone in your family or community is vulnerable in some way.

“The police are often the organisation that gets called out as a last resort, but help at the right time may have been able to avoid problems spiralling out of control. Your help could solve those problems – or even save lives.”

In Barton near Darlington, officers patrolling the A1 arrested a 30-year-old man wanted on immigration offences in the Northampton area.

In the Thirsk area officers seized a van containing 53 cannabis plants near Felixkirk. Despite searches in the area, the suspect was not found and an investigation is ongoing to trace him.

Officers also carried out patrols in Easingwold and Leeming Bar where young drivers congregate following concerns from members of the public.

In other areas, officers seized two vehicles, issued five traffic offence reports for various offences, searched four vehicles, signposted a homeless man to support services and took and woman and two children to safety after their car got a flat tyre.

Officers also contacted potential victims of bogus doorstep callers to offer crime prevention advice and encourage people to sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging – a system that allows members of the public to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their area.

Inspector Dave Edwards, said: “This has been an opportunity to gather our major resources together to provide a boost to local policing teams and help protect people in Hambleton. The aim of the operation was to engage with the community, particularly vulnerable people, to target and disrupt offenders and gain valuable information to help inform future police activity. We gathered a lot of valuable intelligence which will come to fruition in the future.

“My thanks go to our partner organisations who worked alongside us. By working with other agencies we are able to provide an all-round service in addition to our enforcement activities and delivery of crime prevention advice.”

Visit the Safer countryside page of the North Yorkshire Police website for more information about help and support available in rural areas, and NYCM.co.uk to find out about Community Messaging.
The operation will target a different area of North Yorkshire each day.

Posted on 14 March 2017 at 04:38pm in News stories
