```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-02T12:48:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident started at about 9.15pm in Cathedral Gardens (which run between the Cathedral and Sainbury&#8217;s upper car park) and then continued across the car park towards St Marygate. It involved a group four males in their late teens. The victim was struck by one of them, and \xA320 stolen was from him. The victim [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery in Ripon city centre - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-robbery-in-ripon-city-centre/
title: Appeal following robbery in Ripon city centre
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-robbery-in-ripon-city-centre/
```

Last modified: 2 July 2019 at 01:48pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Ripon city centre on Thursday 27 June 2019.

The incident started at about 9.15pm in Cathedral Gardens (which run between the Cathedral and Sainbury's upper car park) and then continued across the car park towards St Marygate.

It involved a group four males in their late teens. The victim was struck by one of them, and £20 stolen was from him. The victim sustained a facial injury.

One of the group is described as white, 19 years of age, slim build, 5ft10-6ft tall, wearing a grey hooded top and grey tracksuit bottoms. He had acne on his face.

Another is described as white, 16-19 years of age, scruffy brown fair hair, tubby build wearing a light blue t-shirt.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for any witnesses to the incident or anyone who may have been in their vehicles in and around Sainsbury's car park in Ripon at the time with dashcam footage that may be of evidential value.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Lana Beardsley. You can also email lana.beardsley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190116077.

Contact details:
 Lana Beardsley \- #429
lana.beardsley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ext 31801
Incident reference:
 12190116077
Posted on 2 July 2019 at 01:48pm in Local appeals
