```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-28T09:28:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A joint operation involving British Transport Police and North Yorkshire Police sent a strong message that alcohol-related anti-social behaviour on trains, at York station and in the city centre is unacceptable.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Joint police operation to keep York feeling safe and secure - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-police-operation-to-keep-york-feeling-safe-and-secure/
title: Joint police operation to keep York feeling safe and secure
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-police-operation-to-keep-york-feeling-safe-and-secure/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

A joint operation involving British Transport Police and North Yorkshire Police sent a strong message that alcohol-related anti-social behaviour on trains, at York station and in the city centre is unacceptable.

Dozens of officers from both forces worked together on Saturday 28 March to ensure that people could visit York, enjoy themselves, and feel safe.

Officers - including seven North Yorkshire Police Special Constables, who volunteered their own time to take part in the operation - worked alongside a drugs dog on the 'day of action' to identify problematic groups and individuals coming in and out of York, and deal with them firmly if required.

BTP Chief Inspector Derek O'Mara said: "The joint operation to identify problematic groups and individuals coming in and out of York on Saturday was extremely successful.

"A number of people were dealt with and words of advice given to groups whose behaviour we felt was unacceptable and anti-social to other people.

"We had some excellent feedback from passengers and rail staff who were pleased to see that we were taking the issue of alcohol-related anti-social behaviour on trains and at stations seriously and putting in measures to address it.

"BTP officers regularly work alongside rail staff from train operators to undertake a weekly operation on a Saturday night at York station to identify passengers who are heavily under the influence of alcohol or acting anti-socially. If their behaviour is unacceptable we will take firm action and they will not be allowed to travel and removed from the station.

T/Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police, said: "We want everyone to be able to enjoy the city of York and feel safe. We will take action against anyone whose behaviour falls below an acceptable standard, including the use of dispersal powers to remove people from the city centre if they are identified as causing or very likely to cause crime or anti-social behaviour.

"We work very closely with our BTP colleagues, and this partnership allows us to identify potentially problematic groups coming into York and take the necessary action required to minimise any issues.

"This was a successful day of action, and people can be reassured that staff from both North Yorkshire Police and BTP will continue to engage with people visiting York, including large groups, to make sure they are aware of the standards of behaviour expected.

"Both North Yorkshire Police and BTP are active members of the AVANTE group, which meets regularly to discuss the York's night time economy. Other partners include Pubwatch, Safer York Partnership, York University and York St John university student unions, City of York Council licensing staff, Trading Standards, Street Angels, and more. Many members of the public stopped officers to ask what was happening due to the high number of police on Saturday, and all were pleased to see the police taking positive action. I would welcome any further feedback from York residents regarding city centre policing."

CI O'Mara added: "This is not about trying to spoil people's fun or ruining their day out. It's about educating people to be aware of their alcohol consumption and their behaviour. We will continue to work closely with North Yorkshire Police to ensure that everyone is able to visit York and feel safe and secure."

**Activity at York station - Saturday 28 March 2015**

 * There were no arrests made or incidents of note at York station, although officers made a number of early interventions which prevented incidents escalating and resulting in the need for arrests. People were ejected and either told to come back when sober or make alternative arrangements to get home.

**Activity in York city centre - Saturday 28 March 2015**

 * One person was arrested for a domestic incident outside a city centre pub.
 * Three men were issued with a section 35 direction to leave the city centre for 12 hours. All three complied and left. Had they refused to leave they would have been liable to arrest.
 * The passive drugs dog indicated three separate people, all of whom were stopped and searched, with one positive result.
 * Three further drug searches located one man in possession of cannabis, and another in possession of unknown tablets.
 * A man was arrested for drunk and disorderly behaviour after being refused entry into a city centre pub and making threats.

Posted on 28 March 2015 at 09:28am in News stories
