```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-09-13T11:51:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Jon Callum Shellard attacked two women before assaulting the boy in what detectives described as a \u201CDavid and Goliath\u201D confrontation. But the teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, tried to diffuse the incident and drew attention away from other children he believed were in danger. The detective who led the investigation has praised [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Jon-Callum-Shellard-10071990-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Man jailed after stabbing boy who bravely intervened in \u201CDavid and Goliath\u201D attack - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-after-stabbing-boy-who-bravely-intervened-in-david-and-goliath-attack/
title: "Man jailed after stabbing boy who bravely intervened in \u201CDavid and Goliath\u201D attack"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-after-stabbing-boy-who-bravely-intervened-in-david-and-goliath-attack/
```

Last modified: 13 September 2019 at 12:51pm

Police have praised the actions of a 16-year-old boy after a man who stabbed him with a broken bottle was today jailed for 30 months.

Jon Callum Shellard attacked two women before assaulting the boy in what detectives described as a “David and Goliath” confrontation.

Jon Callum Shellard

But the teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, tried to diffuse the incident and drew attention away from other children he believed were in danger.

The detective who led the investigation has praised his “outstanding” bravery and courage.

Police were called to reports of a violent incident at a residential address in Filey on the morning of 20 July this year.

The victim told police she had been assaulted by Shellard, 29, who grabbed her throat causing visible injuries.

He then fled carrying a knife and police launched a wide-scale search to find him.

Shellard, of Albermarle Crescent, Scarborough, attended an address in Scarborough later the same day.

He pushed another woman down some stairs and kicked her in the face, causing visible injuries.

A 16-year-old boy intervened, challenged Shellard about his violent behaviour and drew his attention away from younger children who were also at the address.

The defendant chased the teenager and stabbed him in a neighbouring street with part of a wine bottle, which smashed during the chase.

The boy was taken to hospital with serious but not life-threatening injuries and was discharged after his wound was treated.

Police found Shellard and arrested him. He was remanded in jail.

Shellard pleaded guilty to assault, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon in public when the case reached court.

After the hearing, Detective Constable David Adams, who led the investigation for Scarborough CID, said: “This was a tragic and very selfish drunken episode which was self-induced on Shellard’s part and could have ended very differently for his victims.

“He chose to do what he did without a thought of the wide-reaching implications for everyone involved. Fortunately, this was an isolated incident and offences of this severity are rare in Scarborough.

“I would like to highlight the outstanding bravery of the 16-year-old victim in this case, which is even more impressive considering his age. He drew the attention of Shellard away from children who were also present in the address when he was going berserk and being violent.

“He took on a fully-grown man twice his age and substantially taller and stronger than him in what can be described as a ‘David and Goliath’ scenario.

“I welcome this sentence passed today by the court. It serves a stark warning that behaviour of this kind will be dealt with robustly by the police and the courts. It also sends a clear message that it will not be tolerated and will inevitably end up with you in prison for a long time.”

North Yorkshire Police has officers trained to deal with domestic abuse in whatever form it may take. Report it to us on 101, or 999 if someone’s safety is in danger. Victims will be treated professionally, with respect and compassion. If you do not want to contact the police, independent and confidential support can be provided by the Independent Domestic Abuse Services (IDAS). They have a 24-hour helpline on 03000 110110.

Posted on 13 September 2019 at 12:51pm in News stories
