```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-24T12:06:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-24T11:40:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The 2018 FIFA World Cup will take place from 14th June \u2013 15th July 2018.\_ The worldwide demand for match tickets is expected to be significant. Action Fraud have been alerted to several websites which are offering World Cup Tickets for sale, some at highly inflated prices. A FIFA spokesperson said: \u201CFIFA regards the illicit [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/FOOTBALL-FRAUD-ALERT2-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: FIFA World Cup 2018 Ticket Alert - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fifa-world-cup-2018-ticket-alert/
title: FIFA World Cup 2018 Ticket Alert
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fifa-world-cup-2018-ticket-alert/
```

Last modified: 24 April 2018 at 01:06pm

The latest advice for anyone considering purchasing tickets for the FIFA 2018 World Cup finals in Russia.

* * *

The 2018 FIFA World Cup will take place from 14th June – 15th July 2018. The worldwide demand for match tickets is expected to be significant. Action Fraud have been alerted to several websites which are offering World Cup Tickets for sale, some at highly inflated prices. A FIFA spokesperson said:

“FIFA regards the illicit sale and distribution of tickets as a very serious issue and it has been reminding all football fans that FIFA.com/tickets is the only official and legitimate website on which to buy 2018 FIFA World Cup tickets.”

“FIFA has received various complaints and enquiries by customers of non-authorised ticket sales platforms, and has consistently confirmed that these companies cannot guarantee access to the stadiums as the respective tickets may be cancelled. Insofar customers are at risk of investing a high amount of money (also for travelling and accommodation) without having the certainty to actually be able to attend the matches.”

FIFA have also warned that “any tickets obtained from any other source, such as ticket brokers, internet auctions or unofficial ticket exchange platforms, will be automatically rendered void and invalid”.

Action Fraud received over six hundred reports and intelligence submissions in relation to the previous World Cup so it’s vital that football fans exercise caution when considering a purchase or making a transaction.

Protect yourself:

 * Don’t take the risk. Tickets for the World Cup 2018 can only be purchased directly from FIFA. For more information, please visit www.FIFA.com/tickets.
 * A FAN ID is required for fans to be able to enter the 2018 FIFA World Cup stadiums. Exercise caution if using a third party to obtain your FAN ID for you. You may be charged inflated costs for the service and your personal details may be compromised. For more information, please visit www.fan-id.ru.
 * For useful advice and information on the World Cup please visit the Government Guidance Pages; https://www.gov.uk/guidance/be-on-the-ball-world-cup-2018

If you have been affected by this, or any other type of fraud, report it to Action Fraud by visiting actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040. In an emergency dial 999.

If you have any information regarding those responsible for such crimes, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

More advice on how to protect yourself and your family from fraudsters can be found by visiting northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud or following the Take Five North Yorkshire hashtag (#TFNY) on Facebook and Twitter.

Posted on 24 April 2018 at 12:40pm in News stories
