```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-03T15:56:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-03T15:25:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police were called at around 10.20am on Thursday 28 July 2016 following reports of criminal damage to Scarborough Castle. Vandals took wood from the castle compound and set it alight, blackening a section of the castle walls. The incident happened between 7.30pm on 27 July 2016 and 8am on 28 July 2016. Clea Warner, Area [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning after famous Yorkshire castle is vandalised - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/castle-vandalised/
title: Warning after famous Yorkshire castle is vandalised
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/castle-vandalised/
```

Last modified: 3 August 2016 at 03:56pm

English Heritage and police are sending out a joint warning after vandals targeted one of North Yorkshire’s most famous castles.

View image

Police were called at around 10.20am on Thursday 28 July 2016 following reports of criminal damage to Scarborough Castle.

Vandals took wood from the castle compound and set it alight, blackening a section of the castle walls.

The incident happened between 7.30pm on 27 July 2016 and 8am on 28 July 2016.

Clea Warner, Area Manager for Yorkshire and the South Lakes, from English Heritage said: “Scarborough Castle is an important historic site and this is a serious case of heritage crime.

“We are very concerned that the castle has been targeted in this way. English Heritage are working with the North Yorkshire Police to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

“Heritage crime robs us of our shared history and causes damage to places of unique historical significance. It includes offences such as illegal metal detecting, theft of lead and historic stone as well as graffiti and vandalism to historic buildings.”

Scarborough-based Chief Inspector Lindsay Stamp, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “It beggars belief that anyone would vandalise one of the county’s most historic buildings.

“I know that the community as a whole in Scarborough takes great pride in attractions such as the castle – and will be keen to see the perpetrators brought to justice.

“I’d appeal for anyone who has any information to share it with us immediately.”

If you have any information that may help the investigation, call North Yorkshire Police on 101, press 1 and speak to the force control room. Please quote reference number 12160134659.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 3 August 2016 at 03:25pm in News stories
