```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-03T16:42:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Dame Judi Dench Walk, York at around midnight on 22 April 2019 and involved a man walking on his own towards the city who was assaulted by two other men. The victim suffered broken teeth and suspected broken ribs as a result of the attack, although he did not seek medical attention [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following an assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-an-assault-in-york/
title: Appeal following an assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-an-assault-in-york/
```

Last modified: 3 June 2019 at 05:42pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in York City Centre.

It happened on Dame Judi Dench Walk, York at around midnight on 22 April 2019 and involved a man walking on his own towards the city who was assaulted by two other men.

The victim suffered broken teeth and suspected broken ribs as a result of the attack, although he did not seek medical attention for his injuries.

Police are appealing to anyone who can help identify two men who were seen in area just before the incident took place. Although there was no CCTV in the area, officers have obtained a description of the men.

The first man is described as white, aged approximately 60 with combed back black/dark hair. He was wearing glasses and a dark coloured jacket which looked like a Barbour style coat and was of medium build.

The second man is described as white, aged 55-65 with collar length, dark, wavy hair and was well-built.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC DRYDEN . You can also email leon.dryden0090@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190072312

A police spokeswoman said: "We appreciate that this offence happened some weeks ago, however, due to circumstances beyond our control, the description of the men has only recently been obtained. We hope people can cast their minds back to the early hours of Monday 22 April and assist our appeal."

Contact details:
 leon dryden \- #0090
leon.dryden0090@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30090
Incident reference:
 12190072312
Posted on 3 June 2019 at 05:42pm in Local appeals
