```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-06T15:59:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-06T15:07:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Poaching is the illegal taking, killing, injuring or pursuit of game, deer or fish. The countryside around York has large areas of farmland, which can be vulnerable to poaching activity. In addition to being a wildlife crime, illegal poaching on farmland can cause significant damage to young crops, resulting in large financial losses for farmers. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Four men due in court after York poaching report - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-men-due-in-court-after-york-poaching-report/
title: Four men due in court after York poaching report
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-men-due-in-court-after-york-poaching-report/
```

Last modified: 6 January 2020 at 03:59pm

Four men have been reported for summons, after vigilant residents called police about suspected poaching near York.

Poaching is the illegal taking, killing, injuring or pursuit of game, deer or fish. The countryside around York has large areas of farmland, which can be vulnerable to poaching activity. In addition to being a wildlife crime, illegal poaching on farmland can cause significant damage to young crops, resulting in large financial losses for farmers.

Police were called in the early hours of 5 January 2020, just after midnight, with a report that a group of men with lamps and dogs were in fields near Upper Poppleton, York.

Officers attended immediately, and searched the area. At 1am, they located and spoke to four men, aged in their 20s and 30s. All four have been reported for summons for poaching offences.

Last year, North Yorkshire Police launched Operation Galileo – part of a nationwide clampdown on illegal poaching.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: "We know that incidents of poaching tend to increase in the winter months. However, anyone thinking of coming to North Yorkshire to commit such offences should know that this behaviour will not be tolerated.

"Officers are working hand-in-hand with local communities, so we rely on residents to call in suspicious activity, and we take such reports extremely seriously."

Residents are encouraged to note down and report any suspicious activity, such as unusual vehicle movements, particularly in remote or isolated areas. Even if the information doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of intelligence helps the police build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice. Call North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Posted on 6 January 2020 at 03:07pm in News stories
