```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T09:42:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-23T09:40:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The 63-year-old man who died in a house explosion in Haxby near York on Friday morning (19 February 2016) has today been formally identified as Paul Frederick Wilmott.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Haxby house explosion - family tribute to Paul Wilmott who died - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/haxby-house-explosion-family-tribute-paul-wilmott-died/
title: Haxby house explosion - family tribute to Paul Wilmott who died
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/haxby-house-explosion-family-tribute-paul-wilmott-died/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 09:42am

The 63-year-old man who died in a house explosion in Haxby near York on Friday morning (19 February 2016) has today been formally identified as Paul Frederick Wilmott.

Father-of-one Mr Wilmott is believed to have been alone in his house in Springwood, Haxby, when the explosion happened. Investigations into the cause remain ongoing.

An inquest is expected to open and adjourn on Thursday 25 February.

In a written statement, Mr Wilmott's family described him as a "fun and inspiring" person who was extremely kind and enjoyed life.

Their statement reads: "Paul was born in York and had lived here all his life. Paul had worked for many years at Leeds Beckett University as the specialist sound engineer with the video production unit. He had been a volunteer with York Hospital Radio since he was a young man.

"As their technical officer, he did many outside broadcasts including from the York Barbican and York Minister, as well as the city's Joseph Rowntree Theatre and the Theatre Royal.

"He and his partner, Olivia, had been together for over nine years and shared a love of ice skating."

His son, Ian, described his father as a happy person, who was fun and inspiring.

Olivia said: "He was the kindest, gentlest person I have ever known."

Mr Wilmott also leaves behind his mother and brother.

23 February 2016

Posted on 23 February 2016 at 09:40am in News stories
