```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-25T12:07:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Organisations in York are working together this summer to help children and young people enjoy their holiday safely right from the start.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Summer operation to keep York safe for young people - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-operation-keep-york-safe-young-people/
title: Summer operation to keep York safe for young people
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-operation-keep-york-safe-young-people/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

Organisations in York are working together this summer to help children and young people enjoy their holiday safely right from the start.

Over the school holidays, North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council will head Operation Liberate, an initiative that will identify young people in potentially vulnerable situations, and take steps to keep them safe.

While York is a very safe city, young people may be at risk due to their location, the time of day, their peer group and the potential for anti-social behaviour.

Operation Liberate ran for the first time in 2015, and got underway this year on Saturday 23 July. Under the operation, young people identified to be potentially at risk can be brought to a designated ‘place of safety’. There, they will be spoken to and advised by police and volunteers, and referred on to other organisations if necessary.

Partner agencies including domestic abuse charity IDAS, the NHS, Lifeline and the council will work together with specially-trained volunteers to ensure any particularly vulnerable young people get the support they need.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “It’s vital that we do everything we can to help young people in York keep safe. During the summer holidays, some youngsters may find themselves in potentially harmful situations. We and partner organisations can support them, to ensure they don’t put themselves at unnecessary risk.

“Operation Liberate is all about working together to support these young people so we can identify their needs at an early stage and help avoid any problems recurring in the future.”

Cllr Stuart Rawlings, City of York Council’s Executive Member for Education, Children and Young People, said: “While instances of anti-social behaviour and of young people being at risk were very few last year, this initiative aims to keep it that way and ensures everyone can get set for summer. Helping set appropriate behaviour levels while limiting risk taking helps make York an even safer city for its younger residents.”

Posted on 25 July 2016 at 12:07pm in News stories
