```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-15T13:34:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-15T12:01:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Lee Bavin, 27, of Manchester Road, Bradford was sentenced at York Crown Court on Friday 15 January 2021 following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police\u2019s proactive drugs team, Operation Expedite. In September 2018, Bavin, who was part of a wider network of dealers and drug runners targeting Harrogate, was a passenger in a white Mercedes [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/Lee-Bavin-13031993-1-300x268.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Jail for prolific &#039;county lines&#039; drug dealer who targeted Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-for-prolific-county-lines-drug-dealer-who-targeted-harrogate/
title: Jail for prolific 'county lines' drug dealer who targeted Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-for-prolific-county-lines-drug-dealer-who-targeted-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 15 January 2021 at 01:34pm

A repeat ‘county lines’ drug dealer who brought crack cocaine and heroin into Harrogate has been jailed for five years and four months.

Lee Bavin, 27, of Manchester Road, Bradford was sentenced at York Crown Court on Friday 15 January 2021 following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police’s proactive drugs team, Operation Expedite.

Lee Bavin

In September 2018, Bavin, who was part of a wider network of dealers and drug runners targeting Harrogate, was a passenger in a white Mercedes that was stopped near Huby by the force’s Operational Support Unit as it travelled towards Harrogate.

Officers searched the vehicle - and Bavin - and found 40 wraps of heroin and 140 wraps of crack cocaine protruding from his underwear. They also seized 82 methandienone tablets and a sim card from his bag and three mobile phones from the car. He was arrested and an investigation was launched.

Bavin’s mobile phone showed he was linked to a prolific ‘county line’ that was operating between Bradford and Harrogate offering drugs for sale through mass text messaging.

During the investigation, Bavin came to the attention of the police on a number of occasions and was arrested again in January 2020 after plain clothed officers saw a suspected drug deal taking place in Harrogate. They followed the suspects to a block of flats where Bavin was found hiding and in possession of over £800, 19 wraps of heroin and a phone.

Officer applied for his to be remanded in custody at this point due to the prolific nature of his offending and the to protect the wider public. This was granted by the courts.

He was subsequently charged with two counts of possessing heroin with intent to supply, one of possessing crack cocaine with intent to supply, and one of possessing a class C drug (methandienone) with intent to supply.

He changed his plea to guilty to all offences when he appeared at court in November 2020.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Tom Barker of Harrogate’s Operation Expedite Team, said: “Lee Bavin is a prolific offender who showed no regard whatsoever to police action. I am hopeful that while he is in prison he is able to reflect on the crimes he has committed and receives help to rectify his criminal behaviour.

“Drug dealing causes misery in our communities we hope local people are reassured that we are committed to disrupting it and taking those responsible off the streets.

“We urge anyone with information to continue to report information about drug dealing in their area. It’s vital in helping us piece together the bigger picture. No matter how insignificant you think the information is, please call us. And if you don’t want to speak to us, you can pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers.”

**County lines**

“County lines” is the term given to a form of organised crime in which drug dealers, usually from urban areas, such as West Yorkshire or Manchester, target smaller towns and cities. It takes its name from the mobile phone lines used by dealers to advertise drugs for sale. Violence and intimidation is prevalent within county lines. Due to the exploitation of vulnerable people associated with it, it is a key, operational priority for North Yorkshire Police.

A major concern for North Yorkshire Police is a practice known as cuckooing, which is where drug dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person and use it to store and sell drugs. They often use violence and intimidation to achieve this.

Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of cuckooing in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have.

Signs of “cuckooing” to look out for include:

 * Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Please also look out for the signs that a young person you know might be exploited by drug dealers:

 * Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area;
• Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
• Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
• Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
• Leaving home / care without explanation
• Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
• Carrying weapons
• Significant decline in school results / performance
• Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
• Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being
Call the police on 101 or visit our website for partner agencies who can offer help and support Young people and drugs - where to get help - North Yorkshire Police | North Yorkshire Police

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

Posted on 15 January 2021 at 12:01pm in News stories
