```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:51:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-09T20:50:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In a continued effort to reduce motorcyclists&#039; deaths on our regions roads North Yorkshire Police are launching a series of biker events as part of the National Police Chiefs Council Motorcycle Week of Action.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police host biker safety events - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-host-biker-safety-events/
title: North Yorkshire Police host biker safety events
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-host-biker-safety-events/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:51pm

In a continued effort to reduce motorcyclists' deaths on our regions roads North Yorkshire Police are launching a series of biker events as part of the National Police Chiefs Council Motorcycle Week of Action.

Starting on Bank Holiday Monday and continuing throughout the week, BikeSafe events will take place in a number of locations popular with bikers.

BikeSafe is a nationwide police-led motorcyclist casualty reduction initiative that is run by the majority of forces throughout the country.

A BikeSafe workshop explores the main riding hazards that face bikers on a daily basis. We know that unfortunately 70% of motorcycle collisions are down to rider error; such as taking the wrong line through bends or inappropriate overtaking. By delivering theory based presentations and observed rides, the workshops aim to help riders discover their strengths and weaknesses and also where to go next to develop and get more from their biking.

The BikeSafe scheme is also supported by 95 Alive partnership colleagues who regularly visit venues popular with bikers, promoting Bikesafe and distributing other potentially lifesaving information

Events are scheduled to take place throughout the week at the following times and locations:

 * Mon 31st Aug - Helmsley Market Place from 12 to 6pm
 * Weds 2nd Sept - Manor Café, Bellerby from 4pm to 8pm
 * Thurs 3rd Sept - Whistlestop Café, Whitby from 4pm to 8pm
 * Sat 5th Sept - Squires Café, Sherburn in Elmet from 10am to 7pm

Police advanced motorcycle officers will be on hand to provide advice and information. Riders will also be able to pick up a copy of the Biker's Guide to North Yorkshire which has been produced by the 95 Alive York and North Yorkshire Road Safety partnership. The guide provides invaluable advice about riding in North Yorkshire, highlighting hazards and high-risk locations on the most popular riding routes.

Traffic Sergeant Sean Grey, who is the Regional BikeSafe Coordinator said:

"BikeSafe is an invaluable scheme which provides constructive advice to enable riders to get the most out of their biking. By improving skills, knowledge and hazard awareness it makes riding safer and more enjoyable. The events are open to all to come along, have a chat with us to learn more about the training and enrol on a course. "

As part of the week's actions, the regions high risk locations will also receive increased police attention with support being provided by the NPAS helicopter on key routes.

Police will also be using a range of other enforcement methods, combining high visibility patrols, unmarked patrols, covert patrols, unmarked motorcycle equipped with speed detection and video recording equipment and mobile safety camera vans.

DCC Tim Madgwick, who is the NPCC Lead for Motorcycling said:

"The BikeSafe scheme offers riders a great opportunity to improve their skills, get more from their riding and ultimately keep themselves and other roads users safe - we know that the more training you get, the better and safer the rider you become.

"From the extensive research conducted by the 95 Alive partnership, five strong themes have been identified which cause the majority of collisions - filtering, junctions, cornering, overtaking and group riding. If we can assist riders in improving their handling of these hazards, this will lead to less tragedy on our roads.

Posted on 9 August 2015 at 08:50pm in News stories
