```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-11-24T14:57:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Working alongside partners from Harrogate Borough Council, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) and HMRC, the operation which ran from 7pm to 11pm on Friday 11 November 2016, checked a total of 25 private hire vehicles and Hackney Carriages. Checks were made to ensure that the drivers were properly licenced and that the vehicles [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Improving safety for Harrogate taxi customers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/improving-safety-harrogate-taxi-customers/
title: Improving safety for Harrogate taxi customers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/improving-safety-harrogate-taxi-customers/
```

Last modified: 24 November 2016 at 02:57pm

Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Road Policing Group have carried out checks on taxis in Harrogate, to ensure the vehicles are providing a safe service to passengers.

Working alongside partners from Harrogate Borough Council, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) and HMRC, the operation which ran from 7pm to 11pm on Friday 11 November 2016, checked a total of 25 private hire vehicles and Hackney Carriages.

Checks were made to ensure that the drivers were properly licenced and that the vehicles they were driving were safe to carry customers on the roads.

From the 25 taxis checked, 18 vehicles underwent full mechanical examinations for defects by the DVSA and drivers were checked by HMRC taxation officers. As a result of the checks three taxis were given immediate prohibition notices, which means the vehicles were ordered off the road. One was clamped by officers from the DVSA due to a number of defects relating to tyres, brakes and electrical faults.

One other vehicle was given a delayed prohibition notice for a brake defect, giving them seven days to rectify the fault. A number of drivers were advised in relation to minor vehicle defects and several drivers were also warned by taxi inspectors about breaches of taxi licencing rules.

Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said: “We have now been conducting these operations periodically for the last three years in an effort to improve safety for taxi customers. Previous years operations have found that a significant number of vehicles were below the necessary safety standards and I am again disappointed by the fact that this year’s operation found three vehicles that had to be taken off the road immediately, due to dangerous defects”.

“I want to again remind taxi drivers that it is their responsibility to ensure their vehicle is free of defects before they use it, regardless of the fact it is a company vehicle and that they will be held responsible for these defects which ultimately put their safety at risk, together with that of their passengers”.

Councillor John Ennis, Harrogate Borough Council’s Licensing Committee Chairman said: “The safety of the public is our number one priority. Operators of private hire vehicles and Hackney Carriages must take their responsibilities seriously. Whilst the majority of vehicles stopped were found to be roadworthy, a small number of vehicles had defects serious enough for them to be taken off the road.

“The council conducts regular inspections to ensure that taxi drivers vehicles are in a roadworthy condition, they are properly licensed and they are complying with the conditions of their licence. Operating a defective vehicle can endanger both passengers and other road users, and it will also have serious implications on the taxi driver’s livelihood.”

Posted on 24 November 2016 at 02:57pm in News stories
