```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-04T14:42:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police will be carrying out high-visibility patrols in the Chapelfields area of York over the coming days to ensure everyone can enjoy the Bonfire Night period safely.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Proactive police patrols in Chapelfields to ensure Bonfire Night safety - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-police-patrols-chapelfields-ensure-bonfire-night-safety/
title: Proactive police patrols in Chapelfields to ensure Bonfire Night safety
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-police-patrols-chapelfields-ensure-bonfire-night-safety/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police will be carrying out high-visibility patrols in the Chapelfields area of York over the coming days to ensure everyone can enjoy the Bonfire Night period safely.

Responding to residents’ concerns, officers and PCSOs from the York West Neighbourhood Policing Team will be deployed on proactive patrols in the area tonight and over the weekend, and parents are being urged to ensure their children behave responsibly.

Several residents have reported groups of young people congregating in the area and using fireworks over the last few days.

Inspector Andy Godfrey said: “York is a very safe city, and the vast majority of residents enjoy the Bonfire Night period in the right spirit. However, some people can put themselves and others at risk by misusing fireworks and behaving anti-socially. In particular, we have received a number of reports of incidents on the Chapelfields estate in recent days.

“Responding to those concerns, there will be a high-visibility presence in the Chapelfields area, and we will take robust action against anyone causing disruption. A dispersal order is in place, giving officers the power to direct people to leave the area if they are likely to be involved in anti-social behaviour.

“I would urge parents to speak to their children, so that they understand how their actions could cause alarm or distress to others, and lead to a fine, a criminal record or even an arrest.

“Anyone who witnesses crime or anti-social behaviour should call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency, so that we can take positive action.”

It is an offence to throw fireworks in the street or any public place, and for anyone under the age of 18 to possess an adult firework. It is also an offence to supply any firework to a person under the age of 16.

Residents in the west of York can stay up-to-date with the activities of their local team on Twitter, at @snayorkwest.

Posted on 4 November 2016 at 02:42pm in News stories
