```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-19T12:09:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened around midday on Saturday 17 August, when the vehicle drove off from officers after being requested to pull over on Stoney Haggs Lane. The vehicle was stopped in traffic a short time later and has since been seized by police. The driver, a 36-year old man from Hull, was arrested at the scene [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses and dash-cam footage sought after vehicle fails to stop for Scarborough police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-and-dash-cam-footage-sought-after-vehicle-fails-to-stop-for-scarborough-police/
title: Witnesses and dash-cam footage sought after vehicle fails to stop for Scarborough police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-and-dash-cam-footage-sought-after-vehicle-fails-to-stop-for-scarborough-police/
```

Last modified: 19 August 2019 at 01:09pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses after a white Vauxhall Astra failed to stop for officers in Scarborough.

It happened around midday on Saturday 17 August, when the vehicle drove off from officers after being requested to pull over on Stoney Haggs Lane. The vehicle was stopped in traffic a short time later and has since been seized by police.

The driver, a 36-year old man from Hull, was arrested at the scene and has since been charged with a number of offences including failing to stop, dangerous driving and driving without a licence or insurance. He will be appearing at Scarborough Magistrates Court on Monday 9th September.

He has also been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test

The arresting officer, PC Liam Cromack, of Scarborough Police said, "Due to the time of day, the road was fairly busy and I believe a number of motorists may have seen the Astra as it made its way down Seamer Moor Lane. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have a dashcam fitted to their vehicle which captured some or all of the incident."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190151364.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 07741802571 | 101, option 2, "456"
Incident reference:
 12190151364
Posted on 19 August 2019 at 01:09pm in Local appeals
