```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-17T12:32:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing to anyone who recognises the man to contact them. The robbery happened on Goodramgate at around 6.10pm on Wednesday 10 August 2016, near to the Yorkshire Roast, close to the junction with Petergate. The victim, a 59-year-old man, used a cash machine near to Tesco Express and was walking along the street [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08/Efit-YOrk-robberty-first-suspect.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efit issued in York robbery investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-york-robbery-investigation/
title: Efit issued in York robbery investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-york-robbery-investigation/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

Police investigating a knife-point robbery in York have issued an efit image of one of the suspects.

View image

Detectives are appealing to anyone who recognises the man to contact them.

The robbery happened on Goodramgate at around 6.10pm on Wednesday 10 August 2016, near to the Yorkshire Roast, close to the junction with Petergate.
The victim, a 59-year-old man, used a cash machine near to Tesco Express and was walking along the street when he felt an arm around his shoulder and a man ushering him towards a wall.

At the same time a second man, who was holding a knife, stood in front of him blocking his path.

The efit is of the first suspect who put his arm around the victim.

The two men spoke with a foreign accent, and the man with his arm around the victim has gestured to him to give him the money. The victim was also threatened by the men.
During the incident, the men were all smiles as if to give the impression that they were friends having a chat.
The victim, fearing for his safety, handed over the money that he had just withdrawn. The suspects then thanked him before leaving the area. The whole incident happened very quickly.
The first suspect who had his arm around the victim is described as 5ft 11 in tall, of stocky but toned build and aged between 26 to 30 years old. He was unshaven and had black hair, brown eyes and olive skin. He was wearing a tight gym top, black jogging trousers and trainers.
The second suspect who was holding the knife is described as similar in height, with an olive complexion, of smaller build to the first man, but still toned. He was aged between 24 to 26 and dressed in a similar way to the first suspect.
There is potentially a third suspect involved in the incident who spoke to the victim afterwards. He had a similar appearance to the first two.

The victim was physically unharmed, but very shaken up by the incident.
Police are advising members of the public to be vigilant when they are using cash machines and appealed to anyone who can help identify the suspect, witnessed the incident, or has any information about the suspects to contact them.
Please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Serious Crime Team. Or email SCTYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk
If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Please quote reference 12160143873 when calling.

Posted on 17 August 2016 at 12:32pm in News stories
