```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-12-05T16:20:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "They are appealing for witnesses or information about the incidents on the number 5 and 12 services. An 18-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man who sat next to her on the number 5 bus on Monday, 26 November 2018. \_\_ The same man had previously made comments that made her uncomfortable and touched [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after teenage girl is sexually assaulted on York bus - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-bus-assault/
title: Appeal after teenage girl is sexually assaulted on York bus
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-bus-assault/
```

Last modified: 5 December 2018 at 04:20pm

Detectives are investigating after a vulnerable teenage girl was sexually assaulted and a second vulnerable teenager was touched inappropriately on buses in York.

They are appealing for witnesses or information about the incidents on the number 5 and 12 services.

An 18-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man who sat next to her on the number 5 bus on Monday, 26 November 2018.

The same man had previously made comments that made her uncomfortable and touched her inappropriately.

He is described as dark skinned, aged 40 to 60, of larger build, with short or shaved hair wearing a black jacket. He has previously been seen travelling from Huntington Road towards York railway station at around 4pm on either the route 5 or 12 bus.

In a separate incident, a 19-year-old girl was approached by a man twice as she travelled on the number 12 bus from Monkton Road into the city centre.

On the first occasion he touched her hand inappropriately and made inappropriate comment. On the most recent occasion, on Wednesday, November 14 2018, he sat near hear and asked her questions that made her uncomfortable.

He is described as black, around 40 years old, of fat build and balding.

Police are currently working to establish whether the cases are linked to each other, or any other incidents.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Allen (collar number 1759). You can also email Detective Constable Allen on SCTyork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180220537.

Posted on 5 December 2018 at 04:20pm in News stories
