```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-16T17:25:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man suffered serious facial injuries when he was assaulted in a Scarborough nightclub.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man injured in Scarborough nightclub attack - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-injured-in-scarborough-nightclub-attack/
title: Man injured in Scarborough nightclub attack
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-injured-in-scarborough-nightclub-attack/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man suffered serious facial injuries when he was assaulted in a Scarborough nightclub.

The victim, a 35-year-old local man, sustained a broken jaw, which required surgery, when he was punched in the face in Vivaz nightclub on Huntriss Row at around 1.30am on 20 December 2014.

The victim was standing next to the dancefloor when he was attacked.

He lost his glasses in the incident but they were returned to him by another man later that night.

Officers would like to speak to the man who returned the victim's glasses as he may have information vital to the investigation.

The police would also like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident or has any other information that can help their enquiries.

Anyone who can assist the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Detective Constable Sarah Walkey or Detective Sergeant Ken Proctor at Scarborough CID.

Alternatively, information can be emailed to sarah.walkey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or kenneth.proctor@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12140221601 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 16 January 2015 at 05:25pm in News stories
