```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-02-03T18:42:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Annual crime statistics have been published today by the Office of National Statistics. Crime in England and Wales &#8211; Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk) Covering the 12-month period to year ending September 2020, the figures show recorded crime has decreased by 9 % percent in North Yorkshire. Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain, said: \u201CNot withstanding [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: ONS Crime Figures published today - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ons-crime-figures-published-today/
title: ONS Crime Figures published today
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ons-crime-figures-published-today/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2021 at 06:42pm

Annual crime statistics have been published today by the Office of National Statistics. Crime in England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk)

Covering the 12-month period to year ending September 2020, the figures show recorded crime has decreased by 9 % percent in North Yorkshire.

Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain, said:

“Not withstanding that for the past ten months, the global pandemic has supressed some areas of crime, such a burglary and theft, the overall figures for North Yorkshire are encouraging.

“The decrease in overall crime is also down to some significant pro-active work by a number of teams across the force.

“We believe Stalking and Harassment offences have continued to rise due to the fact victims have increased confidence in reporting it. The increase can also be attributed to the requirement to record multiple crimes where stalking and/or harassment has occurred, rather than simply one crime per incident.

“With drugs offences, the rise reflects our pro-active approach to dealing with drugs issues such as County Lines. This issue causes a disproportionate amount of harm to local communities and increases the fear of crime - this is why county lines continues to remain a priority. My thanks go to the public for providing the community intelligence which enables this pro-active work to be carried out. This intelligence is key to us achieving these results.

“Post-lockdown in the summer of 2020, we experienced a significant rise in public order offences at some of our beauty spots. We responded to this with an increase in enforcement in those areas.

“The landscape of policing will endure change as we respond to the pandemic, however we will continue to place victims at the centre of everything we do.

“I want to take this opportunity to thank our committed workforce who do their very best every day to keep our communities safe. Equally I want to thank the public of North Yorkshire and the City of York for their support during this incredibly challenging time for us all.”

Posted on 3 February 2021 at 06:42pm in News stories
