```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-25T14:10:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-24T14:40:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: He has been named as George Redpath from Darley. The collision happened at about 7.40am on Saturday 24 August 2019 on the B6451 in Dacre Banks outside the Village Store. Mr Redpath was crossing the road towards the store having parked his car opposite, when he was in a collision with a red racing cycle [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 79 year-old man dies following collision with cyclist near Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-seriously-injured-in-collision-near-harrogate/
title: 79 year-old man dies following collision with cyclist near Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-seriously-injured-in-collision-near-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 25 August 2019 at 03:10pm

The 79 year-old man who was involved in a collision with a red racing cycle in a village near Harrogate on Saturday has sadly died.

He has been named as George Redpath from Darley.

The collision happened at about 7.40am on Saturday 24 August 2019 on the B6451 in Dacre Banks outside the Village Store.

Mr Redpath was crossing the road towards the store having parked his car opposite, when he was in a collision with a red racing cycle being ridden in the direction of Summerbridge.

The 62-year-old cyclist, also from Darley, was seriously injured and remains in hospital where his condition is described as stable.

Police are continuing to appeal for anyone who witnessed the collision or has any information surrounding the events of the collision to contact them.

Please call North Yorkshire Police on101, select option 2 and ask for Rob Roberts. Alternatively, please email Rob.Roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12190156187 when providing information.

**Original release: Pedestrian seriously injured in collision with cyclist near Harrogate**

_Published Saturday 24 August_

Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious collision involving a pedestrian and cyclist.

In happened at about 7.40am on Saturday 24 August 2019 on the B6451 in Dacre Banks outside the Village Store.

The pedestrian, a 79year-old man from Darley, was crossing the road towards the store having parked his car opposite, when he was in a collision with a red racing cycle being ridden in the direction of Summerbridge.

As a result, the pedestrian suffered serious head injuries. He has been taken to Leeds General Infirmary where his condition is described as critical.

The 62 year-old cyclist, also from Darley, was taken to Harrogate District Hospital with a serious shoulder injury where his condition is described as serious but stable.

Officers investigating the collision are would like to hear from anyone who witnessed it or either of the people involved, prior to it to contact them.

Anyone with information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police. Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Rob Roberts. Alternatively, email Rob.Roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote incident number 12190156187 when providing information.

Posted on 24 August 2019 at 03:40pm in News stories
