```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:54:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-02T13:33:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Sometime between 1pm and 5pm on Tuesday 31 December 2019, a farm on the outskirts of Thorpe Willoughby near to the Hambleton Roundabout on Selby Bypass was broken into. Offenders gained entry by snapping the lock of a kitchen window and carried out an untidy search of every room before stealing a Canadian Ice diamond [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/Stolen-ring.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Four year-old girl left terrified by \u2018monsters\u2019 following burglary \u2013 can you help? - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-year-old-girl-left-terrified-by-monsters-following-burglary-can-you-help/
title: "Four year-old girl left terrified by \u2018monsters\u2019 following burglary \u2013 can you help?"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/four-year-old-girl-left-terrified-by-monsters-following-burglary-can-you-help/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:54pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Thorpe Willoughby on New Year’s Eve.

The Canadian Ice diamond engagement ring with white gold band which was stolen during the burglary

Sometime between 1pm and 5pm on Tuesday 31 December 2019, a farm on the outskirts of Thorpe Willoughby near to the Hambleton Roundabout on Selby Bypass was broken into. Offenders gained entry by snapping the lock of a kitchen window and carried out an untidy search of every room before stealing a Canadian Ice diamond engagement ring with a white gold band and £800 of cash.

Police are appealing for information; in particular, they would like to hear from any dog walkers or employees of Network Rail who may have been in the vicinity between Saturday 28 December and New Year’s Eve to contact police if they noticed any suspicious people or vehicles in the area the time.

They would also like to hear from anyone who has any CCTV or dash-cam footage captured in Thorpe Willoughby leading up to, and on New Year’s Eve, which may help the investigation.

Police Investigator David Pegg of North Yorkshire Police said:

“The victims returned to their home on New Year’s Eve and quickly realised that their home had been burgled after finding their front door wide and kitchen window wide open.

“Every room had been rifled through and their four year-old daughter, who saw the aftermath of the burglary, has been left terrified believing that ‘monsters’ are coming back to get her.

“I appeal to anyone who has any information that could help us to catch those responsible to come forward.”

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation or has seen, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, select option 2 and ask for David Pegg. You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12190238483 when providing information if it relates to a specific incident:

For advice on how to protect your home from burglars visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Posted on 2 January 2020 at 01:33pm in Burglary, News stories
