```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-24T16:22:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: View the CCTV here The incident happened at around 2.50am in the early hours of Friday 12 August 2016 outside Bambinos takeaway in Kings Road. It involved a large group of men who began fighting, resulting in a number of men being knocked to the floor, including one who appears unconscious on the CCTV footage. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV issued in Harrogate fight appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-harrogate-fight-appeal/
title: CCTV issued in Harrogate fight appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-harrogate-fight-appeal/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police in Harrogate have issued CCTV footage of a violent disturbance in Harrogate as they appeal for witnesses and victims to come forward.

View the CCTV here

The incident happened at around 2.50am in the early hours of Friday 12 August 2016 outside Bambinos takeaway in Kings Road.

It involved a large group of men who began fighting, resulting in a number of men being knocked to the floor, including one who appears unconscious on the CCTV footage.

Police were notified of the incident by CCTV operators and to date, no victims have come forward.

Officers are appealing to anyone who was present and was either assaulted or witnessed the incident to come forward.

They are also appealing to anyone who can help identify any of the people in the footage, including the aggressors, to get in
touch.

There were a number of members of the public around at the time, including some who came to the assistance of the injured men. Officers have stressed that not everyone shown in the footage are suspects, but could be vital witnesses to what went on. They are urged to come forward.
​
Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate Investigation Hub. You can also email investigationhubharrogate@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160144683 when passing on information.

A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and release on bail while enquiries continue.

Posted on 24 August 2016 at 04:22pm in News stories
