```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-12T10:01:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-12T10:00:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Thor, a six-year-old German Shepherd, had worked alongside his handler, PC Martin Gayles, since 2014. Working as a general purpose police dog, Thor helped to aid arrests, sniff out suspects, locate property and find missing and vulnerable people over the years. He has now been retired on medical grounds. Before retiring, Thor spent one last [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Thor-close-up-black-and-white-934x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Goodbye PD Thor: brave North Yorkshire police dog puts up his paws as he retires - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/goodbye-pd-thor-brave-north-yorkshire-police-dog-puts-up-his-paws-as-he-retires/
title: 'Goodbye PD Thor: brave North Yorkshire police dog puts up his paws as he retires'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/goodbye-pd-thor-brave-north-yorkshire-police-dog-puts-up-his-paws-as-he-retires/
```

Last modified: 12 July 2018 at 11:01am

A police dog who served with North Yorkshire Police retired yesterday after four years of service.

Thor, a six-year-old German Shepherd, had worked alongside his handler, PC Martin Gayles, since 2014.

Working as a general purpose police dog, Thor helped to aid arrests, sniff out suspects, locate property and find missing and vulnerable people over the years.

He has now been retired on medical grounds.

Before retiring, Thor spent one last night at home with his family including PC Gayles, his Mam, two sisters, Finn the Labrador and PD Meg, an English Springerdor trained in detecting drugs, cash and firearms.

He has now given up his police duties and put up his paws to live as a pet with a new family in Bradford, making way for PC Gayle’s new sidekick, Buzz, a five-year-old Belgian Malinois.

Commenting on Thor’s retirement, his handler PC Gayles of North Yorkshire Police’s Dog Section said:

“It has been an absolute honour and privilege to work with Thor. He was the first dog I was paired up with when I joined the Dog Section and I couldn’t have asked for a better partner.

“When I found out he was to be retired I was absolutely distraught.

“Not only has he been amazing at his job he has been a loyal and much-loved part of our family.

“The things I’ll miss most about him are kisses and cuddles.

“Whilst I’m gutted to see him retire I’m happy that he will be able to relax and enjoy his retirement with his new family.

“I’m also excited to see what the future brings with my new dog Buzz.”

**Six things PD Thor will be remembered for:**

 1. PD Thor stood guard over his handler PC Gayles after he broke his leg in a 15-foot fall during a chase in 2018.
 2. He protected his handler PC Gayles after he was threatened by a man with a samurai sword in 2015.
 3. PD Thor’s claim to fame is appearing on the Channel 5 television series, The Yorkshire Vet, in 2017.
 4. He used to have his own Twitter account which he shared with his sister PD Meg (although he’s now more of a fan of Facebark)
 5. He caught a masked intruder who was ransacking a York hotel in 2015.
 6. PD Thor had a knee r eplacement in 2017 after a tear of his Cruciate ligaments.

Read: Read what PC Martin Gayle’s had to say about PD Thor earlier this year here.

**Pictured**

Top: PD Thor

Middle: PC Martin Gayles and PD Thor are partnered up in their first week together

Bottom: PC Martin Gayles and PD Meg say goodbye to PD Thor

Posted on 12 July 2018 at 11:00am in News stories
