```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-02T13:42:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Nathan Ellery was convicted of two arson attacks and a burglary at York Crown Court yesterday. Detectives at North Yorkshire Police who investigated the incidents have welcomed the \u201Csubstantial\u201D sentence, saying Ellery gave \u201Cno thought whatsoever\u201D to the lives he put at risk. The 24-year-old (pictured below) ignited cardboard boxed in a store room at [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Nathan-Ellery-180193.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serial arsonist jailed for eight years after setting fire to Scarborough pub - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arsonist-jailed/
title: Serial arsonist jailed for eight years after setting fire to Scarborough pub
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arsonist-jailed/
```

Last modified: 2 June 2017 at 01:42pm

A Scarborough man who started a blaze in a house while on bail for setting fire to a pub is today beginning an eight-year jail term.

Nathan Ellery was convicted of two arson attacks and a burglary at York Crown Court yesterday.

Detectives at North Yorkshire Police who investigated the incidents have welcomed the “substantial” sentence, saying Ellery gave “no thought whatsoever” to the lives he put at risk.

The 24-year-old _(pictured below)_ ignited cardboard boxed in a store room at the Ivanhoe public house in December 2015.

Despite the building suffering serious smoke damage, fortunately nobody was injured.

He also stole toiletry items from the pub on the same day.

Police interviewed and charged Ellery, who was bailed while forensic work was completed.

During his period of bail he went on to commit a further arson at his bail address in North Marine Road, Scarborough.

He was arrested and remanded in custody.

Ellery pleaded guilty to two counts of arson being reckless as to endanger life and one count of burglary when the case reached court.

A judge in York yesterday jailed him for eight years and gave him an extended sentence of four years to reflect the severity of the offences.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Steve Monty of Scarborough’s Serious Crime Team said: “Ellery put people’s lives in danger with his offending. In fact, it’s only down to luck that nobody was seriously injured or killed by his actions.

“It’s difficult to understand why anyone would commit such a crime, let alone do it again while on bail for the first offence.

“Having interviewed Ellery and prepared this case on behalf of North Yorkshire Police, I’m convinced that he gave no thought whatsoever to the peril he was putting people in.

“His substantial sentence reflects the severity of his worrying behaviour, and I’m glad he can no longer pose a risk to the community he endangered.”

Posted on 2 June 2017 at 01:42pm in News stories
