```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-22T17:06:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-22T17:05:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Tribute to our beloved daughter &#8211; Juliana Keshishian We are all devastated and still in shock from the tragedy that took away our beloved daughter. She had just successfully completed her degree and as a 22-year-old woman, had her whole life to look forward to.\_ Juliana\u2019s ambition was to embark upon a career in International [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/Juliana-Keshishian-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Family tribute to Juliana Keshishian who sadly died in a collision near Otley on 18 June 2020 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-tribute-to-juliana-keshishian-who-sadly-died-in-a-collision-near-otley-on-18-june-2020/
title: Family tribute to Juliana Keshishian who sadly died in a collision near Otley on 18 June 2020
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/family-tribute-to-juliana-keshishian-who-sadly-died-in-a-collision-near-otley-on-18-june-2020/
```

Last modified: 22 June 2020 at 06:06pm

22-year-old Juliana was the rear-seat passenger in a Vauxhall Corsa that crashed on the B6451, Brame Lane, near Stainburn Forest. She sadly died in the collision. Juliana's family have issued the following tribute to her.

**Tribute to our beloved daughter - Juliana Keshishian**

Juliana Keshishian

We are all devastated and still in shock from the tragedy that took away our beloved daughter. She had just successfully completed her degree and as a 22-year-old woman, had her whole life to look forward to.

Juliana’s ambition was to embark upon a career in International Relations or work in humanitarian capacity for an NGO.

Sadly she was lost to us on the 18 June following a road traffic accident after returning from a day out in the local countryside, which she adored.

She will always be remembered as the bubbly gregarious person she was. Always smiling, always willing to help in any way she could her fellow students and the wider community. She was a volunteer at the (Leeds) University’s student help line. She spent her last summer-break helping kids learn English.

She was also a volunteer at the Oynofita Refugee camp in Greece in 2016.

She was an accomplished pianist and flutist and used those talents at her local church of worship in Stanborough Park Church, Watford.

Juliana achieved more in her short life than many do in their whole lives.

She was known for her larger than life laugh and would always bring joy and happiness whenever she entered a room.

She also had a cheeky side and wanted to get the best of what life had to offer often seeing the funnier side of things, even when nobody else around would get it.

She will be sorely missed and we will have a permanent hole in our lives which can never be filled. Our hope and prayer is that she will be remembered for her joy and happiness rather than the tragic event that took her away from us.

She is resting in peace now, asleep, not feeling or seeing anything. But we look forward to the day when we will see her once more, fully restored, rising up to heaven on that glorious day of Jesus’s return.

Rest in peace, beloved Juliana.

*************************************************************

Police appeal

Anyone with any information that could assist the police's appeal for information is asked to get in touch if they have not already done so.

The incident happened at around 6.05pm on Thursday 18 June 2020 on the B6451 near Stainburn Forest and involved a blue Vauxhall Corsa which was travelling from the A59 towards Otley, when it left the road.

Juliana was a rear seat passenger in the vehicle and sadly died.

The front seat passenger, a 24-year-old woman from Teddington was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries and is making a good recovery.

The driver of the Corsa, a 23-year-old man from the Liverpool area was taken to hospital with minor injuries and he is now assisting the police investigation.

Police are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw the vehicle prior to the collision, including anyone who may have dashcam footage of the car before or after it left the road, to please contact the police.

Please call 101, press option 2 and ask to speak to Traffic Sergeant Adam Elliott or Traffic Constable Gemma Brett or email Adam.Elliott@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Gemma.Brett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12200103118 when passing on any information.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to attend to the casualties and for collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened just after midnight.

Posted on 22 June 2020 at 06:05pm in News stories
