```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-12T13:58:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are warning homeowners to be vigilant following a spate of sneak-in burglaries in the Harrogate District.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following spate of burglaries in Harrogate District - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-harrogate-district/
title: Appeal for information following spate of burglaries in Harrogate District
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-harrogate-district/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police are warning homeowners to be vigilant following a spate of sneak-in burglaries in the Harrogate District.

On 26 February 2015, a property in Westminster Drive, Burn Bridge, was burgled between 1pm and 1.45pm. The offender (s) gained entry via a front bedroom window and stole a jewellery box containing a large amount of jewellery.

On 3 March, a property in Abbey Mill Gardens, Knaresborough, was targeted between 9.30am and 3.45pm. Gaining entry, again through a bedroom window, the offender (s) stole a large quantity of jewellery.

On 9 March, at approximately 11.45am a property in Riverside Gardens, Langthorpe, Boroughbridge , was entered via a bedroom window. Items of Jewellery were moved but nothing was stolen. Officers believe the occupier of the house disturbed the offender (s) before anything was taken.

Also on 9 March, between 2pm and 5.50pm entry was gained via an unsecure window into a property in Stevenson Close, Knaresborough. A jewellery box and all of its contents was stolen.

Anyone who has any information which might help the investigation into these burglaries, is urged to get in touch. Maybe you saw something suspicious in the area at the time of these incidents, or maybe you have been offered to buy some jewellery.

A man of the same description was seen in the areas of both the properties in Knaresborough and also the property in Langthorpe, Boroughbridge, around the time the burglaries took place. The man is described as 30 - 40 years of age, average build with broad shoulders. He is said to have been wearing a dark coloured beanie style hat, a khaki coloured camouflage jacket and dark trousers.

If anyone has any information about the man, or saw him in any of the mentioned areas at the time, please contact the police on 101.

If you are the man matching the description please also contact the police as you might be able to help us with these investigations.

Police want to remind home owners to be vigilant against burglars and ensure your property is properly secure at all times. Visit our online Safety and Security Advice centre at http://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/crimeprevention

**NOTES: List of stolen property from each address listed below.**

**Stolen property from Westminster Drive**

Citizen eco drive watch 9 ct Gold - £189

Locket - 2 inches in length, chain 24 - 28 inches in length 9 ct Gold. (unknown value)

Large double chain bracelet interlinked 8 inches long, 9 ct gold, £100

Chains, rope or belcher mostly 9 ct gold, 22 - 28 inches long, x 4 (value unknown)

2 bracelets, rope or belcher design - 8 inches 9 ct Gold (value unknown)

Chain and bracelet set, platted 9 ct gold 22 inches 8 inches £240.

American Rope chain, solid gold, 30 inches long, 22 0r 24 ct. Rope design £200+

**Stolen Property stolen from Abbey Mill Gardens**

Gold necklace solitare 0.65 carets diamond £2000

Pair of diamond earrings 0.5 caret £1000

18 Caret gold wedding ring (value unknown)

Gold Bracelet diamond £500

American 14 Caret eternity ring 0.5 caret

9 caret gold wedding ring cut so it could be removed £100

Hoop diamond ruby gold eternity ring (value unknown)

Gold / diamond engagement ring £500

Ruby / Diamond Ring (value unknown)

2 x diamond sapphire ring £400

Gold chain bracelets x 3 £300

**Property Stolen from Stevenson Close, Knaresborough**

Jewellery Box - Plain white with a hinged lid

Gold Coloured eternity ring with white stones inset all the way around

Necklace made of oblong pieces of jet

Silver rope necklace

Longer gold coloured necklace which wrapped around three times

Black broach, jet with gold studs inlaid, broken clasp.

Posted on 12 March 2015 at 01:58pm in News stories
