```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-12T16:12:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-12T16:04:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Graeme Seward, 62, of Park Avenue, Sutton-in-Craven near Skipton was sentenced at Bradford Crown Court on Friday 12 July 2019 after pleading guilty to the improper importation of an indecent or obscene article, possessing a prohibited image of a child and fraudulently evading prohibition or restriction in relation to a child sex doll. He was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Graeme-Seward-04061957-150x150.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Craven man sentenced for importing a child-like sex doll - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/craven-man-sentenced-for-importing-a-child-like-sex-doll/
title: Craven man sentenced for importing a child-like sex doll
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/craven-man-sentenced-for-importing-a-child-like-sex-doll/
```

Last modified: 12 July 2019 at 05:12pm

A Craven man has been given a suspended sentence after importing a child-like sex doll from China.

Graeme Seward

Graeme Seward, 62, of Park Avenue, Sutton-in-Craven near Skipton was sentenced at Bradford Crown Court on Friday 12 July 2019 after pleading guilty to the improper importation of an indecent or obscene article, possessing a prohibited image of a child and fraudulently evading prohibition or restriction in relation to a child sex doll.

He was given a 10-month custodial sentence suspended for two years, ordered to carry out 180 hours of unpaid work, and issued with a 40-day rehabilitation requirement and six-month alcohol treatment programme. He was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order restricting his use of the internet and allowing the police to monitor its use.

The doll, which is just over three feet tall, was discovered by the UK's Border Force when it arrived at East Midlands Airport from China. They notified the Eastern Region Specialist Operations Unit who traced the importation of the doll to Mr Seward.

The case was then transferred to North Yorkshire Police to investigate.

Following Mr Seward’s arrest, officers also found 22 prohibited cartoon images of children engaged in sexual acts and an examination of his computer revealed he had accessed text-based stories about child sexual abuse within an hour of ordering the doll.

Mr Seward initially claimed that he believed the doll was adult sized when he ordered it. However, an examination of the seller’s advert clearly showed the dimensions of the doll, its child-like face and its height of 110cm.

As part of the investigation, the doll was examined by a paediatric doctor who also confirmed that its dimensions were those of a child.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Andrew Lowes, of North Yorkshire Police’s Online Abuse Investigation Team, said: “The manufacture of child-like sex dolls is very disturbing and the underlying motives for acquiring one are a great cause for concern.

“It’s not widely known that it is illegal to import the dolls in the UK and we urge anyone who has any knowledge about their use, to contact their local police.”

Early intervention could help to prevent the abuse of real children. To report information about the use of the dolls, please call the police on 101. Or pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

If you are concerned about anyone you know who you suspect has a sexual interest in children, or you want to get help yourself, we urge you to make use of the Lucy Faithfull Foundation’s Stop it Now campaign, visit www.stopitnow.org.uk or call their confidential hotline on 0800 1000 900.

Posted on 12 July 2019 at 05:04pm in News stories
