```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:27:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-21T14:26:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Following the below appeal and outstanding support from members of the public, a 26 year old man from Scarborough has been charged with Criminal Damage and Assault Occasioning Actual Bodily Harm (S47 Assault).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UPDATE - Appeal following attack on Eastfield police station - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-appeal-following-attack-eastfield-police-station/
title: UPDATE - Appeal following attack on Eastfield police station
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-appeal-following-attack-eastfield-police-station/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:27pm

Following the below appeal and outstanding support from members of the public, a 26 year old man from Scarborough has been charged with Criminal Damage and Assault Occasioning Actual Bodily Harm (S47 Assault).

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an offence of criminal damage, endangering life, that occurred in Eastfield, Scarborough.

It happened at 10.20pm on Sunday 16th of August 2015 at Eastfield Police Station, Scarborough and involved a male offender throwing a heavy garden ornament through a double glazed window, injuring a woman Police Community Support Officer who was working inside.

The officer received chest and facial injuries and was knocked to the floor. She was taken to Scarborough Hospital by ambulance where she was discharged following treatment.

A 26-year-old male has been arrested and released on bail pending further enquiries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may have witnessed the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Mark Barnard. You can also email mark.barnard@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150143356.

21 August 2015.

Posted on 21 August 2015 at 02:26pm in News stories
