```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:34:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-22T11:55:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The event, which is North Yorkshires biggest LGBT celebration, was held in York City Centre on Saturday 18 June and was attended by thousands of people. The parade started at York Minster and wound its way through the city centre to the Knavesmire, where a free festival took place with diverse entertainment, food, drinks and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/York-Pride-NYP-4-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police raised the rainbow at York Pride 2016 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-raised-the-rainbow-at-york-pride-2016/
title: North Yorkshire Police raised the rainbow at York Pride 2016
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-raised-the-rainbow-at-york-pride-2016/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:34pm

North Yorkshire Police were proud to support the fifth York Pride at the weekend with Acting Chief Constable Tim Madgwick joining the parade through York City Centre.

The event, which is North Yorkshires biggest LGBT celebration, was held in York City Centre on Saturday 18 June and was attended by thousands of people.

The parade started at York Minster and wound its way through the city centre to the Knavesmire, where a free festival took place with diverse entertainment, food, drinks and activities for all. The parade was a culmination of weeks of celebrations demonstrating support for LGBT equality showing that everyone, no matter whether lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender can and should be able to live a happy and healthy life free of discrimination.

Whilst the event and parade are a time for celebrating diversity and freedom, it was also a time for reflection. Before setting off, a minutes silence was observed to remember the victims of the Orlando shooting. Rev’d Canon Michael Smith also led a prayer for Pride and for victims of LGBT persecution around the world.

Speaking about the event A/CC Madgwick said;

“York Pride was another great success and the event goes from strength to strength each year”.

“It was great to see the people of North Yorkshire turning out to raise awareness of LGBT issues and show their support for LGBT communities, both local and worldwide and their right to live their lives free of discrimination and hatred. North Yorkshire Police are proud to support the event and we look forward to next year's parade.”

Posted on 22 June 2016 at 11:55am in News stories
