```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-02T15:55:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened in daylight hours between 11.50am and 3.15pm on Tuesday 1 May 2018 when the offenders broke into a property on Foxwood Lane after the occupants left their home for a hospital appointment. A rear window was smashed, and numerous items of \_jewellery were stolen along with a safe which was forcibly removed from [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\xA3500 reward offered following York burglary - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-house-burglary/
title: "\xA3500 reward offered following York burglary"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-house-burglary/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

The victims of a York burglary are offering a £500 reward after their house was broken into and around £10,000 worth of jewellery stolen.

It happened in daylight hours between 11.50am and 3.15pm on Tuesday 1 May 2018 when the offenders broke into a property on Foxwood Lane after the occupants left their home for a hospital appointment.

A rear window was smashed, and numerous items of jewellery were stolen along with a safe which was forcibly removed from its wall mountings.

The offenders are believed to have left the scene, secreting stolen property within a distinctive black and white 'zebra print' throw that they have removed from the house.

Investigator Dave Pegg of York Investigation Hub, said: "This audacious break-in happened in broad daylight and has left the victims extremely upset, so much so that they have offered a £500 reward for information that leads to the arrest and charge of the suspects . I am appealing to anyone who either saw any suspicious people in the area in the days leading up to the break-in and to anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity on the day of the burglary to contact us. Your information will be treated in the strictest confidence."

Anyone with any information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 445 Saggers. You can also email 000445@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180075037.

Contact details:
 Alexander Saggers \- #0445
000445@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30445
Incident reference:
 12180075037
Posted on 2 May 2018 at 04:55pm in Local appeals
