```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-13T10:20:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-30T16:54:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Hosted by Welcome to Yorkshire and Amaury Sport Organisation, the cycle race is attracting some of the biggest teams from around the world as they take on hills, dales, moors, towns, cities and villages across Yorkshire. There will be four full stages of racing: Stage 1 on Thursday 2 May: starts in Doncaster and ends [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Ready for a safe and secure Tour de Yorkshire 2019 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ready-for-a-safe-and-secure-tour-de-yorkshire-2019/
title: Ready for a safe and secure Tour de Yorkshire 2019
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ready-for-a-safe-and-secure-tour-de-yorkshire-2019/
```

Last modified: 13 May 2019 at 11:20am

North Yorkshire Police will be on hand to support the safe and secure running of the Tour de Yorkshire 2019 between Thursday 2 May and Sunday 5 May.

Hosted by Welcome to Yorkshire and Amaury Sport Organisation, the cycle race is attracting some of the biggest teams from around the world as they take on hills, dales, moors, towns, cities and villages across Yorkshire.

There will be four full stages of racing:

**Stage 1** **on Thursday 2 May: starts in Doncaster and ends in Selby** , covering 179km, with 32km (18 per cent) of those in North Yorkshire. The route will take in Escrick, Stillingfleet, Cawood, Thorpe Willoughby and Selby.

**Stage 2** **on Friday 3 May: starts in Barnsley and ends in Bedale** , covering 135km, with 68km (50 per cent) of those in North Yorkshire. The route will take in Leathley, Harrogate, Killinghall, Wormald Green, Ripon, West Tanfield, Carthorpe, Burneston and Bedale.

**Stage 3** **on Saturday 4 May: starts in Bridlington and ends in Scarborough** , covering 134km, with 128km (96 per cent) in North Yorkshire. The route takes in Reighton, Hunmanby, Folkton, Cayton, Seamer, East Ayton, Hackness, Harwood Dale, Fylingthorpe, Robin Hoods Bay, Whitby, Sandsend, Egton, Grosmont, Sleights, Cloughton, Burniston and Scarborough.

**Stage 4** **on Sunday 5 May: starts in Halifax and ends in Leeds** , covering 182km, with 130km (71 per cent) in North Yorkshire. The route takes in Sutton-in-Craven, Crosshills, Skipton, Embsay, Burnsall, Threshfield, Kilnsey, Kettlewell (including Park Rash), Middleham, Masham, Grewelthorpe, Kirkby Malzeard, Pateley Bridge, Greenhow Hill, Blubberhouses and Askwith Moor.

For more information about the stages, please go to the official Tour de Yorkshire website **https://letour.yorkshire.com/the-latest/tour-de-yorkshire-2019-routes-announced-in-leeds/**

Deputy Chief Constable Phil Cain, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The Tour de Yorkshire has developed into a spectacular event which we are very proud to support.

“North Yorkshire Police and the other forces involved in the policing of the event, West Yorkshire, Humberside, South Yorkshire, have worked very closely with Welcome to Yorkshire and the other partner agencies throughout the planning process.

“Once again we have been able to draw on the valuable experience gained from the previous four Tour de Yorkshires and the Tour de France Grand Départ in 2014. These events were hugely successful in terms of spectator and participant experiences, and also in delivering effective partnership working across agencies and geographic boundaries.

“This year’s race will again be escorted around the region by specialist police motorcyclists using rolling road closures. Disruption will therefore be kept to a minimum in most locations, with around one hour delays as the peloton passes through the race route.

“Importantly, we have worked very closely with the local authorities to ensure the emergency services can respond to urgent calls during the event.

“Each of the police forces involved will deploy enhanced levels of resources to the crowded locations. This is not because we anticipate any disorder – far from it. Our experiences with the Tour de France in 2014, and the previous Tour de Yorkshire races, showed us that having an enjoyable time with fellow fans is the priority of those in attendance. It is very much a celebratory and family atmosphere, with the style of policing reflecting the occasion.

“However, we are conscious of the large crowds that will gather at certain points of the route, and we want to ensure residents and visitors enjoy the Tour de Yorkshire in a safe environment.”

**Project Servator tactics in operation for the Tour de Yorkshire**

Building on the previous two events, there will again be a greater emphasis on crowd safety and crime prevention at this year’s Tour de Yorkshire.

A number of strands of police activity are being co-ordinated to achieve this for the event under Project Servator, including:

 * highly visible, unpredictable deployments of police officers and other specialist resources, such as police dogs and armed police officers
 * deployment of teams of police officers who are specially-trained in the latest techniques to detect criminals and identify those with criminal intent
 * using an extensive network of CCTV cameras and working with CCTV operators to identify criminal activity and gather evidence
 * developing a network of vigilance amongst staff, businesses and retailers raising awareness of how to report suspicious activity
 * raising awareness of the public’s role in helping us to keep sites and crowded places safe and how to be vigilant for and report suspicious activity

DCC Cain said: “Project Servator tactics are proven to be effective in deterring and detecting criminals across a wide range of criminality, including those conducting ‘hostile reconnaissance’. This is the information gathering stage criminals and terrorists go through to select their target and plan their activity.

“By doing this, we aim to make key sites and crowded places as uncomfortable for them as possible and prevent them from carrying out their reconnaissance, thereby disrupting the planning of their criminal activity.

“We call on people to be vigilant and report anything suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, calling 101 or 999 if an emergency response is required, or calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321.

“Ultimately we, like all the other partners involved, want everyone who comes to experience the Tour de Yorkshire to thoroughly enjoy it in a safe environment.

“You will see us providing a reassuring and visible presence, and we will be keeping a watchful eye over this magnificent event that we are very proud to support.”

**ENDS**

****

Posted on 30 April 2019 at 05:54pm in News stories
