```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-16T12:56:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The three incidents are all believed to have occurred between 11.30pm and 12.30am. A taxi driver was waiting at a red light on Haxby Road when a man jumped into the back of his car and requested a lift. When the driver declined, a weapon, believed to be a firearm or imitation firearm was shown [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following three possible linked incidents in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-three-possible-linked-incidents-york/
title: Appeal for information following three possible linked incidents in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-three-possible-linked-incidents-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is investigating three incidents which occurred in close proximity late on Sunday (14 May) night and Monday (15 May) morning in York which they now believe could be linked.

The three incidents are all believed to have occurred between 11.30pm and 12.30am.

A taxi driver was waiting at a red light on Haxby Road when a man jumped into the back of his car and requested a lift. When the driver declined, a weapon, believed to be a firearm or imitation firearm was shown before the offender demanded money.

The victim continued driving for a short period of time, while sounding the car horn, until he reached Exhibition Square where he left the vehicle and ran down Bootham.

A second incident occurred on Burton Stone Lane a short time later when a man in his early 20s was approached by a man. He was punched in the face causing him to fall to the ground.

The third incident occurred when a man attempted to break-into a house on Thorpe Street. The man was disturbed by the occupants and other residents and quickly left the scene.

The man officers would like to speak to in connection with this incident is described as white with a tanned complexion, with stubble and of slim build. It is believed he is aged in his 20s.

Nothing was taken during either incident.

A number of witnesses have been spoken to about the incidents but officers are keen to speak with anyone else who may have information on either of the offences. If you saw something suspicious in the area around the time the offences took place or if you were driving and may have captured vital evidence on a dash-cam, or own a private CCTV system, then please inform police.

Enquiries, including CCTV and other forensics, are currently being carried out as a matter of urgency.

Anyone who can assist with this investigation is asked to contact officers quoting reference 12170083254.

If you prefer to provide information anonymously the independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 16 May 2017 at 12:56pm in News stories
