```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:40:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-09T15:31:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The assault happened in Lemons takeaway on Keighley Road, Skipton at approximately 2.20am on Monday 2 April 2018 and resulted in a man being injured. The victim, a white man aged in his early twenties, suffered a deep laceration to his lip and a temporary loss of consciousness. He was treated at Airedale Hospital later [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following assault in Skipton takeaway - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-assault-skipton-takeaway/
title: Witness appeal following assault in Skipton takeaway
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-assault-skipton-takeaway/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:40am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Skipton during the early hours of Monday 2 April 2018.

The assault happened in Lemons takeaway on Keighley Road, Skipton at approximately 2.20am on Monday 2 April 2018 and resulted in a man being injured.

The victim, a white man aged in his early twenties, suffered a deep laceration to his lip and a temporary loss of consciousness. He was treated at Airedale Hospital later that day and given stitches to the wound in his lip.

Officers are conducting enquiries to determine the circumstance around the incident and would like to trace a man who was with a woman at the time of the incident, as he may have information which could assist the investigation.

It is believed there were a number of people in Lemons takeaway at the time of the assault and police are appealing to anyone who witnessed anything, or anyone who could identify the man police want to speak to, to come forward and contact them.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask to speak to Michael Haydock. You can also email Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180056169.

Date - 7 April 2018

Contact details:
 Michael Haydock \- #0155
Michael.Haydock@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30155
Incident reference:
 12180056169
Posted on 9 April 2018 at 04:31pm in Local appeals
