```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-29T09:43:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The man is believed to have made sexual comments towards an 18-year-old woman on two occasions, within two days of each other. Between 6.20pm and 6.25pm on Tuesday (26\_September 2017) the woman was standing near the end of York Station by the zebra crossing and taxi office. A man walked across the zebra crossing towards [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Stranger who made sexual comments to an 18-year-old woman in a York street sought by police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stranger-comments/
title: Stranger who made sexual comments to an 18-year-old woman in a York street sought by police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stranger-comments/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police investigating inappropriate behaviour by a man in York are appealing for information from the public.

The man is believed to have made sexual comments towards an 18-year-old woman on two occasions, within two days of each other.

Between 6.20pm and 6.25pm on Tuesday (26 September 2017) the woman was standing near the end of York Station by the zebra crossing and taxi office.

A man walked across the zebra crossing towards her and when he was a couple of metres away he made comments of a sexual nature.

He then walked off towards the station.

Between 6.25pm and 6.30pm the next day, the same woman was standing in the same place when the same man approached from the crossing.

He leaned in to her and made further comments of a sexual nature before walking off.

The man is described as being white, in his late 30s to 50 years old, with brown greying hair.

He has wrinkles on his forehead and nose area, light brown eyebrows and is 5ft 10ins to 5ft 11ins tall.

He is of an average build and spoke with a gruff voice in a local accent.

During the first incident he wore a light grey, plain hoodie with the hood up and black trousers.

During the second incident he wore a black hoodie or sweatshirt and black trousers.e

Police want to speak to anyone who saw the incident, recognises the man from the description or has any other information that could help the investigation.

Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Carol Thompson.

You can also email PC Thompson at Carol.Thompson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12170173667 when sharing information.

Posted on 29 September 2017 at 10:43am in News stories
