```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-08T17:12:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-08T17:05:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police can now confirm that the rider of the motorcycle who was sadly killed in the collision was a 27 year old man. We are not yet in a position to identify him.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update - Fatal collision on A19 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-fatal-collision-a19/
title: Update - Fatal collision on A19
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-fatal-collision-a19/
```

Last modified: 8 December 2017 at 05:12pm

Police can now confirm that the rider of the motorcycle who was sadly killed in the collision was a 27 year old man. We are not yet in a position to identify him.

The 22 year old man who was arrested has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Once again, any witnesses to the collision are urged to contact police to assist the investigation.

*******************************************************************

**Appeal for witnesses following fatal collision on A19**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision on the A19 Easingwold Bypass.

The incident happened shortly after 7.30pm on Thursday 7 December 2017 and involved a black Suzuki Motorcycle and a blue Vauxhall Viva.

Sadly, the rider of the motorcycle was killed in the collision.

The driver of the Vauxhall Viva, a 22 year old man, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and drug driving. He was taken to hospital with minor injuries and he now remains in police custody pending further enquiries.

There were two passengers in the Vauxhall Viva, a 22 year old man who was taken to the LGI by air ambulance with serious but not life threatening injuries, and a 17 year old woman who was taken to York hospital by road ambulance with serious but not life threatening injuries.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Traffic Sergenat Hamish Halloway or email Hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170219180 when passing on any information.

Posted on 8 December 2017 at 05:05pm in News stories
