```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-08-21T11:52:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Michael Snow, aged 73, from Hull, was sentenced to 17 years\u2019 imprisonment at York Crown Court today (Friday 21 August 2020). Jailed: Michael Snow He was also made subject to a sexual harm prevention order and he will remain on the sex offenders\u2019 register for the rest of his life. Snow had previously pleaded guilty [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/Michael-Snow-285x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Hull man who played \u201Csickening\u201D card games with boys jailed for 17 years after admitting non-recent child sex offences - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hull-man-who-played-sickening-card-games-with-boys-jailed-for-17-years-after-admitting-non-recent-child-sex-offences/
title: "Hull man who played \u201Csickening\u201D card games with boys jailed for 17 years after admitting non-recent child sex offences"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hull-man-who-played-sickening-card-games-with-boys-jailed-for-17-years-after-admitting-non-recent-child-sex-offences/
```

Last modified: 21 August 2020 at 12:52pm

North Yorkshire Police has helped to secure justice for two child abuse victims from Humberside who were targeted by the same man 40 years apart.

Michael Snow, aged 73, from Hull, was sentenced to 17 years’ imprisonment at York Crown Court today (Friday 21 August 2020).

**Jailed: Michael Snow**

He was also made subject to a sexual harm prevention order and he will remain on the sex offenders’ register for the rest of his life.

Snow had previously pleaded guilty to a series of sexual abuse against a boy when the victim was aged between 9 and 12.

Covering a period from 2015 to 2017 and carried out in Hull and while on holiday in Filey, North Yorkshire, the offences were:

 * three counts of causing or inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity
 * sexual activity with a child
 * sexual assault on a child aged under 13
 * rape of a child under 13

The offences were committed when Snow had instigated strip card games with the victim.

After Snow was charged on 16 January 2020 – the day after the complaint was first made to North Yorkshire Police and investigated by Scarborough CID – a second victim came forward a few days later to report that Snow had sexually abused him in similar circumstances in Hull during 1977.

With support from Humberside Police, Snow was charged with further offences including indecency with a child, indecent assault and attempted buggery to which he also pleaded guilty.

**Victim personal statement**

**** The boy who was sexually abused between 2015 and 2017 provided a victim personal statement which was read out at court. For legal reasons to protect the victim’s anonymity, the following is an adapted extract:

“My emotions are bad, I am depressed and constantly anxious and I find I get upset all the time and can’t help crying.

“I have been seeing a specialist counsellor to try to address my emotions, anxiety and depression. Some weeks this has been helpful but often I just cannot pay attention. I have so much going on in my mind.

“I have real difficulties in friendships and find it really hard to trust people. I don’t know if I will ever trust people again.

“I take issues out of context and proportion and I believe that people hate me.

“I have been hurt both physically and emotionally and I know the path to recovery will be slow and painful.”

The victim from 1977, who is now aged in his early 50s, told the police that the ordeal of being abused as a child had been hanging over him to the present day.

**North Yorkshire Police statement**

Detective Constable Steve Monty, from Scarborough CID, led the investigation.

He said: “The systematic and calculated way in which Michael Snow targeted his two victims is truly abhorrent. He disguised his abusive intentions towards the youngsters, making it seem like a ‘game’ while playing cards.

“These are the sickening actions of a very dangerous individual who, having committed the offences 40 years apart, has plainly shown that the best place for him to be is in prison. He will also be subjected to robust restrictions and monitoring for the remainder of his life.”

DC Monty added: “As for the two victims who have endured unimaginable pain and anguish caused by Snow, I have nothing but admiration for their courage in coming forward to seek justice and access the professional care and support that is readily available.

“I hope that they can take some comfort knowing that the person who has brought them so much misery for so long, is now facing the harsh consequences of his terrible crimes.

“Our message to other victims of sexual abuse, no matter when it occurred, is that we are here to help you every step of the way. Please don’t suffer in silence.”

**Seeking further support, advice and ways of reporting child abuse:**

**North Yorkshire Police**

**** Call us on **101** if you have been a victim of abuse.

If you are in **immediate danger, always dial 999 for an emergency response**.

**NSPCC Helplines:**

 * Anyone concerned about a child can contact the **NSPCC Helpline** for advice on **0808 800 5000**. Adult victims of non-recent sexual abuse can also get in touch for support.
 * **Childline** is available for young people on **0800 1111** or at **childline.org.uk**

**North Yorkshire Safeguarding Children Partnership - ****www.safeguardingchildren.co.uk**

**City of York Safeguarding Children Partnership (CYSCP) - ****www.saferchildrenyork.org.uk**

**Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC)**

Victims who would prefer not to go direct to the police and are not in immediate danger, can contact Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), on 0330 223 0362, email bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net or go to ******www.bridgehousesarc.org/**

You can also contact the Supporting Victims Unit direct at **www.supportingvictims.org** or call 01609 643100.

Posted on 21 August 2020 at 12:52pm in News stories
