```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-06-29T11:38:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Richard Raynor, 49, of Staithes near Whitby, drove his Audi S3 through a police road block as officers were dealing with an incident in Ryedale. Police stopped him and, following enquiries by officers, he was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive through drugs. He was taken into custody at Scarborough Police Station, but [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Richard-Raynor-311271-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Suspected drug driver given a \u201Cvery significant\u201D fine and banned for more than two years - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drug-test-driver-fined/
title: "Suspected drug driver given a \u201Cvery significant\u201D fine and banned for more than two years"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drug-test-driver-fined/
```

Last modified: 29 June 2018 at 12:38pm

Officers have issued a warning to motorists after a driver was fined almost £3,500 and banned for more than two years for refusing to do a drugs test.

Richard Raynor, 49, of Staithes near Whitby, drove his Audi S3 through a police road block as officers were dealing with an incident in Ryedale.

Police stopped him and, following enquiries by officers, he was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive through drugs.

He was taken into custody at Scarborough Police Station, but he failed to provide a specimen of blood for analysis.

Raynor _(pictured)_ was charged failing to provide a specimen and pleaded guilty to the offence – which happened on 14 June – when he appeared at Scarborough Magistrates Court on Monday.

Magistrates gave Raynor, who works as a builders’ merchant, a 28-month driving ban.

They also fined him £3,455 and ordered him to pay costs and a victim surcharge totaling £255.

Speaking after Raynor was convicted, Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said: “We’re seeing an increase in the number of people who fail to provide a specimen after they’ve been arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving.

“It’s possible that some drivers think that behaving like this will somehow give them a ‘get out of jail free’ card.

“But both the police and the courts take a dim view of people who fail to provide. In this case, magistrates have imposed a very significant fine and a lengthy driving ban, which should serve as a very stark warning to other motorists.

“If you’re arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving, refusing to co-operate only makes things worse in the long run.”

Posted on 29 June 2018 at 12:38pm in News stories
