```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-20T13:47:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&quot;Are you as safe as you think?&quot; That&#039;s the question North Yorkshire&#039;s road safety partnership, 95 Alive, will be asking bikers today, at the launch of the county&#039;s 2015 motorcycle safety campaign.'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 95 Alive launches 2015 motorcycle safety campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/95-alive-launches-2015-motorcycle-safety-campaign/
title: 95 Alive launches 2015 motorcycle safety campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/95-alive-launches-2015-motorcycle-safety-campaign/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

"Are you as safe as you think?" That's the question North Yorkshire's road safety partnership, 95 Alive, will be asking bikers today, at the launch of the county's 2015 motorcycle safety campaign.

According to figures from 95 Alive, whilst the number of deaths and serious injuries involving motorcyclists dropped last year (from 139 in 2013, to 130 in 2014), the overall number of casualties increased (from 338 in 2013, to 352 in 2014).*

Although many bikers believe that car drivers are responsible for most biker injuries, 95 Alive's research shows that in fact motorcyclist error is the main factor in more than 70 percent of accidents on rural roads, rather than other road users or road surface conditions.

Tim Madgwick, Chairman of 95 Alive, and Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, explained:

"No one likes to have their skills challenged, but the fact is that some riders do overrate their abilities on a bike, and the mindset that "nothing will ever happen to me" can, and does, lead to accidents - particularly on bends, when overtaking or when braking. We're encouraging motorcyclists to really question how they ride, and to sign up for post-test training to hone their skills, improve their biking experience, and reduce the risk of rider error on the roads."

The sentiment is echoed by Councillor Tim Swales, Chairman of North Yorkshire County Council, who, as a former speedway rider, is no stranger to motorcycling.

Councillor Swales said:

"As a speedway rider, I had my fair share of broken bones, but racers expect a few injuries in the course of a professional career. No-one goes out on a motorbike for a leisure ride expecting to have an accident, but sadly it can occur, and we want to reduce those casualties as much as possible. North Yorkshire is a fantastic location for motorcyclists, and as a passionate biker myself, I want riders to be able to enjoy our beautiful county safely. So the message we're sending out today is enjoy your biking, but never be complacent. Ride a bike you can handle, be honest about your abilities, and make sure your skills match the way you want to ride. "

For this year's campaign, 95 Alive will be attending major events in the county to provide motorcyclists with information about danger "blackspots" on the county's roads. The materials can also be downloaded from www.roadwise.co.uk/bikers

North Yorkshire Police is also promoting its summer programme of BikeSafe sessions at York and Thirsk. As part of these sessions, bikers take part in an observed ride, where highly-trained police motorcyclists give feedback on the rider's strengths and weaknesses and offer tips to improve biking skills. Sessions can be booked at www.bikesafe.co.uk

Posted on 20 March 2015 at 01:47pm in News stories
