```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:18:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-21T10:17:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about theft of plants and plant pots that occurred in the area of Church View/Linen Way in Brompton, near Northallerton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of plants and plant pots, Brompton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-plants-plant-pots-brompton/
title: Theft of plants and plant pots, Brompton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-plants-plant-pots-brompton/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:18am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about theft of plants and plant pots that occurred in the area of Church View/Linen Way in Brompton, near Northallerton.

It happened in the location of Church View/Linen Way in Brompton, at around 04:25am, on Tuesday 11 August 2015 and involved a number of plants and plant pots that were stolen.

We are appealing for anyone who has any information about the thefts to contact us as well as anyone who has had plant pots stolen over the past few weeks including:

1 x large green plant pot with small shrub, 1 x red/brown coloured plant pot with pink and white flowers, large black plant pot with green stems, 2 x black plant pot with large shrubs, 1 x orange plant pot with large green leafs, 1 x small black plant pot with shrubs, 1 x orange and plastic plant pot with white and pink flowers, 1 x large hexagonal plastic plant pot with large white flowers, 2 x large orange plastic plant pots (both empty), 1 x large plant pot with pink flowers. Also a conifer plant in a square based green and purple pot, 7 plants along with a statue of a man and 2 x house plants in green plant pots.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gavin Dobson. You can also email gavin.dobson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150139333.

A man has been arrested in connection for the thefts and is currently on bail pending further enquiries.

21 August 2015

Posted on 21 August 2015 at 10:17am in News stories
