```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-05-24T17:10:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The cadets, who are aged 14 to 16 and joined Scarborough\u2019s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit back in November, were attested in front of family and friends at their passing out ceremony held at Yorkshire Coast College where they meet once a week during term time to learn about policing and the law and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Scarborough20Cadets20320email.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Proud night for Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadets - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proud-night-scarborough-volunteer-police-cadets/
title: Proud night for Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadets
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proud-night-scarborough-volunteer-police-cadets/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2017 at 05:10pm

20 young people from the Scarborough area were officially sworn in as North Yorkshire Volunteer Police Cadets last night (23 May 2017).

The cadets, who are aged 14 to 16 and joined Scarborough’s first ever Volunteer Police Cadet unit back in November, were attested in front of family and friends at their passing out ceremony held at Yorkshire Coast College where they meet once a week during term time to learn about policing and the law and take part in sports and drill sessions.

As fully-fledged Volunteer Police Cadets, they will now be expected to volunteer an additional three hours per month to policing activities to help their local community, such as supporting crime prevention operations and working at local events.

Volunteer Police Cadet Caitlin Hyem, said: "I am really enjoying cadets so far and proud to be part of the Unit. I’m excited for the future opportunities cadets gives us. Some of my favourite bits so far are the lessons on Crime Scene Investigation and missing people - they were very interesting aspects of policing. I also enjoy learning new skills and I’m looking forward to helping the Community and ultimately a career in policing."

VPC Tommy Brown added:" I’ve really enjoyed cadets, it’s been an exceptional experience so far and I can’t wait to be involved with the community and future events with the cadets and police teams. My best moment so far is going to police HQ and meeting the deputy chief constable, and meeting crime scene investigators. I also enjoy the wide range of activities and tasks we get involved in from drill to first aid, to learning about the history of the police and the Code of Ethics.”

The cadets took their oath in front of Chief Constable Dave Jones and other invited guests including Will Naylor, Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire; Ann Hardy, Principal of Yorkshire Coast College; and Mayor of Scarborough, Councillor Martin Smith.

Chief Constable Jones said: “I’m very proud of our cadets and congratulate them on their attestation. The ceremony is a memorable moment in the history of North Yorkshire Police as the cadets become part of our first ever cadet unit to be based in Scarborough.

“These young people can be very proud of the journey they have undertaken and their achievements so far. They have all successfully completed their introductory training and will continue to learn and develop throughout their time as a cadet. They will also begin to carry out volunteer work within their communities and become ambassadors for both young people and for North Yorkshire Police. I wish them the very best of luck for the future, and look forward to hearing about their work in their local communities.

”My thanks go to our cadet leaders who volunteer their own time to run the unit, as without them, it couldn’t operate. We very much appreciate the sacrifices they make to enable the unit to operate and provide such a great opportunity for young people.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: “I would like to congratulate our new police cadets and welcome them to the volunteer policing family. Here in North Yorkshire, the programme has been set up to encourage a strong sense of good citizenship and community values, and to teach young people important life skills like discipline and responsibility.

“‎I wish all those taking part all the best in their new role, as well as thank them for playing their part in keeping North Yorkshire one of the safest places in England.”

North Yorkshire Police currently has 43 Volunteer Police Cadets based at two units, one in York and one in Scarborough.

For more information about North Yorkshire Police’s Volunteer Police Cadet scheme, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

Hats off to Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadets! Posted on 24 May 2017 at 05:10pm in News stories
