```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-15T14:08:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-15T13:44:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The car driven by Bradley Dunlop, 37, hit a house at such speed that it struck a first-floor window, landed on top of a large porch, and came to rest back on the carriageway. On 29 March 2019, at about 5am, police were called, along with the fire and ambulance services, to a collision on [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/1-150x150.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Driver who crashed car into first floor of house is jailed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-who-crashed-car-into-first-floor-of-house-is-jailed/
title: Driver who crashed car into first floor of house is jailed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-who-crashed-car-into-first-floor-of-house-is-jailed/
```

Last modified: 15 November 2019 at 02:08pm

A man whose shocking driving resulted in life-changing injuries to three passengers has been jailed for more than two years.

The car driven by Bradley Dunlop, 37, hit a house at such speed that it struck a first-floor window, landed on top of a large porch, and came to rest back on the carriageway.

On 29 March 2019, at about 5am, police were called, along with the fire and ambulance services, to a collision on the B1258 near Ebberston, near Pickering, involving a silver Seat Ibiza which had crashed into a house.

Three passengers in the car suffered serious, life-changing injuries. The driver, Dunlop, who resided in Scarborough at the time of the collision, suffered minor injuries. He provided a positive roadside breath test, and a blood sample later showed him to be over the limit for both alcohol and benzoylecgonine, a metabolite of cocaine.

There was extensive damage to the property struck by Dunlop, running to many thousands of pounds.

The passengers in the car all suffered multiple fractures and spent long periods of time in hospital. They are still receiving treatment for their injuries.

An investigation was conducted by TC Mark Patterson from the Roads Policing Group at North Yorkshire Police.

Dunlop pleaded guilty to three counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving whilst over the prescribed limit (alcohol), driving whilst over the specified limit (drugs), no insurance and no licence.

He was sentenced at York Crown Court on Thursday 14 November 2019 to 2 years and 4 months’ imprisonment, and a seven-year driving ban.

TC Patterson said: “Dunlop got behind the wheel of a car without a licence, after drinking and taking drugs. As a result of his unacceptable actions, three people were left with life-changing injuries, and significant damage was caused to a family home. It is right that he has now faced the consequences of those actions in court.”

Posted on 15 November 2019 at 01:44pm in News stories
