```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-03T13:05:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-21T13:45:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Operation Cracker will see Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team officers, police volunteers, and other agencies calling on residents \u2013 young and old \u2013 in areas where there is a high proportion of older people. Partner agencies and organisations supporting the initiative include North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Eastfield Town Council, 95 Alive, NatWest, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/1D3A0671-resize.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Local police on the beat to keep older and vulnerable people safe this Christmas - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-police-on-the-beat-to-keep-older-and-vulnerable-people-safe-this-christmas/
title: Local police on the beat to keep older and vulnerable people safe this Christmas
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-police-on-the-beat-to-keep-older-and-vulnerable-people-safe-this-christmas/
```

Last modified: 3 December 2018 at 01:05pm

Officers and volunteers from North Yorkshire Police will join forces with the Westway Open Arms charity to keep older Eastfield and Filey residents safe this Christmas, as part of an initiative to protect vulnerable people over the festive season.

Operation Cracker will see Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team officers, police volunteers, and other agencies calling on residents – young and old – in areas where there is a high proportion of older people.

Partner agencies and organisations supporting the initiative include North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Eastfield Town Council, 95 Alive, NatWest, Scarborough and Ryedale Carers Resource, the YMCA and Beyond Housing.

Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice, while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an eye out for their older and more vulnerable neighbours.

Inspector Andy Short, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “The festive season can be a difficult time of year for some people, particularly older residents who may have little or no family support. The change of weather can mean those with limited mobility can suffer even more, which can make them even more vulnerable.

“During Operation Cracker we’ll be visiting areas where there is a higher population of older people, and making sure they are equipped with the right support to get them through what, for some, can be a tough time of year.

“We’ll be providing advice such as home security and how to keep your valuables safe when you’re out and about, as well as sign-posting partner agencies and local groups that can provide support if they are spending Christmas alone.

“My thanks go to our volunteers and partner agencies for their support and enthusiasm for this operation. Their assistance means we can visit a lot more people and help make their Christmas a safe and secure one.”

The Reverend Sam Foster, leader of Westway Open Arms, said: “It’s such a privilege to work with North Yorkshire Police and other agencies to reach the elderly, vulnerable individuals and families. Christmas is a great opportunity to work together in our community to give hope, support and to remind people that they’re not forgotten about.”

The Operation Cracker teams will be out and about in the Eastfield area on Tuesday 27 November and 4, 13 and 15 December. All teams will carry ID and will be accompanied by uniformed police officers.

Posted on 21 November 2018 at 01:45pm in News stories
