```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-14T18:15:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T15:39:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 47-year-old Percy Smith, 47-year-old Coralena Smith and 25-year-old Nathaniel Smith all of Ryedale Caravan Site, York have appeared at Bradford Crown Court and been found guilty of conspiracy to supply heroin. Coralena Smith and Percy Smith were also found guilty of being in possession of criminal property. Percy and Coralena were both given a twelve [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/SMITH-Percy-180870-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three members of York family and web of dealers found guilty of conspiracy to supply heroin - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-members-of-york-family-and-web-of-dealers-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-to-supply-heroin/
title: Three members of York family and web of dealers found guilty of conspiracy to supply heroin
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-members-of-york-family-and-web-of-dealers-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-to-supply-heroin/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2018 at 07:15pm

A ‘family enterprise’ to supply heroin to street users in York, via a web of local drug dealers, has been dismantled by North Yorkshire Police’s Organised Crime Unit.

47-year-old Percy Smith, 47-year-old Coralena Smith and 25-year-old Nathaniel Smith all of Ryedale Caravan Site, York have appeared at Bradford Crown Court and been found guilty of conspiracy to supply heroin. Coralena Smith and Percy Smith were also found guilty of being in possession of criminal property.

Percy and Coralena were both given a twelve year prison sentence and Nathaniel was handed a five year prison sentence.

Alongside them 43-year-old Mark Davyd Ella of no fixed address and 36-year-old Hannah Jane Kirby of Hudson House, Toft Green, York were also found guilty of conspiracy to supply heroin. They were both given six year prison sentences.

Another man, 31-year-old James Ian Ramsey of Flaxley Road, Selby pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin and was handed a suspended prison sentence of 16 months, suspended for two years. He was also ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and received a six-month drug referral.

Over a two month period of surveillance, the three members of the Smith family were recorded on multiple occasions, picking up quantities of heroin from two ‘stash’ sites near to their caravan plot at the site on Clifton Moor.

After picking up the package, they were captured returning to their caravan and emerging a short time later, to meet know drug dealers in the city to handover deal sized packages of the class A drug, for onward supply to street users.

The family were also seen by officers, concealing smaller wraps of heroin within the recesses of the plastic handrail on the stairs which led to their caravan.

In the early hours of Tuesday 29 November 2016, two drug warrants were executed simultaneously at the Smith’s caravan and also at a property on Burtree Avenue in Skelton.

The two stash sites near the Smith’s caravan were also searched, with officers recovering a quantity of heroin with a street value of £14,500, which was concealed in a drainpipe near an entrance to the caravan site, off Oakdale Road in York.

A search of the property on Burtree Avenue uncovered a handbag stuffed with £1,500 in cash, over £4,000 in cash stored in a bedside cabinet and six black bags containing £61,000 in cash, found hidden in the divan section of a double bed.

Speaking about the sentences passed today, Detective Inspector Nichola Holden said:

“This was an extensive investigation, involving months of detailed surveillance by the Organised Crime Unit into the movements of these members of the Smith family and the associated dealers and runners who were supplying heroin into the City of York.

“The hours of detailed investigation carried out by numerous officers and the joint working with the City of York Council, to bring the offenders and their associates to justice, demonstrates the sheer determination of North Yorkshire Police and our partners agencies to stamp out drug dealing in the city.

“We will continue to work with our partners and the public to tackle serious and organised crime in our communities.”

Percy Smith Coralena Smith Nathaniel Smith

Mark Ella Hannah Kirby James Ramsey

Posted on 14 May 2018 at 04:39pm in News stories
