```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-15T16:33:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-15T16:31:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police officers travelled to the South Yorkshire area to make the arrests this morning. Between March and November 2020, a number of new housing developments were burgled, with thieves stealing newly-installed boilers as well as machinery and tools. In North Yorkshire alone, about 40 such developments have been targeted in this way, often [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrests as part of major investigation into building site thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-as-part-of-major-investigation-into-building-site-thefts/
title: Five arrests as part of major investigation into building site thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-as-part-of-major-investigation-into-building-site-thefts/
```

Last modified: 15 December 2020 at 04:33pm

Four men and a woman have been arrested in connection with a major police investigation into thefts from building sites.

North Yorkshire Police officers travelled to the South Yorkshire area to make the arrests this morning.

Between March and November 2020, a number of new housing developments were burgled, with thieves stealing newly-installed boilers as well as machinery and tools.

In North Yorkshire alone, about 40 such developments have been targeted in this way, often when they were almost complete and ready for homeowners to move in.

Detective Inspector Chris Stone, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “These incidents clearly involved high-value, organised crime, and had a significant impact on not only businesses within North Yorkshire, but house buyers due to move in to their new properties. Significant resources have been deployed into this investigation, leading to today’s arrests. We are actively pursuing further lines of enquiry, and will continue to robustly investigate these offences.”

This morning, in a series of co-ordinated arrests across the region, four men and a woman were arrested in connection with the ongoing investigation. Two vehicles were seized, and suspected stolen property was recovered.

A man in his 40s from the Doncaster area and three men in their 30s from the Barnsley area were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglary and transferring criminal property. A woman in her 20s from the Barnsley area was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglary.

All remain in custody at this time, while enquiries continue.

Posted on 15 December 2020 at 04:31pm in News stories
