```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-11T17:32:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-11T17:07:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Ethan Jaake Bodally, 22, of Stanks Drive was jailed for two years and ordered to forfeit a mobile phone and drugs paraphernalia. His co-accused, Ben Anthony Bland, 21, of Poole Crescent, was given a two-year jail term suspended for two years and ordered to carry out unpaid work. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/Ethan-Jaake-Bodally-03081998.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Leeds drug dealers sentenced thanks to Harrogate proactive policing team - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/leeds-drug-dealers-sentenced-thanks-to-harrogate-proactive-policing-team/
title: Leeds drug dealers sentenced thanks to Harrogate proactive policing team
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/leeds-drug-dealers-sentenced-thanks-to-harrogate-proactive-policing-team/
```

Last modified: 11 December 2020 at 05:32pm

Two Leeds drug dealers who tried to hide their stash of heroin and crack cocaine in Harrogate have been sentenced.

Ethan Jaake Bodally, 22, of Stanks Drive was jailed for two years and ordered to forfeit a mobile phone and drugs paraphernalia.

His co-accused, Ben Anthony Bland, 21, of Poole Crescent, was given a two-year jail term suspended for two years and ordered to carry out unpaid work.

Ethan Jaake Bodally Ben Anthony Bland

The pair were arrested on 7 January 2019 after plain clothed officers from North Yorkshire Police’s dedicated county lines team, Operation Expedite, were patrolling in Harrogate and saw them acting suspiciously in the area of Royal Parade.

After being approached by the officers, Bland ran off but Bodally remained where he admitted to using a small amount of cannabis that officers found in his possession. He also claimed to be visiting Harrogate to return a mobile phone to a relative.

Bland was arrested a short time later.

While the pair were being transported to police custody, officers received a call that a member of the public had seen someone matching Bland’s description dump something in a hedge.

Officers retrieved the item that turned out to be a bag containing 102 wraps of crack cocaine and 44 wraps of heroin.

Both men went on to be charged with possessing heroin and crack cocaine with intent to supply. They pleaded guilty to the charges at York Crown Court earlier this year.

Detective Sergeant Marcus Dawson, of North Yorkshire Police’s Operation Expedite Team, said: “Just because you can’t see us, it doesn’t mean we’re not out there taking drug dealers off the streets.

“I hope local people are reassured that we continue to make drug dealing a priority and target the dealers who cross borders to make life a misery for local people.

“Please remember that your information is vital, as we have seen in this case, a call about the dumping of a package was instrumental in taking a large amount of drugs out of circulation.

“No matter how insignificant you think the information is, please call us. And if you don’t want to speak to us, you can pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers.”

**County lines**

“County lines” is the term given to a form of organised crime in which drug dealers, usually from urban areas, such as West Yorkshire or Manchester, target smaller towns and cities. It takes its name from the mobile phone lines used by dealers to advertise drugs for sale. Violence and intimidation is prevalent within county lines. Due to the exploitation of vulnerable people associated with it, it is a key, operational priority for North Yorkshire Police.

A major concern for North Yorkshire Police is a practice known as cuckooing, which is where drug dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person and use it to store and sell drugs. They often use violence and intimidation to achieve this.

Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of cuckooing in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have.

Signs “cuckooing” to look out for include:

 * Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Please also look out for the signs that a young person you know might be exploited by drug dealers:

 * Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area;
• Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
• Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
• Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
• Leaving home / care without explanation
• Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
• Carrying weapons
• Significant decline in school results / performance
• Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
• Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being
Call the police on 101 or visit our website for partner agencies who can offer help and support Young people and drugs - where to get help - North Yorkshire Police | North Yorkshire Police

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is being involved in drug dealing.

Posted on 11 December 2020 at 05:07pm in News stories
