```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-21T09:45:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-21T09:44:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In the busiest 48 hours of the operation so far this year, officers made four arrests alone between the hours of 1am and 2am on Saturday morning (17 June 2017.) Of the 14 arrests made in the 48 hour period, five drivers were found to be in excess of double the legal limit (35ug per [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Busy weekend for Operation Attention as 14 arrested for drink and drug driving - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/busy-weekend-operation-attention-14-arrested-drink-drug-driving/
title: Busy weekend for Operation Attention as 14 arrested for drink and drug driving
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/busy-weekend-operation-attention-14-arrested-drink-drug-driving/
```

Last modified: 21 June 2017 at 10:45am

The sunny weekend proved to be a busy one for North Yorkshire Police's Operation Attention, as officers made a total of 14 arrests for drink and drug driving in just one weekend. (Sat 17 to Sun 18 June 2017)

In the busiest 48 hours of the operation so far this year, officers made four arrests alone between the hours of 1am and 2am on Saturday morning (17 June 2017.)

Of the 14 arrests made in the 48 hour period, five drivers were found to be in excess of double the legal limit (35ug per 100ml of breath.)

Those arrested in the first days of the campaign are now starting to be seen at court.

46-year-old Carla Smith of Ferguson Road, Walkington appeared in front of York Magistrates on Monday 19 June 2017 and pleaded guilty to drink driving. She was handed a 12 week prison sentence, suspended for one year and banned from the roads for 33 months. She was also ordered to pay £200 in associated fines.

On Sunday 4 June 2017 at around 8.20pm, Smith was stopped in Haxby by an officer, due to her manner of driving along a section of the A1237 York ring road.

After failing a roadside breath test, Smith was taken to York police station, where she provided a reading of 133ug per 100ml of breath, which is just under four times the legal limit.

Speaking about the case and the ongoing operation, Sgt Andy Morton from the Roads Policing Group said:

“This sentence sends a clear signal that if people choose to break the law and drive under the influence of drink or drugs, officers are out on the roads and will catch you. Be assured, when we do, you will face a hefty fine, lengthy ban and the possibility of a prison sentence.”

“We continue to appeal to members of the public that if they know of someone driving under the influence of drink or drugs, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or if its happening at the time call 999.”

Posted on 21 June 2017 at 10:44am in News stories
