```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-01-25T12:09:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 11.30pm on Tuesday 22 January 2019, volunteer members of a police Mobile Rural Watch scheme, based at Eggborough Police Station, came across a suspicious car parked close to a farm in the Fairburn area. The car had been left unattended by a gate leading to an open field, and a chain nearby appeared [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sharp-eyed volunteers and determined local policing response snare Selby burglary suspects - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sharp-eyed-volunteers-and-determined-local-policing-response-snare-selby-burglary-suspects/
title: Sharp-eyed volunteers and determined local policing response snare Selby burglary suspects
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sharp-eyed-volunteers-and-determined-local-policing-response-snare-selby-burglary-suspects/
```

Last modified: 25 January 2019 at 12:09pm

Three men were arrested after residents' vigilance and local officers' persistence paid off in Fairburn, Selby.

At about 11.30pm on Tuesday 22 January 2019, volunteer members of a police Mobile Rural Watch scheme, based at Eggborough Police Station, came across a suspicious car parked close to a farm in the Fairburn area.

The car had been left unattended by a gate leading to an open field, and a chain nearby appeared to have been recently cut. Police officers carried out a search of the area, and checked local outbuildings for any issues. No suspects were located, but officers decided to remain nearby, and at 2.15am the same car was sighted driving in the area with another vehicle.

Both vehicles were stopped by police and the occupants spoken to, and items including bolt croppers were found inside one of them.

Three men, aged 18, 19 and 21, and from the West and South Yorkshire areas, were arrested on suspicion of going equipped for theft and attempted burglary.

They have been released under investigation while enquiries into their activities that night continue.

Mobile Rural Watch volunteers work closely with North Yorkshire Police's Neighbourhood Policing Teams, and its Rural Taskforce, acting as the 'eyes and ears' of officers in remote rural communities. To find out more about Rural Watch schemes in North Yorkshire, dial 101 and speak to your local Neighbourhood Policing Team.

Following the arrests, increased police patrols have been carried out in the area by Selby Neighbourhood Policing Team, and local residents provided with crime prevention advice.

Posted on 25 January 2019 at 12:09pm in News stories
