```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-21T16:00:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-21T15:59:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "21 year-old Georgia Porter was travelling along the A165 near Filey on 29 August 2020, when she was involved in a serious collision. The incident happened around 4.35pm on Saturday 29 August at the junction with the A1039 King Hill near Muston, Filey and involved a collision between a blue Volkswagen Beetle and Georgia\u2019s dark-coloured [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Georgia-Porter-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further appeal for information after woman who died in A165 collision named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-moped-rider-suffers-serious-injuries-near-filey/
title: Further appeal for information after woman who died in A165 collision named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-moped-rider-suffers-serious-injuries-near-filey/
```

Last modified: 21 October 2020 at 05:00pm

Georgia Porter

21 year-old Georgia Porter was travelling along the A165 near Filey on 29 August 2020, when she was involved in a serious collision.

The incident happened around 4.35pm on Saturday 29 August at the junction with the A1039 King Hill near Muston, Filey and involved a collision between a blue Volkswagen Beetle and Georgia’s dark-coloured Sym Chacha moped.

Georgia was airlifted to hospital but sadly died on 12 October 2020 as a result of her injuries.

The woman driver of the Beetle was uninjured.

Officers are issuing a further appeal for anyone who saw either of the two vehicles prior to the collision or who witnessed the incident, including anyone who has dash-cam footage before or during the collision.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 12200151082 or email Nicola.gill@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Original appeal issued 30 August 2020:**

It happened at around 4.40pm on Saturday 29 August at the junction with the A165, Moor Road and the A1039 King Hill, near Muston.

It involved a blue Volkswagen Beetle and dark colour moped. The 21-year-old woman rider of the moped was air-lifted to hospital with serious injuries where she remains in a critical but stable condition.

The woman driver of the Beetle was uninjured and has been interviewed by officers.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw either of the two vehicles prior to the collision or who witnessed the crash, to contact with the, including anyone who has any dash-cam footage before or during the collision.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 12200151082 or email Daniel.Hughes@northyorkshire.police.pnn.uk

The road was closed to allow the emergency services to attend to the casualty and to allow investigators to examine the scene of the collision. It reopened at midnight.

Posted on 21 October 2020 at 04:59pm in News stories
