```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T14:23:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-02T14:21:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In high-profile operation over the next few days, officers will be targeting cyclists in York who cause a danger to themselves by cycling without lights during hours of darkness.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Joint operation sees cycle safety campaign step up a gear this week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-operation-sees-cycle-safety-campaign-step-gear-week/
title: Joint operation sees cycle safety campaign step up a gear this week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/joint-operation-sees-cycle-safety-campaign-step-gear-week/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 02:23pm

In high-profile operation over the next few days, officers will be targeting cyclists in York who cause a danger to themselves by cycling without lights during hours of darkness.

There are many who continue to break the law and this initiative is designed to highlight the real danger these people cause to themselves and others by not displaying lights on their bikes in the dark.

The initiative will see Police Officers issuing tickets for cycling offences and offering advice and education on the dangers of cycling without lights. City of York Council have funded a limited amount of high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights, to support the campaign. These will be given to children and other vulnerable people as part of this education programme which makes up part of this initiative.

The latest phase of the operation follows the launch of the campaign with a 'night of action' in October last year, which saw 36 Traffic Offence Reports issued to cyclists without lights on in just a few hours.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "This proactive operation has been really well received by cyclists, pedestrians and motorists. Thanks to our joint work with City of York Council, we are highlighting the issues on the ground by using the full range of fines and education available to us."

"The campaign is ongoing, so I would urge cyclists to check now that they have lights and they are in good working order, to ensure they are safe and avoid the risk of being stopped by police. Please also visit the cycle safety pages of the North Yorkshire Police website for more safety advice."

Cllr Ian Gillies, Executive Member for Transport and Planning, said: "It is important that we continue to educate and inform cyclists alongside the Police to ensure that they are suitably visible, both for their own safety and others. This joint initiative is running for its second year and is a real positive move to educate cyclists. I urge all those who do cycle to forward plan and ensure they have working lights that they check regularly and bright clothing. Failure to do so could result in a fine from the Police or them putting their own lives at risk."

**2 February 2016**

Posted on 2 February 2016 at 02:21pm in News stories
