```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-14T12:16:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T12:08:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "How do we know they&#8217;re myths? Because we\_deal with the consequences of excessive speed close up and first hand. We have to gather body parts at the scene of fatal collisions. We have to help extract people from the wreckage. We have to meticulously investigate fatal and serious-injury collisions to find out why they happened. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/DSC_4054-SMALL-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five myths we often hear about speeding... and the facts that might make you think twice - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-myths-about-speeding/
title: "Five myths we often hear about speeding\u2026 and the facts that might make you think twice"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-myths-about-speeding/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2018 at 01:16pm

We've heard every myth going when it comes to speeding.

How do we know they're myths? Because we deal with the consequences of excessive speed close up and first hand.

We have to gather body parts at the scene of fatal collisions. We have to help extract people from the wreckage.

We have to meticulously investigate fatal and serious-injury collisions to find out why they happened. And we have to knock on doors and deliver catastrophic news to families.

So we're sharing five of the most common myths we hear about speed - and the facts that might just make you think twice - in a bid to keep you safer on our roads.

**MYTH 1
Speed ****doesn’t kill people, bad** **driving** **does.**

FACT 1
Many factors contribute to the collisions we investigate. Speed is one of them. Higher speed is directly linked to the chance of fatalities. If you’re going more slowly there’s more margin for error and more chance you’ll survive.

**MYTH 2**
**Speeding isn 't a "real" crime.**

FACT 2
Try telling that to families of people killed on our roads. We support them after their lives have been shattered by speed-related collisions. They think speeding is a real crime, and so do we.

**MYTH 3**
**Going a few miles per hour over the speed limit doesn’t really matter.**

FACT 3
If you hit a pedestrian at 35 mph, you’re twice as likely to kill them as at 30mph. That’s a massive difference to cut seconds off your journey. (Source: Kill Your Speed campaign)

**MYTH 4**
**If I’m caught speeding I can always just take a speed awareness course to keep my licence clean.
**

FACT 4
Speed awareness courses are offered to some motorists as an alternative to points. Feedback shows they do change attitudes towards speed. However, not everyone is eligible. Click here to learn more.

**MTYH 5**
**The police only target speeding drivers because they’re a “cash cow”.**

FACT 5
We target speeding drivers because we have to gather body parts from the carriageway at fatal crashes and break life-changing news to families. You’ll never have to experience those things. But we do. We target speeding drivers because we know the next casualty could be you – even if you don’t want to believe it.

Roads Policing Inspector Dave Barf says: "Throughout 2018, we’re going to share more of our experiences with you during our campaign, ' _If you saw what I saw… '_ in a bid to reduce your chances of being hurt – or worse – on North Yorkshire’s roads.

"But for now, if I had one chance to persuade you to stick to the speed limit, I’d simply say this: If you saw what I saw, you would never speed.

"You’d give yourself a chance to stop. You only get one life. We want to make sure it doesn’t end on our county’s roads."

Posted on 14 May 2018 at 01:08pm in News stories
