```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:25:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-19T10:23:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a collision involving a refuse collection wagon and a car in the Harrogate area, the driver of the car, a 70-year-old man from Otley, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witnesses sought following fatal collision near Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-following-fatal-collision-near-harrogate/
title: Witnesses sought following fatal collision near Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witnesses-sought-following-fatal-collision-near-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:25am

Police are appealing for witnesses following a collision involving a refuse collection wagon and a car in the Harrogate area, the driver of the car, a 70-year-old man from Otley, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

UPDATE 5.30pm 19 April 2016

The driver of the blue Mini has now made contact with the police.

Officers remain at the scene of the collision.

**************************************************

Police are appealing for witnesses to the collision and in particular want to speak to a man driving a blue Mini who was travelling north, in the direction of Pateley Bridge, who stopped to help at the scene of the crash but left before the police arrived.

The collision was reported at 8.55am on Tuesday 19 April 2016, and happened approximately two miles north of the Stonehouse Inn on the road between Blubberhouses and Greenhow Hill, north of Thruscross reservoir.

It involved the wagon which was travelling south from the direction of Pateley Bridge, towards the Stonehouse Inn, and a Skoda Fabia travelling in the opposite direction.

The driver of the wagon, a man in his 20s, was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary with a serious arm injury and the passenger in the wagon, another man aged in his 20s, was airlifted to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough with a serious shoulder injury.

The driver of the blue Mini and any other witnesses to the collision are asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Dave Seavers of the Major Collision Investigation Team. Or email dave.seavers@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

19 April 2016

Posted on 19 May 2016 at 10:23am in News stories
