```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-25T10:13:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Hambleton and Richmondshire Community Safety Partnership has launched a new initiative to improve road safety around local schools.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New school road safety scheme launched in Hambleton and Richmondshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-school-road-safety-scheme-launched-in-hambleton-and-richmondshire/
title: New school road safety scheme launched in Hambleton and Richmondshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-school-road-safety-scheme-launched-in-hambleton-and-richmondshire/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Hambleton and Richmondshire Community Safety Partnership has launched a new initiative to improve road safety around local schools.

The scheme was set up in response to concerns about irresponsible parking near school gates and entrances, and also aims to create a safer and cleaner environment and bring health benefits for parents and pupils.

Irresponsible parking by a minority of parents poses a safety risk to pupils and parents that walk and cycle to school, as well as to other road users and local home owners.

Although some parents believe that by driving their children to school they are keeping them safe, each individual journey means an increase in traffic and congestion, particularly at the school gate.

Walking can improve overall fitness levels in children and adults. It is a cheap low impact way to exercise and can have positive health benefits. Walking to school also helps with concentration levels in the classroom.

PCSO Georgina Lodge, of Stokesley police, said: "We realise that there are some parents and carers who have no alternative but to drive their children to school, however, many are driving short distances when walking is a real option.

"Even those who have to drive to school can do their bit by starting their journey 5 minutes earlier, parking away from the school and walking for part of the journey."

Kevin Pratt, Road Safety Officer for North Yorkshire County Council, added: "Many children now miss out on the opportunity to develop vital road safety skills with their parents on the way to school.

"They don't get the chance to build up confidence and learn the ability to manage risk walking around their local community."

The initiative includes school lesson plan ideas, outdoor banners, a safer parking leaflet and a parent's parking charter. The package is available to any school that has identified school gate parking as an issue.

Further information is available from local Safer Neighbourhood Policing Teams.

Posted on 25 March 2015 at 10:13am in News stories
