```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:55:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-31T20:54:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for a tractor driver and other witnesses to come forward after a woman motorcyclist suffered serious injuries in a collision near the village of Sutton under Whitestonecliffe near Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorcyclist seriously injured near Sutton Bank - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-seriously-injured-near-sutton-bank/
title: Appeal after motorcyclist seriously injured near Sutton Bank
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-seriously-injured-near-sutton-bank/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:55pm

Police are appealing for a tractor driver and other witnesses to come forward after a woman motorcyclist suffered serious injuries in a collision near the village of Sutton under Whitestonecliffe near Thirsk.

It happened at around 3.20pm on Thursday 27 August 2015 on the A170 between Sutton Bank and the village of Sutton under Whitestonecliffe, near the turn off to High Cleaves Farm.

The collision involved an Aprilia motorcycle being ridden by the injured woman, who is aged in her fifties and from Eaglescliffe, and a blue Volkswagen Passat being driven by a woman in her forties from Calgary in Canada.

The motorcycle rider was airlifted to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where she remains in a critical but stable condition.

Officers are appealing to anyone who was using the road at the time of the collision contact them. In particular the driver of a tractor who was believed to be at the scene at the time and may be able to assist with the investigation.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Major Collision Investigation Team or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The driver of the Passat has been arrested and charged with driving without due care and attention. She is due to appear at Northallerton Magistrates' Court on 4 September 2015.

31 August 2015

Posted on 31 August 2015 at 08:54pm in News stories
