```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-13T11:02:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-13T11:01:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Footage released today shows the shocking moment a car veered into the opposite carriageway of the A59 in North Yorkshire &#8211; resulting in life-changing injuries to a woman in an oncoming vehicle. North Yorkshire Police attended the collision, on the A59 between York and Harrogate, on 20 February 2019. A Vauxhall Astra was being driven [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dashcam footage reveals shocking impact of tired driving - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dashcam-footage-reveals-shocking-impact-of-tired-driving/
title: Dashcam footage reveals shocking impact of tired driving
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dashcam-footage-reveals-shocking-impact-of-tired-driving/
```

Last modified: 13 March 2020 at 11:02am

Police officers have warned motorists about the dangers of driving while tired - by highlighting the devastating consequences.

Footage released today shows the shocking moment a car veered into the opposite carriageway of the A59 in North Yorkshire - resulting in life-changing injuries to a woman in an oncoming vehicle.

North Yorkshire Police attended the collision, on the A59 between York and Harrogate, on 20 February 2019.

A Vauxhall Astra was being driven by a 70-year-old man when it veered into the opposite carriageway and collided head-on with a Nissan Note. A woman in her 70s who was trapped inside the Nissan suffered life-changing injuries. Her husband, who was driving, was also seriously injured.

The collision was captured on dashcam by a following vehicle.

https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/03/A59-collision-short.mp4

The 70-year-old driver of the Astra told police he had fallen asleep at the wheel. He said that about ten minutes before the accident he found himself falling asleep, but 'slapped' himself awake and continued driving as he wasn’t far from home.

Following an investigation by North Yorkshire Police, he was charged with, and pleaded guilty to, causing serious injury by dangerous driving. York Crown Court heard he was extremely remorseful. On 9 December 2019, he was given a two-year community order with 40 hours' unpaid work, and was banned from driving for two years.

According to national Government statistics, up to one fifth of accidents on major roads may be sleep-related.

Traffic Constable Joe Schramm, of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, investigated the A59 collision. Today, he warned all motorists about the serious risks of driver fatigue.

TC Schramm said: "Crashes involving tired drivers are often at high-speed, because the driver was asleep and did not brake at all, and so they can result in devastating injuries.

"Even if you don't fall asleep, driving while tired impairs your judgement, co-ordination and reaction time - so you may brake late or miss a hazard altogether. Driving tired is just not worth the risk.

"All drivers who fall asleep at the wheel have a degree of warning, so there is simply no excuse. Please remember, at the first sign of tiredness, stop in a safe place, and take a break."

Drivers should make sure they have plenty of rest before setting off. Once on the road, stopping for a 15-minute nap in a safe place is more effective at reducing fatigue than getting out and stretching your legs.

Modern lifestyles such as early morning starts, shift work and late night socialising, often lead to excessive tiredness. Natural tiredness may also occur after eating a large meal, and changes in body rhythm produce an increased tendency to sleep from midnight to 6am, and from 2pm to 4pm.

Prescribed or over-the-counter medication can cause sleepiness as a side effect. Always check the label, if you intend to drive.

Posted on 13 March 2020 at 11:01am in News stories
