```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-30T19:11:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers investigating the unexplained death of a man, are appealing for information to help determine his identity.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Unexplained death in Selby - man&#039;s identity confirmed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unexplained-death-in-selby/
title: Unexplained death in Selby - man's identity confirmed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unexplained-death-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

The identity of the man, whose body was found on Sunday 29 July 2018 in a field near Mill Field Farm in Selby, has now been confirmed.

He was 51-year-old Christopher Sowden.

Officers do not believe there are any suspicious circumstances around Mr Sowden’s death and would like to thank the members of the public who responded to the appeal.

**Original appeal**

**Appeal following unexplained death in Selby.**

Officers investigating the unexplained death of a man, are appealing for information to help determine his identity.

The man’s body was discovered at 2.45pm on Sunday 29 July 2018, in a ditch next to a field near Mill Field Farm, Hull Road, Osgodby, Selby.

The man had two distinctive tattoos - one on his lower right arm, which is a Yorkshire rose with pink and green, with the name Andrew in a banner at the top and Kelly in a banner at the bottom at the bottom.

The other tattoo is on his upper right arm which is two red hearts and two flowers with the names Sarah, Beccy and Sammy in a banner which wraps around the hearts and flowers.

A man of a similar description to that of who we are trying to identify was seen on the same farmland at around 7am on 13 July 2018.

Anyone who thinks they might have seen this man, or anyone who thinks they know his identity, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Dial 101, press 1 and pass information onto the Force Control Room, quoting reference number 12180139017.

Posted on 30 July 2018 at 08:11pm in News stories
