```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:37:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-20T20:36:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Another 12 Special Constables have been welcomed to North Yorkshire Police bringing the total number of new specials this year to 59.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Special boost for policing in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-boost-policing-north-yorkshire/
title: Special boost for policing in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-boost-policing-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:37pm

Another 12 Special Constables have been welcomed to North Yorkshire Police bringing the total number of new specials this year to 59.

The volunteer police officers were attested in front of family and friends at Northallerton Magistrates' Court on Wednesday evening (19 August 2015) by chair of the bench, Mr John Seymour.

The attestation - which is when the officers are sworn in and given their warrant cards - followed their intensive, initial training period of three months.

They will now be assigned a tutor constable on their neighbourhood beats who will guide them through the next phase of their training, which can take up to two years.

Chief Officer for Citizens in Policing, Mike Maiden, who is also a volunteer, welcomed the Specials Constables to North Yorkshire Police, he said: "The officers have undertaken a very intensive training programme and have now realised their aspiration of holding the office of Special Constable.

"I would like to congratulate them on reaching this important milestone in their career and thank them for giving up their own time, and for choosing to join North Yorkshire Police. They are now a very welcome part of the policing family and can look forward to a very rewarding and worthwhile career."

Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, added: "Specials play an important part in the policing of North Yorkshire. To see volunteers as dedicated and professional as Special Constables working hard to make our communities a safer place is always inspiring, and I wish our new Specials the best of luck in their careers."

Special Constables, or "specials" as they are also known, are volunteer officers who give up their own time to support their regular colleagues.

They play a key role in local policing and have the same powers in law as regular police officers, including the power of arrest. However, the role of specials can also extend into more complex areas of policing.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer a minimum of four hours a week to their local police force, forming a vital link between the regular (full-time) police and the local community.

20 August 2015

Posted on 20 August 2015 at 08:36pm in News stories
