```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-27T15:16:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-27T13:37:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The first incident happened at Yates&#8217;s on Church Lane at around 4pm. It is also believed that the same individuals were then involved in a second assault incident in an area described as the &#8220;water front&#8221;\_ at around 8pm. Both assaults involved a man and a woman. The man is aged in his mid-40s and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following two assaults involving man and woman in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-at-york-bar-2/
title: Appeal following two assaults involving man and woman in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-at-york-bar-2/
```

Last modified: 27 August 2020 at 04:16pm

Police in York are appealing for witnesses and information about two assaults that occurred on Saturday 22 August 2020.

The first incident happened at Yates's on Church Lane at around 4pm.

It is also believed that the same individuals were then involved in a second assault incident in an area described as the "water front" at around 8pm.

Both assaults involved a man and a woman.

The man is aged in his mid-40s and described as a white with short brown/greying hair and blue eyes, around 5ft 4in tall and he was wearing an iced blue Lyle and Scott t-shirt, dark denim jeans, a light brown rain jacket and dark green Adidas trainers.

The woman, aged in her late 50s, is described as a white, slim build with straight brown hair which has blonde highlights. She was wearing light blue jeans, a light blue Ralph Lauren polo top and white trainers.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from two women who encountered the couple arguing at around 8pm near the water front..

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rachel Simpson. You can also email 000863@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200146943.

Contact details:
 Rachel Simpson \- #000863
000863@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 ect 30863
Incident reference:
 12200146943
Posted on 27 August 2020 at 02:37pm in Local appeals
