```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-05T13:06:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A man has been fined \xA3150 after being spotted hare coursing by vigilant North Yorkshire residents."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Wildlife criminal snared thanks to residents&#039; vigilance - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/wildlife-criminal-snared-thanks-to-residents-vigilance/
title: Wildlife criminal snared thanks to residents' vigilance
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/wildlife-criminal-snared-thanks-to-residents-vigilance/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

A man has been fined £150 after being spotted hare coursing by vigilant North Yorkshire residents.

Andrew Boswell, 30, of Borland Avenue, Carlisle, travelled to farmland at High Grange, Melsonby, on 30 September last year. While he was there, two quick-thinking witnesses saw a hare being coursed by dogs, and, crucially, noted the details of Boswell's van before he left the area.

Using those details, officers were able to trace the vehicle, and track down Boswell. He admitted the offence - hunting a wild mammal with a dog - at Northallerton Magistrates Court last Friday (30 January). He was fined £150, and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharge of £20.

PC John Wilbor, Wildlife Crime Officer for the Richmond Rural area, said: "This is a good result, particularly considering that the offender had left the area. This prosecution sends a strong message that North Yorkshire Police will pursue criminals who travel to our area to commit rural crime."

PC Wilbor was named Wildlife Enforcer of the Year by the WWF in 2013. At the time, Heather Sohl, chief advisor on species at WWF UK, said: "WWF is hugely grateful to enforcement officers who dedicate so much time and energy to combating wildlife crime. John's community engagement work is truly impressive and I hope others are inspired to tackle wildlife crime in the same way. We need officers like John to galvanise community support in the fight against wildlife crime."

Residents in rural areas are invited to join a Watch scheme to help us in the fight against countryside crime. For more information, call 101, select option 2, and ask for your local police station.

Posted on 5 February 2015 at 01:06pm in News stories
