```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:45:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-28T15:21:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Throughout winter, the force will share advice about how residents can keep their home and property safe with advice about: Home and garden security Vehicle security Car key burglaries Distraction burglaries and bogus officials FAQs Property marking It will also continue to use the power of social media to request the public\u2019s help to appeal [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/EB27836D-C29E-4ABA-8C24-57EDFE4A1DEE.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u2018What does a burglar see when they look at your home?\u2019 - North Yorkshire Police launch winter burglary campaign - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/what-does-a-burglar-see-when-they-look-at-your-home-north-yorkshire-police-launch-winter-burglary-campaign/
title: "\u2018What does a burglar see when they look at your home?\u2019 - North Yorkshire Police launch winter burglary campaign"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/what-does-a-burglar-see-when-they-look-at-your-home-north-yorkshire-police-launch-winter-burglary-campaign/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:45pm

North Yorkshire Police has launched its winter burglary prevention and awareness campaign asking people across North Yorkshire to think about their home security through the eyes of a burglar and share safety tips with friends, family and community groups.

Throughout winter, the force will share advice about how residents can keep their home and property safe with advice about:

 * Home and garden security
 * Vehicle security
 * Car key burglaries
 * Distraction burglaries and bogus officials
 * FAQs
 * Property marking

It will also continue to use the power of social media to request the public’s help to appeal for information regarding burglaries in the county and keep members of public up-to-date on investigations, charges and convictions.

Commenting on the campaign Chief Constable Lisa Winward of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Burglary is a callous crime that can have a devastating and long-lasting effect on its victims. Thankfully, North Yorkshire remains one of the safest places in the country and one of the least likely areas to be a victim of burglary but we can never be complacent _._

“It can take just a few seconds for a burglar to break into your home but you can reduce the risk of becoming a victim by looking at your home security through the eyes of a burglar. What does a burglar see when they look at your home? How would you break in if you didn’t have a key? You may be surprised at how easy it would be.

“Just one simple action such as locking your door, changing the bulb on the security light or leaving a light on to make it look like you are home could make the difference between your home being broken into or not.

“We’ll be working hard across the winter to prevent crime and bring offenders to justice but none of this is achieved without the public’s help. We’re asking everyone in our community to check their home security, look out for neighbours and report any suspicious activity in their area, and make sure that their loved one’s homes are secure, especially if they are vulnerable.

“Working together we can make our county a hard target for burglars.”

Of the 43 UK police forces in the country, North Yorkshire is rated as 9th highest in the national league table as one of the least likely places to live and be burgled.

One of the force’s Burglary Coordinators, former Inspector turned Investigator Dave Pegg who has over 30 years’ experience tracking down burglars, said the best thing homeowners can do to protect their belongings is to discourage entry in the first place:

“Unfortunately, we see all too often the distressing impact being burgled can have on its victims but with some forethought into the kind of things burglars look for when breaking in to a house you can help to prevent your home from becoming a target.

“Homes with no security measures in place are much more likely to be burgled than those with simple security measures. Good window locks, strong deadlocks and making your property look like someone is home can make a big difference.

Investigator Pegg continues: “Many people think the police just aren’t bothered about burglary but that is not the case. In just two years, officers have seen 35 burglars convicted to a total of 106 years and 9 months imprisonment with a further 13 pending trial or sentence - that's just in the York and Selby districts.

“We are absolutely committed to investigating burglaries in North Yorkshire and arresting and charging those responsible - it is very satisfying to put these criminals behind bars where they belong.”

Julia Mulligan, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, is also supporting the campaign and is encouraging people to share the messages and pass on advice to friends and families. She said: “People have been raising their concerns about burglary with me for some time now, so I am very pleased to see North Yorkshire Police respond.

“Indeed, the force has been making improvements for some time now, with the introduction of dedicated burglary coordinators, and now this campaign which clearly demonstrates that action is well underway. I am also pleased to see the emphasis on preventing the offence in the first place, as well as supporting people who are targeted. The police do though need people’s help, so I very much encourage everyone to take up their advice and get involved via social media and other means.”

Members of public are being asked to support the campaign by sharing the force’s security advice on local community Facebook groups or on their own personal social media channels.

Posted on 28 October 2019 at 03:21pm in Burglary, News stories
