```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-02T21:22:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A\_dark coloured BMW\_collided with a stationary taxi and a man in his 60s who was\_stood near to the taxi bay. The\_man\_sustained serious head and facial injuries and was taken to\_Harrogate District Hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition. The BMW driver failed to stop at the scene of the collision, and at [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Pedestrian injured in Ripon collision - vehicle and driver traced - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-injured-ripon-collision-vehicle-driver-traced/
title: Pedestrian injured in Ripon collision - vehicle and driver traced
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-injured-ripon-collision-vehicle-driver-traced/
```

Last modified: 2 April 2018 at 10:22pm

Police investigating a collision in Ripon in which a pedestrian suffered serious head injuries have now traced the vehicle and driver believed to be involved.

A dark coloured BMW collided with a stationary taxi and a man in his 60s who was stood near to the taxi bay. The man sustained serious head and facial injuries and was taken to Harrogate District Hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

The BMW driver failed to stop at the scene of the collision, and at the time, police issued an appeal for information via social media to help find the car.

Officers have since confirmed that they have now traced the vehicle and the driver believed to be involved in the incident. The vehicle has been seized for forensic examination and the driver is due to be interviewed.

Investigating officer, Traffic Constable David Minto has thanked the people of Ripon for their assistance. He said: "We thank the public, particularly the local community in Ripon, for their assistance and vigilance. We have been hugely impressed by their collective efforts. We do ask however that people refrain from posting further details on social media in relation to this incident. The investigation is still ongoing and could be adversely affected by any comments and speculation.

"If you have any information that you feel is important to the investigation, we would still very much like to hear from you."

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information for incident number 12180054942 or email david.minto@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 2 April 2018 at 10:22pm in News stories
