```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-28T12:59:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-28T11:05:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Sometime between 2pm on Friday 24 and 8am on Saturday 25 July 2020, two sheep were injured in a suspected dog attack. They were found by the farmer on Saturday morning. They survived, but required medication from a vet. Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/07/dogs-kill-livestock.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning posters sent to Selby after sheep injured - attacked lamb dies in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-posters-sent-to-selby-after-sheep-injured-attacked-lamb-dies-in-harrogate/
title: Warning posters sent to Selby after sheep injured - attacked lamb dies in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-posters-sent-to-selby-after-sheep-injured-attacked-lamb-dies-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 28 July 2020 at 01:59pm

‘Dogs kill livestock’ warning posters will be displayed in the Fairburn area of Selby, after two sheep were attacked there.

Sometime between 2pm on Friday 24 and 8am on Saturday 25 July 2020, two sheep were injured in a suspected dog attack. They were found by the farmer on Saturday morning. They survived, but required medication from a vet.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference 12200127123.

In a separate incident earlier this month, on Sunday 12 July, a lamb was attacked on land near Thruscross Reservoir, Harrogate. A North Yorkshire Police officer attended and spoke to the dog owner.

Writing on Facebook the following Friday, the farmer said: “Thank you to your officers who responded to our attack on Sunday in West End. Sadly the lamb in question passed away yesterday. Your officers responded and really made the dog owner in question understand the consequences of her actions.”

And, addressing dog owners: “Please think of how your actions affect others. Dog attacks are devastating to farmers.”

Police are concerned that as coronavirus restrictions are lifted, more people are travelling to the countryside, and walking their dogs around sheep without enough care.

In 2018, North Yorkshire Police contributed to an expert report by the National Police Chiefs’ Council Livestock Worrying Police Working Group. Their research found that about one in ten of livestock attacks involve repeat offenders – owners whose dog had worried or caused damage to livestock before – highlighting the importance of reporting all such incidents to the police.

North Yorkshire’s specialist rural policing officers can offer security advice to farmers with livestock. They understand the financial and emotional impact of dog attacks on sheep.

Estimates by NFU Mutual suggest livestock attacks nationally cost farmers £1.2m in 2019.

Inspector Matt Hagen, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: “We need dog owners to take responsibility for their animals – it’s very important that dogs are kept securely when at home, and on leads and under control when walking near sheep fields.”

Posted on 28 July 2020 at 12:05pm in Rural
