```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-21T19:07:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Johnson, 29, of Hudson Close, Wetherby, was arrested a short time later after abandoning his car on the A64 near Malton and running off on foot into nearby fields. The pursuit began after police received a call from the Crow\u2019s Nest camp site near Filey after Johnson was warned about his rowdy behaviour by a [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Kyle-Johnson-22101989-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A64 police pusuit footage released after man jailed for three-and-a-half years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a64-police-pusuit-footage-released-after-man-jailed-for-three-and-a-half-years/
title: A64 police pusuit footage released after man jailed for three-and-a-half years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a64-police-pusuit-footage-released-after-man-jailed-for-three-and-a-half-years/
```

Last modified: 21 June 2019 at 08:07pm

This shocking in-car footage from one of our patrol cars shows the dangerous driving of Kyle Johnson who was jailed for three-and-a-half years on 18 June.

Johnson, 29, of Hudson Close, Wetherby, was arrested a short time later after abandoning his car on the A64 near Malton and running off on foot into nearby fields.

Kyle Johnson

The pursuit began after police received a call from the Crow’s Nest camp site near Filey after Johnson was warned about his rowdy behaviour by a woman bartender who he then assaulted and pushed to the floor.

He then hit a customer over the head with a bottle after he went to the aid of the woman.

After attempting to punch a second man, Johnson then got in his Vauxhall Astra and drove off at high speed towards Scarborough, veering onto the wrong side of the road and into the path of oncoming vehicles causing one to swerve off the road to avoid a collision.

Officers spotted his car in Eastfield and after seeing the police car, Johnson drove off at speeds of over 100mph along the A64 towards Malton. His driving caused a number of other motorists to take evasive action as he repeatedly drove on the opposite carriageway at high speed.

He eventually stopped in the carriageway, rammed the police car then drove off again before abandoning his car.

The incident happened on 26 May 2019 and following his arrest he was charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop for police, assault causing actual bodily harm, common assault, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance. He pleaded guilty to the offences at York Magistrates Court on 28 May and was sentenced to three-and-a-half years’ imprisonment on 18 June and banned from driving for three years.

Contact details:
 Corporate Communications \- #99999
newsdesk@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 123
Posted on 21 June 2019 at 08:07pm in News stories
