```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-01-25T11:58:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 21 December last year Scarborough County Court issued the order against Emma Seed, which will be in force until 20 December 2026. The injunction order prohibits Ms Seed from entering or remaining in Whitby and the surrounding areas, and from acting or inciting others to act in an anti-social manner in the same areas. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/SEED-Emma-300x198.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Injunction order for woman\u2019s prolonged anti-social behaviour - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/injunction-order-for-womans-prolonged-anti-social-behaviour/
title: "Injunction order for woman\u2019s prolonged anti-social behaviour"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/injunction-order-for-womans-prolonged-anti-social-behaviour/
```

Last modified: 25 January 2021 at 11:58am

A woman has been issued with an injunction order after her prolonged anti-social behaviour caused misery and distress to residents in Whitby and surrounding areas.

On 21 December last year Scarborough County Court issued the order against Emma Seed, which will be in force until 20 December 2026.

The injunction order prohibits Ms Seed from entering or remaining in Whitby and the surrounding areas, and from acting or inciting others to act in an anti-social manner in the same areas. Anti-social behaviour is that which causes or is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to others.

Ms Seed is also forbidden to instruct or encourage anyone else to do anything which the order prevents her from doing.

Scarborough Borough Council made the application for the order, supported by evidence from other agencies, including North Yorkshire Police.

Sandra Rees, Scarborough Borough Council Community Safety and Safeguarding Manager, said: “The injunction order comes after many months of harassment, alarm and distress to the community of Whitby caused by Ms Seed. The anti-social behaviour occurred at multiple locations in Whitby including at various residential properties.

“I hope this court result sends out a clear message to everyone that Scarborough Borough Council and North Yorkshire Police will not tolerate this or any other forms or behaviour that harms our community. We will always take action to stop and prevent offenders from doing so.”

Sergeant Gareth Gilleard, North Yorkshire Police, said: “The actions of Emma Seed have caused misery to residents in Whitby over a long period of time.

“This injunction is the culmination of close collaborative working between Scarborough Borough Council and the Whitby Neighbourhood Policing Team with excellent support from the local community, whose involvement has been invaluable in securing this positive result.

“Although it has been a lengthy and complex process, the restrictions imposed by the injunction will make a huge difference to the residents of Whitby, ensuring the town is spared her behaviour for many years to come.

“Breaching this injunction could result in arrest and a court appearance, so I would urge members of the public to be vigilant and report any concerns to the police.”

Posted on 25 January 2021 at 11:58am in News stories
