```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-14T18:27:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses to an assault in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-assault-harrogate/
title: Appeal for witnesses to an assault in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-assault-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Harrogate.

It happened on West End Avenue at around 5pm hours on 6 August 2016 and involved an alleged assault, in which a woman was grabbed by the throat and punched once to the face.

A male was arrested later that evening and has been released on bail while further enquiries are conducted.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about a man who may have intervened during the incident at the time.

We are especially interested in speaking to this man who may have been driving a red VW Passat or similar vehicle. It is believed that he may be able to greatly assist police with their enquiries but he left the scene prior to his details being obtained.

If you know of this man, or you have witnessed this incident, we would like to speak with you.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Neil Sisson. You can also email neil.sisson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160141254.

Contact details:
 Neil Sisson \- #0342
neil.sisson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30342
Incident reference:
 12160141254
Posted on 14 August 2016 at 06:27pm in Local appeals
