```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:13:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-21T10:12:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Scarborough special constable who has clocked up over 13,000 hours of policing has hung up his uniform for the last time as he retires following a 20-year career.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough special constable retires after 20 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-special-constable-retires-20-years/
title: Scarborough special constable retires after 20 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-special-constable-retires-20-years/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:13am

A Scarborough special constable who has clocked up over 13,000 hours of policing has hung up his uniform for the last time as he retires following a 20-year career.

Volunteer police officer, Raffi Aghanian, joined North Yorkshire Police in April 1995 and rose through the ranks to become a special inspector. His last day of work as a 'special' was 21 September 2015.

58-year-old Raffi who, at the height of his career, often worked 35 hours a week - the minimum expected is four hours - is well known in the Scarborough area both for his dedication to policing and for being a talented all-round sportsman, competing in gruelling, international ironman competitions as well as competing at national level as a Judo black belt and representing North Yorkshire Police in Police Sport UK competitions.

Raffi said: "I have loved every minute of my time with North Yorkshire Police. It has been fantastic to be a part of the team and work alongside such supportive colleagues.

"From day one, I was made to feel very welcome by everyone I came into contact with. I will miss everyone but I want to spend more time with my children and grandchildren and to study more languages, music and more sport. I would strongly recommend being a special to anyone - without a doubt - it has made me the person I am today."

Sergeant Craig Malia of Scarborough police has known and worked with Raffi for decades. He said: "Raffi is very highly respected amongst his peers and the general public. He is known as a gentleman who has time for everyone and has a genuine interest in developing the Special Constabulary. He even delayed his retirement to ensure that the latest recruits were established before he left. He also cares about North Yorkshire Police and its staff. He has been mulling over his retirement for months as he didn't want to let anyone down by retiring. But the pull of spending more time with his family was just too much.

"Raffi certainly lives up to his ironman reputation and thinks nothing of cycling to work and back for a 12 hour shift. Or, doing an hour's swim, a six-mile run, an hour of judo, then clocking on for an eight-hour shift to serve the people of Scarborough, prompting the nickname 'the machine'.

"Raffi will be missed by his peers. He is always happy and nothing is ever too much trouble. He has been a figurehead for special constables in Scarborough and will be a sad loss. We wish him all the best for the future as he retires to spend more time with his grandchildren."

Chief Constable Dave Jones who is also the National Police Chiefs' Council's lead for Citizens in Policing, added: "Raffi is an absolute inspiration to everyone across North Yorkshire Police. I would like to thank him for giving up so much of his own time to support policing in the Scarborough and Ryedale area. He brought an enrichment to North Yorkshire Police and the town of Scarborough. He will be missed by everyone but can retire in the knowledge that he went much further than the extra mile, and has given so much to his local communities - and beyond. I wish him a thoroughly well-deserved, happy and relaxing retirement."

Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan, who also leads for all Commissioner's on Citizens in Policing, said "People like Raffi are few and far between. He has done himself and Scarborough proud, and whilst it is sad to see him go he is leaving happy in the knowledge that he has been an invaluable member of the policing team and his made his community a safer place for everyone."

Raffi has worked in nearly all areas of the force, assisting the dog section, roads policing, public order, response, and latterly with the Safer Neighbourhood Team, where he policed many high profile events. He carried out cycle patrol for the Tour de Yorkshire and led the policing operation for the Open Air Theatre.

Most recently Raffi devised, organised and led a high profile policing operation in Scarborough and Ryedale, organising the whole event and getting enough staff to provide 200 extra policing hours on an extremely busy weekend.

He recently completed the College of Policing's Special Constabulary Leadership Programme and has proved an exceptional role model and mentor to both specials and regular officers alike.

Special Constables, or "specials" as they are also known, are volunteer officers who give up their own time to support their regular colleagues.

They play a key role in local policing and have the same powers in law as regular police officers, including the power of arrest. However, the role of specials can also extend into more complex areas of policing.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer a minimum of four hours a week to their local police force, forming a vital link between the regular (full-time) police and the local community.

**21 September 2015**

Posted on 21 September 2015 at 10:12am in News stories
