```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T10:13:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-19T10:06:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Specialist search dogs from Fire and Rescue Service and Durham Constabulary carried out searches of the property earlier today. We believe the deceased was the only person in the property at the time of the explosion. We will conduct further searches to confirm this is the case.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Explosion in Haxby, York 4pm Friday 19 February - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-explosion-haxby-york-4pm-friday-19-february/
title: 'Update: Explosion in Haxby, York 4pm Friday 19 February'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-explosion-haxby-york-4pm-friday-19-february/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 10:13am

Specialist search dogs from Fire and Rescue Service and Durham Constabulary carried out searches of the property earlier today. We believe the deceased was the only person in the property at the time of the explosion. We will conduct further searches to confirm this is the case.

The cleaning up of the street is now underway and we hope the road will be opened this evening, allowing residents to return to their properties.

Anyone whose house has been damaged by the explosion needs to protect and secure their own property and contact their insurance companies to arrange boarding up if necessary.

If anyone needs any more information then please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 or call York City Council on 01904 551550.

The demolished house will take several weeks to clear. It is still believed the explosion was caused by gas, however the full investigation into the circumstances will take some weeks to complete. The investigation will be carried out by North Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, The Health and Safety Executive and Northern Gas Networks.

We are not yet in a position to identify the man who died in the explosion.

Inspector Steve Breen from North Yorkshire Police said:

"My thoughts are with the family of the deceased at this incredibly sad time. This has been an utterly tragic incident and I would like to thank residents and members of the public for their co-operation and patience today.

"Police have worked at the scene throughout the day, along with the Fire and Ambulance Service, York City Council and the utility companies, to get the investigation underway and secure the safety of residents and offer reassurance.

Posted on 19 February 2016 at 10:06am in News stories
