```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-06T16:12:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The assault took place on Belmont Road in Scarborough between 8.10pm and 8.30pm on Wednesday 29 January 2020. A lone woman in her early twenties was assaulted by two women as they passed her in an unprovoked attack. One of the women is described as white, in her early twenties with short blonde hair and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-scarborough-6/
title: Appeal following assault in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-in-scarborough-6/
```

Last modified: 6 February 2020 at 04:12pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault on Belmont Road in Scarborough.

The assault took place on Belmont Road in Scarborough between 8.10pm and 8.30pm on Wednesday 29 January 2020. A lone woman in her early twenties was assaulted by two women as they passed her in an unprovoked attack.

One of the women is described as white, in her early twenties with short blonde hair and a distinctive lip piercing to the right side of her bottom lip. She was wearing a black hooded top, blue jeans and white trainers.

The other woman is described as white, in her early twenties with long brown hair, wearing a distinctive pink jacket or jumper.

After the assault the suspects are believed to have walked up Ramshill Road towards Sainsburys.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspects. Did you see them on that evening in the local area?

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting incident reference 12200016681. You can also email 990@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200016681 in any correspondence.

Date 04/02/2020

Contact details:
 Police Police \- #0990
990@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12200016681
Posted on 6 February 2020 at 04:12pm in Local appeals
