```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-28T09:41:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-28T09:21:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&#8220;County lines&#8221; is the term given to a form of drug dealing where dealers from urban areas sell drugs in smaller county towns using mobile phones to advertise their drugs. The investigation dates back to June 2017 when officers stopped a Vauxhall Astra in Scarborough following a report that it was involved in suspected drug [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Liam-Peter-Ayres-18051986-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five convicted as Scarborough police dismantle another &quot;county lines&quot; drug dealing operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-convicted-as-scarborough-police-dismantle-another-county-lines-drug-dealing-operation/
title: Five convicted as Scarborough police dismantle another "county lines" drug dealing operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-convicted-as-scarborough-police-dismantle-another-county-lines-drug-dealing-operation/
```

Last modified: 28 June 2019 at 10:41am

Five Leeds-based “county lines” drug dealers who targeted Scarborough addicts are awaiting their fate after being convicted of supplying cocaine and heroin.

"County lines" is the term given to a form of drug dealing where dealers from urban areas sell drugs in smaller county towns using mobile phones to advertise their drugs.

The investigation dates back to June 2017 when officers stopped a Vauxhall Astra in Scarborough following a report that it was involved in suspected drug dealing on Prince of Wales Terrace.

The car and its occupants, driver Anthony Cleary and passenger Daniel Squires, were searched by officers who found 28 wraps of heroin, 30 wraps of cocaine and £290 in cash.

The investigation then went on to uncover other suspects involved in the supply network including ringleader, Liam Ayres, his girlfriend at the time, Tammy Cleary, and Ethan Jake Bodally.

Throughout the investigation officers seized a total of 109 wraps of heroin – some mixed with deadly fentanyl - and 90 wraps of cocaine.

A search of a flat in Albion Crescent rented by Ayres uncovered more evidence of drug dealing including a list of local addicts, weighing scales and bags.

Tammy Cleary was also found to have banked over £10,000 from the proceeds of drug dealing over a period of four months.

Ringleader, Liam Peter Ayres, 33, of Monkswood Avenue, Seacroft, pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin in May 2019.

Tamela (Tammy) Louise Cleary, 27, of Monkswood Avenue, Seacroft, was found guilty by jury at York Crown Court on 26 June 2019 of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and conspiracy to conceal criminal property (the money earned through drug dealing).

Anthony Cleary, 26, of Naburn Road, Whinmoor, Leeds, was also found guilty by jury on 26 June of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and conspiracy to conceal criminal property.

Ethan Jaake Bodally, 20, of Stanks Drive, Seacroft, pleaded guilty on the first day of his trial to conspiracy to supply class a drugs and conspiracy to conceal criminal property.

Daniel Squires, 28, of Hyde Park Road, Leeds, pleaded guilty in 2018 to two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (heroin and cocaine) in 2018.

All offenders, with the exception of Liam Ayres who was given court bail, have been remanded into prison custody and all five will be sentenced at a later date. A sixth suspect was found not guilty at court.

Liam Ayres Ethan Bodally Daniel Squires Anthony Cleary

Investigating officer, Detective Constable James Temple of Scarborough CID, said: “So-called county lines drug dealing continues to be a priority for North Yorkshire Police and we will actively target the people at the centre of this problem.

“The gang targeted local drug addicts, many of whom are vulnerable due to their addiction and to compound the risks to them, some of the drugs were a potential deadly mix of heroin and fentanyl.

“We urge members of the public to continue to report information about suspected drug dealing in their neighbourhood, either to us or anonymously to the charity, Crimestoppers. No matter how small you believe that piece of information is, it could be a vital piece of the bigger picture. As you can see from this case, and many others we have brought to the courts, we will take action.”

Call the police on 101 to report suspicious activity, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or online at crimestoppers-uk.org

**The signs of drug dealing can include**
Increased callers at a property at all times of the day or night
Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
Different accents at a property
Antisocial behaviour at a property
Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
Drugs parephernalia - small bags/wraps, scales
Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

**Get help for drug addiction**
North Yorkshire Horizons
NHS
FRANK helpline and information
Compass Reach (young people)

**Fentanyl**

Fentanyl is a synthetic (man-made) opioid that has the same effect as heroin. However, it is much stronger than natural heroin and much easier to overdose.

**Some advice from Public Health England**

**Drug supplies change, best test first**

 * What’s in your drugs can change frequently and your dealer doesn’t always know what’s in them or how powerful they may be
 * Best start with a small amount or inject slowly to test the effect

**Look out for your mates**

 * If possible, use with your mates. Using alone is much more risky as there is no one to look out for you if you overdose

**Look out for the signs of overdose**

An overdose won’t always look the same but some of the signs to look out for are:

 * Falling unconscious
 * Very light shallow breathing or no breathing
 * Loud raspy ‘snoring’ or gurgling
 * Blue or pale lips or fingertips

**Call an ambulance**

**Naloxone - get it, carry it, use it**

 * If someone overdoses act fast, don’t wait to see if they will recover – you could save their life
 * Remember, call an ambulance immediately
 * Check the person is breathing
 * Put them in the recovery position: on their side with their head resting on their arm
 * Give them naloxone as soon as possible

Posted on 28 June 2019 at 10:21am in News stories
