```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-27T14:02:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of pedal cycles that occurred in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Bike theft - King Edwards Drive, Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bike-theft-king-edwards-drive-harrogate/
title: Bike theft - King Edwards Drive, Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/bike-theft-king-edwards-drive-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of pedal cycles that occurred in Harrogate.

It happened on King Edward Drive between the evening of Tuesday 21 March 2017 and the afternoon of Wednesday 22 March 2017, where two pedal cycles were stolen from the rear of an address on the street. The bikes were allegedly stolen at separate times within the time-frame provided.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the whereabouts of the bikes that were stolen based on their distinguishing features. One of the bikes is a Mongoose BMX with a sky-blue frame; the other BMX has a distinguishing blue-coloured front tyre. Furthermore, we are also appealing for information on anyone seen riding the bikes during and after the time-frame provided.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Adam Smith. You can also email adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170048507.

Contact details:
 Adam Smith \- #0008
adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170048507
Posted on 27 March 2017 at 02:02pm in Local appeals
