```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-23T17:23:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-23T11:43:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The National Day of Reflection is a profound and poignant time for everyone who has lost family members and friends to Covid-19 in our area and around the country. Every-day life, which we have taken for granted for so long, has been completely turned on its head during the past year. We\u2019ve all had to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/03/day-of-reflection-327x300-1-300x166.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Covid response: National Day of Reflection - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/covid-response-national-day-of-reflection/
title: 'Covid response: National Day of Reflection'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/covid-response-national-day-of-reflection/
```

Last modified: 23 March 2021 at 05:23pm

Superintendent Mike Walker is leading North Yorkshire Police’s response to the pandemic and he chairs the multi-agency North Yorkshire Local Resilience Forum. These are his comments about the past week's (15-21 March 2021) Covid-19 related issues, and the National Day of Reflection on Tuesday 23 March 2021…

**The National Day of Reflection** is a profound and poignant time for everyone who has lost family members and friends to Covid-19 in our area and around the country.

Every-day life, which we have taken for granted for so long, has been completely turned on its head during the past year.

We’ve all had to adapt to stringent health protection measures to reduce the spread of the virus in the collective effort to keep our loved-ones safe, particularly those in the most vulnerable groups.

From a policing point of view, we continue to play our part in this effort to keep people safe and protect the NHS, whose staff have been nothing short of heroic on the frontline of the pandemic.

With the Easter holidays on the way alongside the positive impact the vaccination programme is having, it might be very tempting to relax and stop abiding by the health protections regulations as we move along the Government’s roadmap out of lockdown.

My plea to everyone is to be extremely careful and to keep following the regulations until it is safe to resume a more normal way of living – we have come too far and made too many sacrifices for this effort to be wasted now.

We owe it to our medical and care professionals, to everyone who has suffered loss and hardship during the last 12 months, and to the people who have tragically lost their lives to the coronavirus.

_Please keep going._

**_Easter and beyond …_**

We will continue to play our part in tackling the public health crisis through the Easter holidays and beyond

Each district has patrol plans in place to ensure there are sufficient resources to provide reassurance and continue our ‘4 Es’ approach – to engage with the public, explain the regulations, encourage compliance, and enforce if there is no other way of dealing with breaches.

The patrol plans will reflect any changes in legislation post 29 March as part of the Government’s roadmap out of lockdown. We will be able to communicate these changes and our approach once the new health protection regulations have been confirmed.

When it is safe to do so, we will welcome visitors to the county again. However, everyone can expect to see an increased policing presence as we work alongside our partners to help keep the virus at bay in the weeks and months ahead.

Also, we expect normal policing demand to increase as the regulations are further relaxed, therefore North Yorkshire Police will utilise the Government’s surge funding provided to ensure we can respond to the public as they would expect.

**Latest enforcement data**

During the past seven days **(15-21 March 2021)** we have issued **149** **Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) – the previous week’s total was 102.**

This takes the total to **1,811 FPNs during the third lockdown** , and **3,704 FPNs since the first lockdown on March 2020**.

 * **71** were issued to **local people** and **78** were issued to **visitors**
 * **63** issued for **being outside place of living**
 * **4** for **outdoor gatherings**
 * **81** for **indoor gatherings**
 * **1** for **obstruct/contravene/fail to close business**
 * **0** for **gathering of more than 15**

**Broken down into districts, the provisional number of FPNs issues are as follows:**

**Craven – 2**

**Hambleton – 10**

**Harrogate – 5**

**Richmond – 3**

**Ryedale – 0**

**Scarborough – 72**

**Selby – 19**

**York – 38**

**Notable recent breaches**

Officers in **Scarborough** responded to a report at 1.21am on Sunday (21 March 2021) of a suspected indoor gather taking place at **Eastfield**. When they called at the address it turned out to be a woman’s 20th birthday party and three of the attendees attempted to hide from the police in a back garden shed. The officers issued seven Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs).

Further down the coast at **Filey** Country Park it turned out to be a busy Saturday (20 March 2021) night for officers on patrol.

 * At 11.10pm they spotted a Ford Fiesta in the car park with a young couple inside who were on a 150-mile round trip from Gainsborough, North Lincolnshire, without any reasonable excuse to travel under the current lockdown
 * Then at 11.15pm, a group of four men from Bradford, West Yorkshire, were found to have travelled to the park in a Ford Focus with the intention of having a bonfire and having a few beers. The men were sent home after being issued with FPNs
 * Officers then noticed a Ducati campervan at the same location at 11.30pm. The occupant, a man from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, told them that he’d had a glass of wine could not drive home

At 4.33pm on Saturday (20 March 2021) at **Selby** , officers were called to a report of a gathering in a back garden. The group of six – five men and a woman - were having a barbeque and mixing with different households. They were all handed FPNs.

Lastly, at 3.50pm on Friday (19 March 2021) on the southbound A168 on the outskirts of **Thirsk** , a man from London was pulled over in a Mercedes saloon car. As well as being uninsured for the vehicle, it turned out the man had been visiting friends in Middlesbrough for a couple of days without reasonable excuse under the current health protection regulation – a 500-mile round journey. He was issued with a FPN and the vehicle was seized.

Posted on 23 March 2021 at 11:43am in News stories
