```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-05T12:33:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-02T15:25:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A blog by Denise Spence, a proud member of police staff who was recently handed a long service award after twenty years at NYP
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Twenty years of policing technology and me - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/twenty-years-of-policing-technology-and-me/
title: Twenty years of policing technology and me
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/twenty-years-of-policing-technology-and-me/
```

Last modified: 5 October 2018 at 01:33pm

A blog by Denise Spence, a proud member of police staff who was recently handed a long service award after twenty years at NYP

I started working within the Force Control Room as systems support administrator in September 2001, around two weeks before the 9/11 attack. That event really brought home to me the critical nature of the work I was doing, in ensuring the computer and telephony systems within North Yorkshire Police were fit for purpose and able to support the emergency and non-emergency response that the control room provide 24/7, 365 days a year.

When I started within the control room, North Yorkshire Police (NYP) was about to implement Airwave to provide the critical radio communications, which was replacing the old system.

This was significant change for the force, both for officers and staff, as it fundamentally was changing the way we all worked. Twenty years ago, technology was not part of an officer’s everyday role like it is now, so getting them to engage in anything to do with technical equipment or processes was rather challenging!

Working with lots of different stakeholders, both internal and external, I had to ensure the technology was fit for purpose, that there were processes in place to support it and that front line staff knew how to use it.

Other big changes during my time at NYP include the migration of seven controls rooms to two, and then two to one, and the introduction of numerous new IT Systems including Storm the command and control system (the system the call handlers use to record details of all live incidents, based on the information provided by the reporting person) replacing Indepol.

With all of these changes, the biggest challenge is engaging with the people who are affected. The things required from me to deliver in my role, are good communication with officers and staff at all levels across the organisation, training, and testing of systems to ensure we are confident we are able to maintain the delivery of critical emergency services.

Within my role there are never two days the same and it is fairly fast paced, with the acceleration of change within the technology sector showing no signs of slowing. Also, as the number of systems have increased over the years, so has the integration and interdependencies of the systems – this means that upgrades, maintenance work or changes to any of the systems usually impacts several other systems. I am required to work with a number of different teams to advise on a schedule of work and make sure risks to systems and service is minimised.

In addition, operational requirements wishing to exploit technology in order to deliver the best possible service to the public is also increasing.

This makes my role challenging and there is rarely a plateau, but the buzz I get from making sure our systems work for the staff and officers, and ultimately the public who need us, is one of the main reasons why I love my job and why I have stayed here for so long.

Posted on 2 October 2018 at 04:25pm in News stories
