```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:13:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-12T10:12:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York&#039;s biggest ever crime prevention campaign will see 25,000 homes secured across the city from next month.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crimeprevadvice2-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Thousands of homes to be checked in York&#039;s biggest ever crime prevention campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thousands-homes-checked-yorks-biggest-ever-crime-prevention-campaign/
title: Thousands of homes to be checked in York's biggest ever crime prevention campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thousands-homes-checked-yorks-biggest-ever-crime-prevention-campaign/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:13am

York's biggest ever crime prevention campaign will see 25,000 homes secured across the city from next month.

Dozens of officers, PCSOs, Special Constables, volunteers and Police Cadets will take to the streets to ensure the city's residents are protected from sneak-in burglars.

Statistically, around one in four burglaries are 'crimes of opportunity', where an offender enters a property through an unlocked door or window. Although York is a very safe city, such burglaries tend to increase in the summer months, as homeowners leave windows and doors open, or spend time in the garden.

Operation Joypad will see extra high-visibility police patrols across York in May, June and July, with officers physically and visually checking properties to ensure they have been left secure. When an insecure property is found, officers will contact the homeowner and provide suitable home security advice.

Officers plan to visit 25,000 properties, making the operation the biggest of its kind to take place in York.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "To a burglar, an unlocked door is an invitation - they won't hesitate to simply walk into your house and remove your phone, tablet, car keys and any other valuables they can find. And unfortunately, these criminals will take advantage of the summer weather, when people are more likely to leave doors or windows open.

"However, sneak-in burglaries are simple to prevent. I am asking all York residents to keep their doors and windows closed and locked, just like you would in winter. Keep your bikes and garden tools under lock and key, and if you're in the back garden, ensure any doors and windows out of sight from your position are secure.

"This police operation will be the biggest of its kind York has ever seen, making the city a no-go area for sneak-in burglars."

Throughout Operation Joypad, York Police will continue to host 'dot peen' property marking sessions, using equipment that permanently marks valuables such as laptops, mobile phones and cycles. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide evidence vital in securing prosecutions.

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, contact your local police team via 101, or follow them on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest - the service is promoted with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

For more information about home security and property marking, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also install North Yorkshire Police's home security web app, BurglarProof, atburglarproof.nyp.mobi. And you can download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad - just search for "Securing your home" on iTunes.

**12 April 2016**

Posted on 12 April 2016 at 10:12am in News stories
