```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:49:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-24T20:47:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A burglar who targeted isolated farms in the Great Ayton area has been jailed for 12 months.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Hawk secures burglary conviction for travelling criminal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-hawk-secures-burglary-conviction-travelling-criminal/
title: Operation Hawk secures burglary conviction for travelling criminal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-hawk-secures-burglary-conviction-travelling-criminal/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:49pm

A burglar who targeted isolated farms in the Great Ayton area has been jailed for 12 months.

Aaron Christopher Stubley, aged 26 and of Grosmont Road, Middlesbrough, was sentenced at Teesside Crown Court on Friday 21 August 2015, after being convicted of six counts of burglary.

Stubley and an accomplice targeted a farm which rents out static containers and buildings just before midnight on Wednesday 1 April 2015. They forced their way into four buildings before stealing a car which they got stuck on the posts of a perimeter fence.

After their failed attempt to get away with the car, they stole three motorbikes worth £2,300, but were disturbed and abandoned them in nearby fields. The police arrived at the scene and recovered all of the stolen property.

Around the same time the following night, Stubley and his accomplice moved onto another farm in Great Ayton. They forced entry to a secure shed and stole a vintage motorcycle and some tools, worth £16,500.

They also tried to take another motorbike from the scene but when they couldn't move it they maliciously used a sharp implement to dent the bodywork and puncture the fuel tank.

The same night the pair took a quad bike and tools, valued at around £6,800, from two secure 20ft containers from a business premises in the area.

Stubley was arrested on 11 April 2015 after being identified from CCTV footage.

Police are still trying to locate Stubley's accomplice and have released CCTV images of them at the scene of the burglaries.

Officers are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward with information.

PC Alastair Gill, of Stokesley police, said: "Rural crime is a priority for North Yorkshire Police and we are very passionate about protecting our communities in isolated location from criminals.

"It is, therefore, very satisfying that someone like Stubley, who had travelled from across the border to target our rural residents and businesses, has been given a long jail sentence.

"I hope his conviction will act as warning to other criminals that we will not tolerate people coming into North Yorkshire to commit crime.

"The technology we have at our disposal is improving all the time and if you do come here to prey on our communities, there is a very good chance that we will catch you and put you before the courts."

PC Gill added: "We know that Stubley was working with an accomplice because he has been captured on CCTV at the scene of the burglaries.

"I am urging anyone who knows who he is to get in touch, so that we can bring him to justice as well."

Anyone who can help to identify the man wearing the beanie hat in the CCTV images is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for PC Alistair Gill or Stokesley police.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**24 August 2015**

Posted on 24 August 2015 at 08:47pm in News stories
