```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-23T10:33:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-23T10:32:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The tractor, decked out in authentic police colours, will be touring shows and events with North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Rural Taskforce this summer. Last year &#8216;Bobby&#8217; the Police Tractor was named by North Yorkshire youngster Emily Woodyatt, who won a police competition. As part of her prize, the tractor paid a visit her school, Carleton Primary [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Tractor-visits-school.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Popular North Yorkshire Police Tractor heading to local schools and events - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/popular-north-yorkshire-police-tractor-heading-local-schools-events/
title: Popular North Yorkshire Police Tractor heading to local schools and events
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/popular-north-yorkshire-police-tractor-heading-local-schools-events/
```

Last modified: 23 March 2018 at 10:33am

A police tractor that caught the imagination of thousands of youngsters across rural North Yorkshire will be back for 2018.

The tractor, decked out in authentic police colours, will be touring shows and events with North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce this summer.

Last year 'Bobby' the Police Tractor was named by North Yorkshire youngster Emily Woodyatt, who won a police competition. As part of her prize, the tractor paid a visit her school, Carleton Primary School, near Skipton.

The police tractor also proved hugely popular at the Great Yorkshire Show, and many other rural events over the 2017 show season.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce accompanied the tractor, and took the opportunity to talk to people who live and work in rural communities, learning more about the issues they face.

Now Bobby – loaned to North Yorkshire Police by Ripon Farm Services – is back for 2018, and will once again be at shows and events throughout the summer.

Police are also offering youngsters the opportunity to win a visit to their primary school – by counting the number of sheep in a photograph, with a tie-breaker question of: “If Bobby wasn’t a police tractor what would he be and why?”.

Five winners will be selected, and subject to the school’s agreement, will receive an exciting visit from Bobby.

PC David Mackay, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Our police tractor is always extremely popular, capturing the interest of people of all ages across North Yorkshire’s rural communities.

“Look out for us at events across the county this summer, and, as always, don’t hesitate to get in touch if you have any concerns about rural crime, notice any suspicious activity, or need crime prevention and security advice.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality.

You can meet members of the Taskforce (and Bobby!) at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce Facebook page.

**Enter our competition to win a visit to your primary school!**

Posted on 23 March 2018 at 10:32am in News stories
