```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-03-15T10:48:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The initiative, which will in the early stages be run virtually, will expand into a full outreach programme working closely with teachers, advisors and other partners to offer a full range of sports and recreational activities. Activities already in an advanced stage of planning include a school-based programme providing healthy meals, food and nutrition education [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Emergency services partnership will support Filey and Eastfield youth - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/emergency-services-partnership-will-support-filey-and-eastfield-youth/
title: Emergency services partnership will support Filey and Eastfield youth
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/emergency-services-partnership-will-support-filey-and-eastfield-youth/
```

Last modified: 15 March 2021 at 10:48am

Police in Filey and Eastfield and Scarborough Fire and Rescue Service have joined forces to launch Springboard for Youth - an initiative to support young people through the easing of lockdown and beyond.

The initiative, which will in the early stages be run virtually, will expand into a full outreach programme working closely with teachers, advisors and other partners to offer a full range of sports and recreational activities.

Activities already in an advanced stage of planning include a school-based programme providing healthy meals, food and nutrition education and physical activity; an inter-school pentathlon for all ages combining golf, cricket, basketball tennis and football; and a programme aimed at teaching pre-17-year-old future young drivers the elements of safe driving.

Springboard for Youth will also connect with young people through a programme of roadshows held at supermarkets, festivals and in the schools themselves.

Announcing the initiative, Inspector Andy Short of Filey and Eastfield Police said: "The COVID-19 lockdown has challenged the lives of teenagers at a time when they are usually becoming more independent and taking steps towards their future. Instead, they have been confined to their homes and their next steps have looked increasingly less certain.

"This initiative has been designed to build young people’s confidence, provide much needed support and guidance, and ultimately help them build successful lives."

Graeme Casper, Manager, Scarborough Fire and Rescue Service, added: "Youth engagement is a key part of our overall strategy for improving lives and promoting safer communities. Both our operational crews and Community Safety Officers play a key part in the delivery of our activities, interacting with children and young people through visits to schools and community events.

"We see Springboard for Youth as being key to helping young people prepare for the future and ensure they are not left further behind."

Posted on 15 March 2021 at 10:48am in News stories
