```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-21T12:35:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Jason Paske, aged 40, from Bristol, has been sentenced to 10 years in prison at York Crown Court today (Tuesday 20 January 2015).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Pervert jailed for 10 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pervert-jailed-for-10-years/
title: Pervert jailed for 10 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pervert-jailed-for-10-years/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Jason Paske, aged 40, from Bristol, has been sentenced to 10 years in prison at York Crown Court today (Tuesday 20 January 2015).

View image

He had previously pleaded guilty to 34 charges for offences ranging from distribution of indecent images of children, making indecent images of children, attempting to arrange sexual activity with a teenage boy, and perverting the course of justice.

The investigation was conducted by North Yorkshire Police's Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit and Avon and Somerset Constabulary, during which a local victim in Scarborough was identified.

The forces have worked closely throughout the enquiry to secure the conviction of Paske who was arrested in May 2014.

Further suspected offenders have been uncovered in other countries including Germany and the Czech Republic. Investigations are being progressed in those countries with assistance from Interpol.

Detective Constable Nigel Pepper, of North Yorkshire Police's Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit in Scarborough, said: "Jason Paske is a truly horrendous and perverted man who is a menace to society.

"It is individuals like him that the public - in this country and worldwide - need protecting from, particularly in this age of the internet and social media.

"It is very satisfying for everyone involved in the investigation that Paske is now behind bars for a long time."

DC Sarah King, from the Internet Child Abuse Team at Avon and Somerset Constabulary, said: "Paske is a prolific offender who poses a real threat to children.

"He has exploited children in the worst possible way and has used the internet and social media to try and access more abhorrent material for his own sexual gratification.

"I hope this case serves to highlight that we will work with our partner forces and agencies to bring offenders like Paske to justice."

Posted on 21 January 2015 at 12:35pm in News stories
