```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T11:26:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-08T11:24:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a serious road traffic collision at Thistle Hill, Knaresborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following serious collision near Knaresborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-collision-near-knaresborough/
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious collision near Knaresborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-collision-near-knaresborough/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 11:26am

Police are appealing for information following a serious road traffic collision at Thistle Hill, Knaresborough.

The incident happened shortly before midday on 1 January 2016 and involved a red Ford Fiesta and a black Volkswagen Golf.

The 86 year old male driver of the Ford Fiesta was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by air ambulance with life threatening injuries. He remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

The 84 year old female passenger of the Fiesta was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by road ambulance with serious, but not life threating injuries and remains in hospital in a stable condition.

The 42 year old driver of the Volkswagen Golf, from Harrogate, was taken to Harrogate District Hospital where he was treated for a broken collar bone and a bad cut to his eye.

Prior to the incident, the Black VW Golf was travelling on the A658 from the Kestrel roundabout, towards Knaresborough, and the red Ford Fiesta was on Thistle Hill at the junction with the A658.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or who saw either of the vehicles prior to the collision is asked to contact the police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to TC 914 Lever at Harrogate Police Station or email _dave.lever@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 8 January 2016 at 11:24am in News stories
