```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-09T17:07:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-09T17:05:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The Silent Solution is available to anyone who is calling from a mobile, who is unable to make a verbal request for the police. However, North Yorkshire Police is keen to raise awareness of the system in the current COVID-19 climate, to ensure that domestic abuse victims who may be isolating with an abusive partner [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/04/Silent-solution-300x251.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "The Silent Solution \u2013 how to contact the police without saying a word - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-silent-solution-how-to-contact-the-police-without-saying-a-word/
title: "The Silent Solution \u2013 how to contact the police without saying a word"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/the-silent-solution-how-to-contact-the-police-without-saying-a-word/
```

Last modified: 9 April 2020 at 06:07pm

The Silent Solution is a system that enables a 999 mobile caller, who is unable to ask for police assistance or even make a noise, indicate that they are a genuine caller who requires an emergency police response.

The Silent Solution is available to anyone who is calling from a mobile, who is unable to make a verbal request for the police. However, North Yorkshire Police is keen to raise awareness of the system in the current COVID-19 climate, to ensure that domestic abuse victims who may be isolating with an abusive partner know how to summon the police without having to say a word.

When a 999 call is made from a mobile, the call is initially answered by a BT call handler, who will ask for the emergency service required, in order to direct the call to the correct service.

If the BT call handler cannot detect any noise on the line, they will ask the caller to cough or tap the phone to determine whether it is a genuine or hoax call. It's really important to listen to the instruction given by the call handler and to press 55 when prompted by them. When 55 is pressed, the call handler will connect the call through to the police.

Because it’s more likely that an accidental 999 call is made from a mobile, the Silent Solution system is just used for emergency calls made from mobiles.

This doesn’t mean that callers from landlines would not receive the same help. If a 999 call is made from a landline number and there is no verbal request made for an emergency service, the caller doesn’t answer any questions and only background noise can be heard, the BT call handler will connect the call to police, as there is doubt over someone’s safety.

Speaking about the Silent Solution, Head of the Force Control Room, Superintendent Jason Dickson said:

“Nationally around 50 emergency ‘silent solution’ calls are transferred to police by BT call handlers, as a result of someone pressing 55 when prompted.

“Thousands of ‘in pocket’ 999 calls are made every day which BT have to screen out, to ensure only genuine emergency calls get the help and priority they need. That’s why it’s really important to listen to the call handler and cough or tap and press 55 when asked, so they know you are in real need of help.”

Speaking about the police response to domestic abuse calls during the COVID-19 pandemic, force lead for Safeguarding, Superintendent Allan Harder said:

“It’s essential that victims who are suffering abuse at home know that we are here and ready to help. If you have reason to call 999, please be assured that we are responding to emergency calls and in a position to safeguard and support you.

“Please do not be deterred from calling police, thinking you are wasting police time or falsely using already stretched resources in this time of national crisis. If you are in an emergency and you are in danger, call 999, use the Silent Solution if you need to and we will respond.

“If you are not in immediate risk of harm, but want to report your concerns to police, call us on 101.

“There are also a number of online and telephone resources available to support you, should you not want to talk to police. Visit the North Yorkshire Police website – www.northyorkshire.police.uk/DAsupport for more information.

“If you need us, call us and we will be there.”

Posted on 9 April 2020 at 06:05pm in News stories
