```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-30T18:12:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared before Scarborough Magistrates on 24 October 2017 where she pleaded guilty to four offences of shoplifting between 1 and 29 September 2017, and falsely activating a fire alarm at licensed premises on 24 September 2017. As a result of the fire alarm, the premises in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 14-year-old Scarborough shoplifter given rehabilitation order and curfew - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-year-old-scarborough-shoplifter-given-rehabilitation-order-curfew/
title: 14-year-old Scarborough shoplifter given rehabilitation order and curfew
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-year-old-scarborough-shoplifter-given-rehabilitation-order-curfew/
```

Last modified: 30 October 2017 at 06:12pm

A 14-year old Scarborough girl has been given a youth rehabilitation order and her parent ordered to pay compensation after she was convicted of shoplifting and setting off a fire alarm.

The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared before Scarborough Magistrates on 24 October 2017 where she pleaded guilty to four offences of shoplifting between 1 and 29 September 2017, and falsely activating a fire alarm at licensed premises on 24 September 2017.

As a result of the fire alarm, the premises in Westborough were evacuated and North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to the scene despite there being no emergency.

The girl was also given a supervision order and curfew under electronic tag.

Detective Constable David Adams, said: “Many criminals believe shoplifting is a victimless crime. It isn't, it costs our economy £600m per year and has repercussions for law-abiding members of the public, increasing the cost of living when money is very tight.

"Activating the fire alarm caused utter distress and panic to the people inside the premises, the owner lost valuable business, and had to pay for the damage to the fire alarm. The fire service were severely inconvenienced at a time when public spending cuts are affecting all emergency services. Thankfully there were no other emergencies at the time requiring their services.

“While the girl may have thought it was an amusing prank, the harsh reality is that if there was someone in genuine need of assistance, her selfish actions could have had devastating consequences for an innocent person.

“The girl’s conviction will stay on her record for life, affecting her future, including her prospects of employment. I hope this sends a message to any young people intent on criminal activity to stop and think of the consequences for the rest of the life. Their whole lives could be affected because of irresponsible and criminal behaviour that they thought amusing at the time.”

Posted on 30 October 2017 at 06:12pm in News stories
