```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T13:22:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-08T13:21:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A driver who used drugs before causing a serious collision in which two innocent people were seriously hurt has been sentenced.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dangerous drug driver sentenced following major collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dangerous-drug-driver-sentenced-following-major-collision/
title: Dangerous drug driver sentenced following major collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dangerous-drug-driver-sentenced-following-major-collision/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 01:22pm

A driver who used drugs before causing a serious collision in which two innocent people were seriously hurt has been sentenced.

Aaron Tinker, 30, admitted two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, and driving while over the proscribed drug drive limit.

Tinker, of Seacroft, Leeds, lost control of his 1 Series BMW at the junction of Hall Green Lane, Dunkeswick Lane and the A658 in North Rigton near Harrogate and ploughed into two cars.

A man and a woman, who were travelling in different cars, both sustained serious injuries. Fortunately, there were no fatalities.

He was found to have cannabis in his system and tests showed he was over the prescribed drug drive limit at the time of the collision, in mid-March last year.

He appeared at York Crown Court yesterday (17.03.16), where he received a 21-month suspended prison sentence with 280 hours of unpaid community work. He was also banned from driving for three years and ordered to pay £1,500 in court costs.

Following the sentencing, Sergeant Julian Pearson of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group said: "This case clearly highlights the potentially-lethal combination of drugs and driving.

"This was a horrific collision that left two innocent motorists with serious and sustained injuries. The saving grace is that, miraculously, nobody was killed.

"New drug driving laws were introduced just days before this incident. This ensured we could not only charge Tinker with dangerous driving, we could also hold him to account for the very stupid decision he made to get behind the wheel after consuming drugs.

Posted on 8 March 2016 at 01:21pm in News stories
