```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-25T14:45:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating a three vehicle collision near North Rigton are appealing for a woman to come forward who attended to one of the drivers
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to good samaritan following North Rigton crash - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-good-samaritan-following-north-rigton-crash/
title: Appeal to good samaritan following North Rigton crash
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-to-good-samaritan-following-north-rigton-crash/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police investigating a three vehicle collision near North Rigton are appealing for a woman to come forward who attended to one of the drivers

A woman in her 50s who was driving a Mercedes, sustained serious head and back injuries in the crash and received first aid at the scene from a passing woman.

Officers want to trace the woman who stopped and are appealing for her to contact them as soon as possible.

The injured woman driver was taken to Leeds General Infirmary and has since been discharged from hospital.

To recap, the collision happened at around 4pm on Friday 13 March 2015 at the junction of Dunkeswick Lane and Hall Green Lane on the A658, Poole to Harrogate road, when a dark blue BMW 1 series, was in collision with an Audi TT and the Mercedes.

The driver of the Audi TT, a man in his 50s from Harrogate, sustained slight injuries and was taken to Harrogate District Hospital.

The driver of the BMW, a 29-year-old man from Leeds sustained minor injuries and was taken to Harrogate District Hospital and subsequently arrested in connection with the collision. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

The passenger in the BMW, a man in his 20s, also from Leeds, sustained serious back injuries and was taken to Leeds General Infirmary. He has since been discharged from hospital.

The woman who attended the injured driver and anyone else who witnessed the collision or saw the BMW prior to the crash is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Steve James or email Steve.James117@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The road was closed for around eight hours to allow the casualties to be treated and recovered and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene.

Posted on 25 March 2015 at 02:45pm in News stories
