```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-20T12:38:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "As part of Operation Cracker, Police Community Support Officers, Cybercrime Ambassadors and Police Volunteers, joined by NatWest Bank, will be taking part in a programme of events in libraries, supermarkets and garden centres over the winter months. Sergeant Harriet Williamson, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: \u201CCyber-enabled fraud is on the rise, and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Cracker.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police team up with bank for community campaign to fight fraud - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-team-up-with-bank-for-community-campaign-to-fight-fraud/
title: Police team up with bank for community campaign to fight fraud
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-team-up-with-bank-for-community-campaign-to-fight-fraud/
```

Last modified: 20 November 2019 at 12:38pm

Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Police Team and NatWest Bank have announced a joint initiative to help prevent local residents falling victim to fraudsters.

As part of Operation Cracker, Police Community Support Officers, Cybercrime Ambassadors and Police Volunteers, joined by NatWest Bank, will be taking part in a programme of events in libraries, supermarkets and garden centres over the winter months.

Sergeant Harriet Williamson, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Cyber-enabled fraud is on the rise, and is one of North Yorkshire Police’s key priorities.

“Anyone can be a potential victim. Those committing these offences do not discriminate by social status or geographical location, particularly when it comes to technology-enabled scams. People of all ages are affected, including those who are financially or technologically sophisticated and confident – but within the diversity of victims, older people may be particularly vulnerable.

“Fraud is also a major threat to older people’s financial security and overall health and wellbeing. In some cases they are stripped of their life savings within very short periods of time, impacting severely on their physical and mental health.”

NatWest Community Banker Liam Bamforth said: “We see this initiative as a fantastic opportunity for us to meet the public face-to-face at the same time as working alongside the Eastfield Neighbourhood Police Team, helping to tackle online and telephone fraud. Older people are often vulnerable to telephone fraud and in talking to them during this operation we, along with the police, are able to explain the warning signs.”

The fraud events are part of Operation Cracker, a winter initiative on the East Coast to keep older residents safe during the run-up to Christmas and into the New Year.

It will also see police officers and PCSOs working alongside teams of volunteers and partner agencies, calling on residents – young and old – in areas where there is a high proportion of older or vulnerable people.

Partners supporting the initiative include: McCain Foods, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, NatWest Bank, Scarborough and Ryedale Carers Resource, Filey Lions, Beyond Housing and North Yorkshire County Council’s Road Safety Partnership 95 Alive.

The events in November and December will take place as follows:

 * Irton Garden Centre - Saturday 23 November
 * Eastfield Community Centre - Tuesday 26 November
 * Deans Garden Centre - Wednesday 27 November
 * Tesco, Filey - Friday 6 December
 * Hunmanby Spring Café - Saturday 7 December
 * Lions Christmas Lunch, Filey - Saturday 7 December
 * Filey Library - Wednesday 18 December

Posted on 20 November 2019 at 12:38pm in News stories
