```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:26:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-21T14:25:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: This is an update in relation to the incident in Pickering last night (20 October 2015) which officers are treating as an aggravated burglary.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UPDATE - Incident in Pickering on the night of 20 October 2015 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-incident-pickering-night-20-october-2015/
title: UPDATE - Incident in Pickering on the night of 20 October 2015
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-incident-pickering-night-20-october-2015/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:26pm

This is an update in relation to the incident in Pickering last night (20 October 2015) which officers are treating as an aggravated burglary.

he three men who were arrested shortly after the incident remain in police custody.

Enquiries are ongoing to trace the outstanding suspects.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw the occupants of a metallic blue Ford Transit van that was abandoned near Yates and Son on Railway Street in Malton, to contact them. The vehicle was abandoned at the location with the engine running. Before stopping, it is believed that the vehicle had collided with bollards in the street. The van has been seized by the investigation team.

To recap, police were called at around 7.50pm on the night of Tuesday 20 October 2015 to reports that a man had been threatened by five men who entered his caravan on Manor Drive in Pickering and stole valuables before leaving the scene in a metallic blue van. The victim was not injured during the incident.

Police officers began searching the area around Pickering, Malton and the roads leading out of the area. Air support was provided by helicopter from the National Police Air Service.

Two men were arrested a short time later and were taken into police custody. A third man was arrested at around 10pm. All three men, who are aged in their 20s, remain in custody.

Anyone with any information about the incident itself, or relating to the abandoned blue Transit van, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Serious Crime Team at Scarborough.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 0504 of 20 October 2015.

21 October 2015

Posted on 21 October 2015 at 02:25pm in News stories
