```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-19T14:01:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a number of incidents that occurred in York City Centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following incident in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-incident-york/
title: Appeal for witnesses following incident in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-incident-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a number of incidents that occurred in York City Centre.

Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward following a number of incidents that occurred around the Exhibition Square and Clarence Street area of York.

The incidents took place between 10pm and 10.30pm on Tuesday 18 April 2017, when it is believed a man attempted to steal property from a number of women.

The man is described as mixed race, in his early 20's, with hair that had a shaved line down the side. He was wearing a black tracksuit with white stripes.

We are currently conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding these incidents.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rachel Shaw. You can also email Rachel.Shaw289@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-18042017-0516.

Contact details:
 Rachel Shaw \- #289
Rachel.Shaw@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101/30289
Incident reference:
 nyp-18042017-0516
Posted on 19 April 2017 at 02:01pm in Local appeals
