```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-18T08:27:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Whitegate Close, Staithes at 1.35am hours on 13 July 2016 and involved the theft of tools and copper from an outbuilding by three males in a dark coloured car, possibly a Ford Fiesta. The vehicle fled the area after the males were disturbed. We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public\u2019s [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/07//DSCF4093.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary in Staithes - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-house-burglary-staithes/
title: Appeal following burglary in Staithes
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-house-burglary-staithes/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Staithes.

It happened on Whitegate Close, Staithes at 1.35am hours on 13 July 2016 and involved the theft of tools and copper from an outbuilding by three males in a dark coloured car, possibly a Ford Fiesta. The vehicle fled the area after the males were disturbed.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for any witnesses to the dark coloured car driving away from the Staithes area towards Boulby Mine, at speed, with its boot lid open, especially if registration details are known.

We are also appealing for any information to the whereabouts of black storage boxes stamped with Royal Mail and British Gas markings (as pictured) stolen during the incident.These boxes may have been discarded after the vehicle left the Staithes area.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 1517 Neil Graham.
You can also email neil.graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number number 12160123820.

Date 17 July 2016

Contact details:
 Neil Graham \- #1517
neil.graham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31517
Incident reference:
 12160123820
Posted on 18 July 2016 at 08:27am in Local appeals
