```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-01-25T15:51:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The sentences handed to Jermaine Cunningham and Jaime Johnson were welcomed by detectives at North Yorkshire Police, who said their crimes \u201Cruin lives and rot communities\u201D. Cunningham, 31, from Longwood Road, Huddersfield, was arrested in September 2015 in a vehicle on Victoria Road, Scarborough. Police found class-A drugs in his possession and Scarborough Serious Crime [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/01/Jermaine-Cunningham-080187.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough drugs duo jailed for more than a decade - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-drugs-duo-jailed/
title: Scarborough drugs duo jailed for more than a decade
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-drugs-duo-jailed/
```

Last modified: 25 January 2018 at 03:51pm

A man and woman who planned to supply heroin and crack cocaine in Scarborough have today been jailed for a total of 11 years.

The sentences handed to Jermaine Cunningham and Jaime Johnson were welcomed by detectives at North Yorkshire Police, who said their crimes “ruin lives and rot communities”.

Cunningham, 31, from Longwood Road, Huddersfield, was arrested in September 2015 in a vehicle on Victoria Road, Scarborough.

Police found class-A drugs in his possession and Scarborough Serious Crime Team launched an investigation.

The investigation led detectives to Johnson, 41, who lived in Cross Street, Scarborough at the time of the offences and was helping Cunningham _(pictured)_ run his drugs business.

Both were charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine. Cunningham was also charged with dangerous driving.

Cunningham pleaded guilty while Johnson opted to go to trial, which took place at Leeds Crown Court on 15 January this year.

On Monday, 22 January 2018 she was found guilty and remanded in custody for sentence.

A judge at Leeds Crown Court today sentenced Cunningham to seven-and-a-half years in jail and Johnson to three-and-a-half years.

After the hearing, Detective Constable James Temple, who led the case for North Yorkshire Police, said: “During this investigation, we were able to piece together evidence that linked Cunningham and Johnson and uncover a conspiracy to supply dangerous drugs in the Scarborough area.

“It’s devastating to see the damage caused by heroin and cocaine – they rot communities and they ruin people’s lives.

“Criminals like Cunningham and Johnson don’t care about that, but we do. So I’m glad that today’s sentences reflect the severity of the offences they committed and take them off our streets.”

Posted on 25 January 2018 at 03:51pm in News stories
