```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:33:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-12T12:32:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police custody detentions under section 136 of the Mental Health Act have dropped dramatically over the past three years.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/S136custody_infograph-300x268.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Latest figures show 80 per cent drop in mental health act custody detentions - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/latest-figures-show-80-per-cent-drop-mental-health-act-custody-detentions/
title: Latest figures show 80 per cent drop in mental health act custody detentions
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/latest-figures-show-80-per-cent-drop-mental-health-act-custody-detentions/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:33pm

North Yorkshire Police custody detentions under section 136 of the Mental Health Act have dropped dramatically over the past three years.

The number of people taken to police custody after being detained under the act have reduced from 278 in 2013/14, to 57 during 2015/16 - a reduction of 80 percent.

This welcome drop comes after a range of improvements were introduced across North Yorkshire in partnership with the NHS.

People who are detained under the act need professional mental health care which cannot be given by the police or at a police station.

North Yorkshire Police has worked relentlessly over the past two years to improve the response to people in mental health crisis to ensure they get the most appropriate care when they come to the attention of the police.

Inspector Bill Scott of North Yorkshire Police who leads the force's mental health development, said: "The reduction is down to an immense amount of work by the force and by partner agencies. From the introduction of health-based places of safety, to providing mental health nurses who assist emergency call takers in our control room, we have made massive changes over the past two years to improve our response to people in crisis.

"People may be wondering why there were still 57 people taken into police custody. This could be for a number of reasons, from there being no space in a place of safety, or being unmanageably violent, or they may have committed a criminal offence. Sadly a large proportion - around 40 percent - of people who we come into contact with, suffer some kind of mental illness."

Insp Scott added: "One of the aims of North Yorkshire Police is to never have a person under 18 in mental health crisis in a police custody environment. I am pleased to say that during 2015-16, we have achieved this, with no-one under 18 being taken direct to custody and just one out of the 32 young people detained under the act, taken to a place of safety first and then to custody.

"Regrettably though, the total number of people detained under the act, whether at a place of safety or in custody has gone up over the years, reflecting the situation elsewhere in the country. This only underlines the vital need for mental health to be viewed in the same light as physical health and resourced accordingly".

Since January 2014, four health-based places of safety have been established in Scarborough, York, Northallerton and Harrogate, mental health triage teams serving Scarborough, Ryedale, York, Selby and Easingwold have been introduced along with metal health nurses based in the Force Control Room.

Health-based places of safety are staffed by mental health professionals where a person in mental health crisis can be taken rather than an unsuitable and inappropriate police custody cell. Triage teams work with officers on the ground or in the control room to provide on-the-spot advice, as well as providing the appropriate care and support to the person in difficulty.

North Yorkshire Police is also a key partner in the Connect project - a mental health research and development programme which was set up in partnership with the University of York after a successful bid of £1m from the College of Policing's Police Knowledge Fund. One of the aims of the project is to develop mental health training for police officers across the country. To find out more about the Connect project click here

12 May 2016

Posted on 12 May 2016 at 12:32pm in News stories
