```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-09T16:43:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-09T16:29:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have signed up to the Dementia Friends scheme to help officers, staff and volunteers become more dementia aware. To qualify as Dementia Friends, the cadets took part in a dementia awareness presentation where they learned key facts about dementia, performed tasks and were asked to consider how they could turn their understanding [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/12/York-Cadet-dementia-friends.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Volunteer Police Cadets become Dementia Friends - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-police-cadets-become-dementia-friends/
title: Volunteer Police Cadets become Dementia Friends
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-police-cadets-become-dementia-friends/
```

Last modified: 9 December 2016 at 04:43pm

20 Volunteer Police Cadets from York and their leaders have become Dementia Friends thanks to an Alzheimer’s Society initiative.

North Yorkshire Police have signed up to the Dementia Friends scheme to help officers, staff and volunteers become more dementia aware.

To qualify as Dementia Friends, the cadets took part in a dementia awareness presentation where they learned key facts about dementia, performed tasks and were asked to consider how they could turn their understanding into action in their local community. The initiative builds on the work North Yorkshire Police have carried out to launch the Herbert Protocol - a scheme that helps the police find people with dementia who have gone missing.

Sergeant Yvonne Taylor, who is a dementia champion at North Yorkshire Police, delivered the session at cadet training night at Askham Bryan College last Wednesday (7 December 2016). She said: “Being able to recognise the signs of dementia is very important when we are interacting with members of the public and working to keep them safe.

“It’s great that we can spread this awareness to younger members of the force and the wider community through our Volunteer Police Cadet scheme. Our cadets are a fantastic bunch of enthusiastic young people who embraced the course and were a pleasure to work with. I look forward to hearing about how they’ve put their knowledge into practice.”

Volunteer Police Cadet Elliot Jackson, said: “It has completely changed my perception of dementia and widened my understanding of the issues.”

VPC Katarzyna Berdys added: “The input was definitely eye-opening, I am much more aware of dementia now.”

The Alzheimer's Society's goal is to make 4 million Dementia Friends by 2020. For more information about the scheme visit _www.dementiafriends.org.uk_For more information about the Herbert Protocol visit _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/herbertprotocol_

Posted on 9 December 2016 at 04:29pm in News stories
