```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T09:15:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-03T09:14:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police has been ranked good in all categories following an inspection by Her Majesty&#039;s Inspector of Constabulary (HMIC). This is HMIC&#039;s second PEEL assessment of the effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy with which North Yorkshire Police keeps people safe and reduces crime. PEEL (police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy)
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/New-Image-Crest-232x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police ranked good in latest Government inspection - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-ranked-good-latest-government-inspection/
title: North Yorkshire Police ranked good in latest Government inspection
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-ranked-good-latest-government-inspection/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 09:15am

North Yorkshire Police has been ranked good in all categories following an inspection by Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabulary (HMIC). This is HMIC's second PEEL assessment of the effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy with which North Yorkshire Police keeps people safe and reduces crime. PEEL (police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy)

To read the report click _here_

Mike Cunningham, who is Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabulary for North Yorkshire Police said: "I am very pleased with the performance of North Yorkshire Police in keeping people safe and reducing crime.

"I was impressed by the way the force works with partners to tackle local problems, and also by the understanding throughout the force of the importance of preventing crime and anti-social behaviour. The force has made significant strides this year to improve the quality of its crime investigations. It works well with others to manage repeat, dangerous and sexual offenders. However, it needs to ensure that it provides a consistent quality service to the most vulnerable people, including victims of domestic abuse.

"The force has successfully reduced its spending in such a way that protects local policing. I am pleased that it is developing its financial planning and management in order to meet the challenges ahead.

"I am satisfied that the force has a good understanding of the needs of the people of North Yorkshire and that most officers and staff treat people fairly and with respect.

"In the year ahead, I will be particularly interested to see how the force improves the service it provides to vulnerable victims, particularly those who are victims of domestic abuse. I'll also be interested to see how the force improves its understanding of stop and search."

Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Dave Jones, said: "Once again, we welcome another positive inspection report from HMIC. The report ranks North Yorkshire Police as good in all categories, placing us among the best police forces in England and Wales. This is no accident and reflects the commitment and hard work of our workforce and partner agencies in tackling crime and keeping people safe and secure.

"The report acknowledges the major changes we have made in how we operate and our investment in technology, which is designed to improve our service, enhance how we tackle crime and keep officers visible within our communities.

"We acknowledge the feedback from HMIC regarding improving the service delivered to vulnerable people and supporting victims. However, as recently announced we are confident this will be addressed with the £3m investment to develop the Serious Crime Team and establish a new Non-recent Child Abuse Investigation Team and an Online Investigation team for child sexual exploitation."

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire added: "I am very pleased to see North Yorkshire Police graded as 'good' against all three areas of assessment. The Chief Constable and I have worked hard to ensure North Yorkshire Police is fighting fit, despite budget reductions, and that the police service is ready and able to meet the challenges of 21st century policing. I particularly welcome the comment that we have been successful in preserving neighbourhood policing, cuts notwithstanding. In addition, my investment in technology and services to better protect vulnerable people will ensure the police continues to improve and evolve. Thanks must also go to the officers, staff and volunteers who make North Yorkshire Police what it is."

"Moreover, our 'good' grading does not mean we will be complacent - we have desire to go from 'good to great', and this will continue to be our goal. It's also important to remember that victims too need additional support. Over the past few years I have committed additional funding and resources into improving services, especially for the most vulnerable including victims of domestic and child abuse. This comes from listening carefully to victims and the public and responding to people's needs."

Posted on 3 February 2016 at 09:14am in News stories
