```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-15T09:27:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York are urging homeowners to protect their property in the run-up to Christmas.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/08/baubles.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Festive crime prevention advice for York residents - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/festive-crime-prevention-advice-york-residents/
title: Festive crime prevention advice for York residents
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/festive-crime-prevention-advice-york-residents/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police in York are urging homeowners to protect their property in the run-up to Christmas.

Although the city is an extremely safe place, with low levels of crime, burglars may try to take advantage of the festive season to target homes and outbuildings.

Patrols are being stepped up, with crime prevention operations taking place across the city, in residential areas and shopping centres. Officers are also calling on people to take extra steps to ensure their properties are secure against criminals, to avoid their Christmas being ruined by crime.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: “York residents should be reassured that they live in a very safe place, and any burglaries will be taken extremely seriously and robustly investigated.

“However, it’s important that you help us you, by doing your bit to secure your home. Leave it until the last minute to put Christmas presents out under the tree – and don’t leave them in view of a window. If you are buying or receiving valuable gifts such as bikes, mobiles or computers, register them for free at www.immobilise.com, and consider getting them security marked at one of our free dot peen sessions.

“A secure home will reduce the chance of you being burgled. Make sure windows and doors are locked, and keys removed from sight, every time you leave the house. When you go out at night, make it appear that someone is home. Leave a light on, pull the curtains – even consider a radio on a timer switch. If you’re going away, cancel any deliveries and inform trusted neighbours so they can keep an eye on your property.

“Dispose of packaging carefully by breaking it down before putting it in the bin. Empty boxes left outside can advertise that you have expensive new goods inside. And ensure your home contents insurance adequately covers any additional items you have in your home over Christmas.

“I would also ask people to register themselves on North Yorkshire Community Messaging so they can receive updates on crime in their area and crime prevention advice. By following this advice, we hope you and yours will have a very enjoyable and safe Christmas.”

For more information about home security and property marking, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad – just search for “Securing your home” on iTunes.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen. The service is offered free to York residents – look out for drop-in sessions in the city on Facebook, and on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen

Signing up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging is free, and only takes a few minutes. The new app is available via the App Store for iPhone and iPad, and Google Play for Android devices. Just search for “North Yorkshire Community Messaging” or visit www.nycm.co.uk

North Yorkshire Police has also released a music video called “Help us help you”, which pays homage to the festive favourite “We wish you a Merry Christmas”. The lyrics, sung by an eclectic mix of police officers, Force Control Room team members, police staff and even a police dog, PD Buzz, have been adapted to highlight key safety and security messages. Watch it online at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/christmas

Posted on 15 December 2016 at 09:27am in News stories
