```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-26T11:13:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York, Cawood and Selby are currently experiencing unprecedented levels of flooding, with rivers expected to peak during the evening and early hours of tomorrow morning.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Flooding in North Yorkshire - Statement from DCC Tim Madgwick - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/flooding-north-yorkshire-statement-dcc-tim-madgwick/
title: Flooding in North Yorkshire - Statement from DCC Tim Madgwick
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/flooding-north-yorkshire-statement-dcc-tim-madgwick/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

York, Cawood and Selby are currently experiencing unprecedented levels of flooding, with rivers expected to peak during the evening and early hours of tomorrow morning.

North Yorkshire Police are requesting that visitors to the area, or those wanting to view the floods, do not visit York or Selby district at this time and delay their visit until flood risk has passed.

DCC Tim Madgwick, Gold Commander said: "We would advise people not to visit the affected areas of York and Selby at this time of high risk. Many major routes into York and Selby are currently flooded and travel in and around these areas is very challenging."

"Routes that are open and passable are critical to emergency services to access to those who need support. We would ask people who do not need to travel to York , Selby and Selby district to delay their visit until the flood risk has passed."

"The risk is being constantly monitored through a multi-agency approach. As flood waters are currently rising, we expected a clearer picture of maximum levels tomorrow, when they peak."

"To residents and business owners - if you are contacted by emergency or support agencies and asked to evacuate your property, we realise the inconvenience and disruption, but please be assured that all risks will have been assessed and the decision to evacuate will have been made with your safety and best interest in mind."

The latest flood warning information can be access here _https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/map_

You can also follow @EnvAgencyYNE and #floodaware on Twitter for the latest updates. Or call Floodline on 0345 9881188.

Keep up to date with the weather forecast and weather warnings at _www.metoffice.gov.uk_ or tune in to your local BBC radio station.

Posted on 26 December 2015 at 11:13am in News stories
