```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-01T14:17:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police recognises the contribution of volunteers and asks you to join its awareness ccampaign for Volunteers&#039; Week 2019.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Time-to-celebrate.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police celebrates Volunteers&#039; Week 2019 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-celebrates-volunteers-week-2019/
title: North Yorkshire Police celebrates Volunteers' Week 2019
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-celebrates-volunteers-week-2019/
```

Last modified: 1 June 2019 at 03:17pm

North Yorkshire Police is marking Volunteers' Week 2019 with a week-long social media campaign to highlight the contribution of volunteers in the police Force.

The campaign starts by highlighting the Special Constabulary, who last year gave more than 35,000 hours of time to policing activities at North Yorkshire Police,. It then goes on to mark the Force's 325 Police Support Volunteers: dedicated people who bring a huge variety of skills to a range of different roles, and who have given thousands of hours of service in 2019 alone. The campaign then salutes young volunteers by spotlighting Police Cadets as well as their Cadet Leaders.

Says Natasha Almond, the Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager at North Yorkshire Police, "It's really important that we recognise and celebrate the fantastic work of volunteers within North Yorkshire Police. Volunteers don't replace employed Police Officers and Police Staff, but they do carry out important activities that complement the work of our regular employees. Our volunteers say that they find it hugely rewarding to work as part of Team NYP, as it can give you a chance to broaden your experience, learn new skills and give something back to the community. But the police service also benefits hugely from having access to a wealth of talent and experience across all ages and walks of life. It's great to remind people about that during Volunteers' Week."

Members of the public who want to show their support for North Yorkshire Police's volunteers can join in by downloading the campaign poster from our campaigns page, and posting a selfie on Twitter with the poster under the hashtag #NYPvolunteers2019. North Yorkshire Police will publish a collection of the pictures of support at the end of Volunteers' Week.

Posted on 1 June 2019 at 03:17pm in News stories
