```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-29T16:37:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-27T15:44:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England&#8230; and one of the most beautiful. We reckon a sprinkling of the white stuff makes it look even better! Here are some of our favourite snow pics and videos. Snow patrol &#8211; we&#8217;re on duty 24/7, working to keep you safe, in even the most [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/02/IMG_20150301_154923079.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Snow patrol: policing North Yorkshire, whatever the weather - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/snow-patrol-policing-north-yorkshire/
title: 'Snow patrol: policing North Yorkshire, whatever the weather'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/snow-patrol-policing-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 29 March 2018 at 05:37pm

**North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England … and one of the most beautiful. We reckon a sprinkling of the white stuff makes it look even better! Here are some of our favourite snow pics and videos.**

* * *

Snow patrol - we're on duty 24/7, working to keep you safe, in even the most difficult conditions.

* * *

Officers headed out to the Yorkshire Dales on a snowy day in December 2017 - but we weren't sightseeing. This was part of a successful operation to ensure that off-road bikers were safe and legal.

Unfortunately, the irresponsible use of off-road vehicles puts members of the public at risk, and causes damage to land, particularly when the weather is bad.

Remember, if you drive your trail bike, quad or similar off-road vehicle on the road it must be registered with the DVLA, taxed, insured, with a valid MOT certificate. There are no exemptions for vehicles designed for off-road use or for young people.

* * *

Visiting the local school, dropping in to a playgroup and meeting a community group in Embsay, near Skipton. All in a day's work for one North Yorkshire PCSO - and a beautiful view to boot!

* * *

Blues and minus-twos - when the weather takes a turn for the worse, it's extremely important that other road users can see you.

Don't forget to clear dirt and snow from your front and back lights. You must use headlights when visibility is seriously reduced. If you use fog lights, remember to switch them off when visibility improves, so they don't dazzle other drivers or obscure your brake lights.

* * *

Officers policing protests at the Kirby Misperton hydraulic fracturing site are redeployed to other duties whenever possible. So when snow hit Ryedale in November 2017, and protest activity was safe and peaceful, officers were able to deal with incidents related to the wintry weather instead.

A family with young children became stuck on Bulmer Hill near Sheriff Hutton. Luckily two officers with a 4×4 were on-hand to help - we gritted the road, and gave the family a lift home so their car could be recovered later.

* * *

Love at frost sight - a big kiss from PD Max, who didn't let the snow put him off when he tracked a suspected drunk driver from a vehicle and found them hiding in a stream in February 2018.

* * *

Ripon Neighbourhood Policing Team on patrol. The city's market place has never looked better!

* * *

Follow our expert advice to stay safe if you find yourself driving in snow. We have plenty more videos, covering winter motorbike safety, vehicle checks and driving safely in fog.

* * *

https://northyorkshire.police.uk/content/uploads/2018/02/Snow-in-York-@snayorknorth.mp4

Ice to see you - we rely on pedal power to get round our communities in York.

* * *

Our traffic cops are the experts on road safety, particularly when it comes to negotiating treacherous roads. Their advice? Before you set off on a journey:

 * Check brakes, lights, wiper blades, and oil and washer fluid levels
 * Ensure tyres meet legal requirements – and preferably a tread depth of 3mm
 * Carry water and de-icer in the car with you
 * If you are going on a longer journey, bring food, hot drinks, blankets and a fully-charged mobile phone
 * Always clear your windscreen properly of ice and snow before setting off

You can follow our Roads Policing Group on Twitter: @NYorksRPG, and on Facebook: North Yorkshire Roads Policing Group.

* * *

White place, white time - our Leyburn-based officers were there to assist when snow fell in Richmondshire. The community spirit is amazing round here, and it's great to see everyone pitching in to help out when conditions worsen.

* * *

Snow place like home - North Yorkshire is a fantastic place to live, work and visit. We're here to keep it that way!

Posted on 27 February 2018 at 03:44pm in News stories
