```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-08T22:27:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-09T05:00:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The overall judgement of the report was that North Yorkshire Police requires improvement &#8211; a downturn in the previous year&#8217;s position where the Force was assessed as good.\_ In particular HMICFRS recommended that the Force should do more to understand and mitigate the demands placed on the police service, and improve how it implements new [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police responds to the HMICFRS efficiency assessment - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-responds-hmicfrs-efficiency-assessment/
title: North Yorkshire Police responds to the HMICFRS efficiency assessment
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-responds-hmicfrs-efficiency-assessment/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2017 at 10:27pm

Today (Thursday 9 November 2017), Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services published its report on Police Efficiency for North Yorkshire Police.

The overall judgement of the report was that North Yorkshire Police requires improvement - a downturn in the previous year's position where the Force was assessed as good. In particular HMICFRS recommended that the Force should do more to understand and mitigate the demands placed on the police service, and improve how it implements new technology.

Commenting on the report, Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain of North Yorkshire Police, said:

"Policing is about keeping people safe, and overall as a Force we achieve some very positive results. North Yorkshire remains the safest county in England, we are one of only two Forces to have actually reduced crime in this inspection period, and our public confidence rate is the highest in the country. That makes it especially disappointing to receive such an out-of-character assessment, and we are absolutely determined to put that right.

"The actual HMICFRS inspection took place six months ago, and represents a snapshot of the situation at that time. Since then we have made progress against their recommendations.

"We have a dedicated team in place to look in depth at the demand on our service and the resources we need to handle it. We also have a major project, called Workforce 2025, to look at the skills we will need for the future.

"Through our Community Safety Hubs and Street Triage services we are working closely with council, healthcare providers and other partners on how we can deal effectively with repeat issues that place heavy demands on police time. We've seen some positive results already, and there are further initiatives to come.

"As HMICFRS identified, there have been delays in our plans to introduce our MAUDS tracker system into police vehicles, and provide IT tablets and special new policing software to our frontline officers, but these projects are now back on "green". The trackers are installed and working, and the tablets are going through their final testing phase in preparation for roll-out in the new year. The software we have developed is state-of-the-art and it will have a really positive impact on how efficiently we deal with incidents out on the frontline.

"We moved into our new HQ at Northallerton this year which will save us around £1m a year. We are on track to share offices with the Council in Selby during next year, and the Fire Service in Ripon the year after, which will further reduce our costs. We are also continuing to develop our collaboration with Cleveland and Durham police services. That has already given us extra resources to deal efficiently with major investigations in the crucial early stages of an investigation, and there is scope to do more.

"We want to be an efficient, as well as an effective Force, and we fully acknowledge that delays in implementing our efficiency plans have had an impact. However, with the progress we have already made against the HMICFRS's recommendations, and with our new technology programme on the cusp of going live, we are confident that we can - and will - do better."

Posted on 9 November 2017 at 05:00am in News stories
