```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-11T15:51:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Following reports received over the weekend, CRO members went to check on a \u2018highline\u2019 traverse which the team has rigged in Kingsdale Master Cave, in preparation for any possible incident during the upcoming European Speleological Congress (EuroSpeleo 2016). The high line traverse enables safe access and exit in the event of a major flooding event [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08//Caver-e1407757774414.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of cave rescue equipment - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-cave-rescue-equipment/
title: Theft of cave rescue equipment
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-cave-rescue-equipment/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a ‘highline’ traverse which the Cave Rescue Organisation (CRO) had rigged in Kingsdale Master Cave, in preparation for any possible incident during the upcoming European Speleological Congress (EuroSpeleo 2016).

Following reports received over the weekend, CRO members went to check on a ‘highline’ traverse which the team has rigged in Kingsdale Master Cave, in preparation for any possible incident during the upcoming European Speleological Congress (EuroSpeleo 2016). The high line traverse enables safe access and exit in the event of a major flooding event in the Kingsdale system.

Upon inspection, it was found that a substantial section of the traverse rope had been removed, together with many of the karabiners holding it in place. The theft of the equipment was being reported to North Yorkshire Police. The Cave Rescue Organisation condemns most strongly the removal of this essential safety equipment, which potentially places the lives of team members and other cavers at risk, and urge any member of the public with knowledge of this theft to contact the Police.

During Eurospeleo there is expected to be many cavers in the area from all parts of Britain and Europe, and the team will as usual be available to deal with any incident which may occur, whether below or above ground.

The theft is thought to have happened Kingsdale Master Cave between 2-4pm on Sunday 7 August 2016.

We are conducting enquiries and are appealing for information from anybody in the area at the time who may have information that will help with the investigation.

Please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Force Control Room. You can also email snacraven@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160143685

Follow us on Twitter: @nypcountrywatch
Date 10th August 2016

Contact details:
 Jane Carpenter \- #0188
snacraven@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk |
Incident reference:
 12160143685
Posted on 11 August 2016 at 03:51pm in Local appeals
