```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-19T14:28:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident happened at Costcutter on Heworth Road at around 12.45pm yesterday. A man who is believed to be in his 20s entered the shop and passed the cashier a note demanding money from the till. He then showed the cashier what is described as a black hand gun in the waistband of his trousers. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Detectives investigate robbery at York shop - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-york-shop/
title: Detectives investigate robbery at York shop
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-york-shop/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Detectives are appealing for information after a man who was carrying a suspected firearm robbed a convenience store in York.

The incident happened at Costcutter on Heworth Road at around 12.45pm yesterday.

A man who is believed to be in his 20s entered the shop and passed the cashier a note demanding money from the till.

He then showed the cashier what is described as a black hand gun in the waistband of his trousers. The contents of the till were subsequently handed over and he left the store.

He is described as skinny, around 5ft 10ins tall and having short blonde or ginger hair. He wore a khaki-coloured hoody with zip front.

Officers launched an extensive investigation and are currently reviewing CCTV footage from the area and conducting door-to-door enquiries.

Detective Inspector Jackie Smart said: “Our detectives are working around the clock on this investigation but members of the public may have vital information that could help us.

“This incident happened in a relatively busy residential area at a time when people will have been out and about. So if you saw anything suspicious, no matter how insignificant it may seem, we’d like to hear from you.”

Detectives believe members of the public may have seen two men shouting nearby before running down Dales Lane. One continued down Dales Lane while the other turned right and ran into Harrison Street. They want to speak to anyone who witnessed this.

One is described as 5ft 11ins tall, medium build with short dark hair, tight blue jeans and a greyish hoodie. He wore blue and white trainers.

The other was smaller - 5ft 7ins or 5ft 8ins - medium build with short light brown hair. He wore dark blue jogging bottoms, a green cardigan with a zip and a light-coloured t-shirt underneath.

Investigators have yet to establish whether they were involved in the incident.

Anyone with information that could help the investigation should contact York Serious Crime Team on 01609 643279 . You can also email SCT_York@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12180130457 when passing on information.

**MEDIA GUIDANCE: Please be aware that the business owner and staff are understandably shaken by this incident and have asked that the media do not approach them, as they do not wish to speak to reporters.**

****

Posted on 19 July 2018 at 03:28pm in News stories
