```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:08:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-08T10:06:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information after a woman was robbed in Tadcaster.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after woman robbed in Tadcaster - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-robbed-tadcaster/
title: Appeal after woman robbed in Tadcaster
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-robbed-tadcaster/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information after a woman was robbed in Tadcaster.

Just before 8.30am on the morning of Friday 8 April 2016 the woman, who is aged in her 40s, was walking through a cut between Manor Road and Wighill Lane when she was approached by a man from the direction of Wighill Lane.

The man grabbed her handbag and tried to pull it from her, but she resisted and tried to hang onto it, only letting go after the man punched her in the face.

The woman did not need hospital treatment, but was very shaken up by what happened.

The suspect is described as white, aged in his twenties, wearing a blue tracksuit and riding a blue cycle. The victim's handbag contained her purse, a quantity of cash and her Samsung mobile phone.

Police are appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident, can help identify the suspect, or finds a discarded handbag or purse, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Constable Simon Fricke of York Serious Crime Team on 01904 669519. Or emailsimon.fricke@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160060453 when passing on information.

8 April 2016

Posted on 8 April 2016 at 10:06am in News stories
