```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-11-03T17:42:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Nearly 100 vehicle offences were dealt with in October as a result of proactive patrols in North Yorkshire supporting the national month of activity to highlight tyre safety. Officers engaged with the public over a number of targeted operations totalling 18 hours through the month to raise awareness for drivers to check their tyres regularly [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/20201016_101144-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Advice given to hundreds of motorists as part of Tyre Safety Month in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/advice-given-to-hundreds-of-motorists-as-part-of-tyre-safety-month-in-north-yorkshire/
title: Advice given to hundreds of motorists as part of Tyre Safety Month in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/advice-given-to-hundreds-of-motorists-as-part-of-tyre-safety-month-in-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 3 November 2020 at 05:42pm

North Yorkshire Police officers engage with 553 motorists across the county as part of the NPCC & TyreSafe’s annual Tyre Safety Month campaign.

Nearly 100 vehicle offences were dealt with in October as a result of proactive patrols in North Yorkshire supporting the national month of activity to highlight tyre safety.

Officers engaged with the public over a number of targeted operations totalling 18 hours through the month to raise awareness for drivers to check their tyres regularly and understand the importance of correct tread depth, air pressure and tyre condition. During the checks 553 motorists were spoken to and had their tyres checked at the roadside. Of this number, 18 per cent required further action, including:

 * 10 Traffic Offence Reports were issued (4 for tyres and 6 for number plates)
 * 1 report for summons issued and a prohibition given for driving with 2 bald tyres
 * 2 Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme forms issued
 * 1 arrest for taking without consent
 * 68 tyre offences dealt with.

A number of other motorists were given words of advice around specific issues such as lighting, number plate and seatbelt offences.

The campaign takes place every October and is used to advise and encourage drivers to make sure that they regularly check their tyres for any damage, wear or deflation that could potentially put their safety or the safety of other road users at risk.

North Yorkshire Police Traffic Constable, Jamie Lord, said:

“Through the campaign and our proactive patrols, we want to make it clear just how important correctly maintained tyres are in reducing collisions. As tyres are the only part of your vehicle that come into contact with the road, they are an important feature which affect your car’s acceleration, the effectiveness of your braking and steering - so correct maintenance is essential for both the safety and performance of your vehicle.”

For further information on Nation Tyre Safety Month please visit www.tyresafe.org or www.treadbuddy.co.uk.

Posted on 3 November 2020 at 05:42pm in News stories
