```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-09T14:25:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Braeburn/Lowfield, Eastfield at 4pm on 7 August 2016 when a 20-year-old woman was pushed by another woman, causing her to fall to the floor and sustain injuries, including a cut to her head. We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in Eastfield, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault/
title: Appeal following assault in Eastfield, Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Eastfield, Scarborough.

It happened on Braeburn/Lowfield, Eastfield at 4pm on 7 August 2016 when a 20-year-old woman was pushed by another woman, causing her to fall to the floor and sustain injuries, including a cut to her head.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the woman who pushed the victim and a male she was in company with who she was having an arguement with just before the assault.

The suspect female is described as white, 5"6 of large build with blonde shoulder length straight hair. She was wearing a white top with a motif and black leggings and scruffy old trainers. The male was white and shorter in height than the female with skinny build and short brown hair. He was wearing a dark blue denim jacket.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gemma Johnson. You can also email Gemma.Johnson246@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160142261

Contact details:
 Gemma Johnson \- #0246
Gemma.Johnson246@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160142261
Posted on 9 August 2016 at 02:25pm in Local appeals
