```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-03T16:27:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-03T16:30:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Witnesses or anyone with information, CCTV or dash-cam footage of the incident are urged to come forward. If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or make a report online to www.crimestoppers-uk.org. Please quote reference [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "***UPDATE*** York: Suspected violent incident at Clifton \u2013 five men arrested as witnesses urged to come forward - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-suspected-violent-incident-at-clifton-five-men-arrested-as-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
title: "***UPDATE*** York: Suspected violent incident at Clifton \u2013 five men arrested as witnesses urged to come forward"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-suspected-violent-incident-at-clifton-five-men-arrested-as-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2021 at 04:27pm

The five men arrested in connection with the violent incident on Wilberforce Avenue, Clifton, York, at around 7.45pm on Monday 1 February 2021, have been released on conditional bail to the end of February while enquiries continue.

Witnesses or anyone with information, CCTV or dash-cam footage of the incident are urged to come forward.

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or make a report online to www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote reference number 12210051642 when providing details about this incident.

**Original appeal - 2 February 2021**

**York: Suspected violent incident at Clifton – five men arrested as witnesses urged to come forward**

Police in York have arrested five men in connection with a violent incident in the Clifton area.

Officers were alerted to an address on Crombie Avenue just before 9pm on Monday (1 February 2021) by the ambulance service.

A man aged in his early 40s and a man aged in his late 20s required hospital treatment for none life-threatening injuries.

A man aged in his late 40s did not require treatment.

All three have been arrested in connection with the investigation and remain in custody for questioning.

Police enquiries led to the arrest of two other men aged in their early 30s and mid-20s on Tuesday afternoon.

They are also suspected of being involved in the violent altercation which is believed to have occurred on Wilberforce Avenue at around 7.45pm.

Officers are urging people to come forward with any information that could assist the investigation, including any households with private CCTV and motorists with dash-cams who were in the Wilberforce Avenue and Crombie Avenue area of Clifton on Monday evening.

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or make a report online to www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote reference number 12210051642 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 3 February 2021 at 04:30pm in News stories
