```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-14T19:17:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In the UK, and all around the world, Jewish adults and children celebrate the Jewish festival of lights called Hanukkah. This year, Hanukkah began at nightfall on 10 December and ends at nightfall on 18 December. Representatives from North Yorkshire Police (NYP) North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Greater Manchester Police and York Liberal Jewish [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/Hanukah-1-2-232x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: NYP celebrates Hanukkah - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nyp-celebrates-hanukkah/
title: NYP celebrates Hanukkah
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nyp-celebrates-hanukkah/
```

Last modified: 14 December 2020 at 07:17pm

Today, members of the Police and Fire Service and the Jewish community came together to celebrate Hanukkah.

In the UK, and all around the world, Jewish adults and children celebrate the Jewish festival of lights called Hanukkah.

This year, Hanukkah began at nightfall on 10 December and ends at nightfall on 18 December.

Representatives from North Yorkshire Police (NYP) North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Greater Manchester Police and York Liberal Jewish Community attended the small, socially distanced, event at NYP headquarters.

It is the first time NYP have marked this Jewish festival with an event.

**ACC Mark Pannone said:**

“It is really important to recognise different ethnicities and beliefs.

“As a police service, we deal with people from all different communities, and in order to provide the best possible service to those communities, we need to try and understand their cultures.

“Today is a first for NYP, and I am proud to have been part of this significant event, recognising Hanukkah and what it means to our Jewish communities in York and North Yorkshire”.

**Superintendent Mark Khan, Positive Action Lead for NYP, added:**

“Positive Action is a public service requirement, which is all about making it fair for everyone and ensuring those from under-represented groups have the same opportunities as everyone else.

“In order to achieve this, we are looking at our culture and processes to make sure we can support each and every member of NYP and the communities we serve.

“The more we learn about each other, the more inclusive we become.

“We recognise that being an inclusive organisation is important for the wellbeing of our current workforce, and we hope today’s event demonstrates to those thinking about joining the police, that we are determined to learn and effectively embrace difference.”

ACC Mark Pannone lights the main candle

Left to Right: PC Arfan Rahouf, Superintendent Mark Khan, Detective Superintendent Matt Walker, PC Cat Munster, Rabbi Walker and Moshe Rothstein (Special Constabulary Inspector GMP), ACC Pannone, Chief Fire Officer Andrew Brodie, and PC Dan Kirven Posted on 14 December 2020 at 07:17pm in News stories
