```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T11:04:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-15T11:04:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police have issued a warning to motorists to be vigilant when de-icing their cars after two were stolen from Norton near Malton this morning (15 February 2016).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police warning after cars stolen while de-icing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-warning-cars-stolen-de-icing/
title: Police warning after cars stolen while de-icing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-warning-cars-stolen-de-icing/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police have issued a warning to motorists to be vigilant when de-icing their cars after two were stolen from Norton near Malton this morning (15 February 2016).

UPDATED 16 February 2016

This is an update following the theft of the Volvo V40 and Kia Ceed that were stolen from Norton near Malton after the engines were left running while being de-iced on the morning of 15 February 2016.

Both vehicles have now been recovered.

The Kia was found abandoned in the Norton area yesterday (15 February 2016)

The Volvo was located in the County Durham area following a police pursuit yesterday afternoon.

A 20-year-old man from the Kirbymoorside area was arrested by Durham Constabulary in connection with the theft of the Volvo and on suspicion of motoring offences. He has been given police bail while enquiries continue.

ENDS

16 February 2016

*****************************************************************************************

The first vehicle, a silver, 2015 registered, Volvo V40 was stolen at around 6.55am from Leahurst Close while the owner left the vehicle with the engine running to de-frost the vehicle.

The second vehicle, a white, 2010 registered, Kia Ceed was stolen from The Chase at around 8am after the owner left the engine running and went into the house to get some water.

Sergeant Zak Ahmed of Malton police said: "It's vital that vehicles are defrosted properly and you have good, all-round visibility, however, vehicle owners should remain vigilant and either stay with their vehicle while defrosting it, or use a scraper and de-icer to de-frost their cars. Malton is a low crime area, and I can understand that people will have been off their guard in such a safe area, however, crime can and does happen in our town, so we ask that no-one, either in Malton or anywhere else, ever leaves their car unattended with the engine running.

"We currently have observations out for the two stolen cars, and if anyone saw any suspicious people or vehicles in the areas where the cars were stolen, contacts us urgently."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101, select option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12160027249 (Kia) or 12160027233 (Volvo).

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

15 February 2016

Posted on 15 February 2016 at 11:04am in News stories
