```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-11T09:14:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-21T17:41:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Each year the Force collects nominations for officers, staff and volunteers who have shown particular courage, compassion and inspiration in the course of their duties.\_\_A shortlist is selected and put to public vote. Past winners of the Public Choice Award include PC Richard Farrar, who single-handedly tackled an armed thief, PC Mike Tinsley for handling [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Web-image.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Public Choice Award 2018 - who wins? You decide! - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-choice-award-2018-who-wins-you-decide/
title: Public Choice Award 2018 - who wins? You decide!
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-choice-award-2018-who-wins-you-decide/
```

Last modified: 11 October 2018 at 10:14am

Members of the public are being asked to choose the winner of this year’s North Yorkshire Police Public Choice Award.

Each year the Force collects nominations for officers, staff and volunteers who have shown particular courage, compassion and inspiration in the course of their duties. A shortlist is selected and put to public vote.

Past winners of the Public Choice Award include PC Richard Farrar, who single-handedly tackled an armed thief, PC Mike Tinsley for handling a domestic knife attack and Sergeant Ed Simpson for his work in breaking down the stigma of mental illness in the blue light services.

This year the nominees include:

 * Police staff member Kim Wray, for her work with Police Cadets
 * PC Mike Barker, for saving a man from suicide
 * DS Angie Carey for her work safeguarding adults and children
 * PC Craig Davies and PC Richard O’Connell for tackling a knife-man in a domestic incident
 * DS Tracey Williams for her work on child safeguarding
 * The Rural Taskforce
 * Sergeant Amy Hunter for her campaign to create a memorial for a colleague murdered on duty
 * PCSO Angie Smith for supporting students and staff at a school in the aftermath of a gun-plot

To read about the nominees and place your vote, visit: www.northyorkshire.police.uk/award18 Voting closes at noon on 10 October.

Speaking about the Public Choice Award, North Yorkshire Police’s Chief Constable, Lisa Winward, said:

“Every day, there are officers, staff and volunteers who go the extra mile to keep the public safe. Most of the time that goes unseen, but the Public Choice Award is an opportunity for us to highlight some of their stories, and ask the public to show their support by placing a vote. Knowing that the work we do is valued by the public means so much to everyone who works for the police service; it really gives everyone a boost, and we are very much looking forward to finding out who will take the winning spot this year. ”

The Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan has championed the Public Choice Award since it was introduced in 2015, and will make the Award presentation at a ceremony in October. She said:

“The Public Choice Award is a showcase for the work the police do here in North Yorkshire – things that don’t always hit the headlines, but that make a real difference to the safety of our communities. We’ve had some great Public Choice winners in the past, and we’ve got some great nominees this year. I would urge everyone to get behind this year’s Award and cast a vote.”

The Public Choice Award will be announced at North Yorkshire Police’s Annual Awards ceremony in October. The ceremony is sponsored by Price Waterhouse Cooper Services, with additional support from the Police Federation, UNISON, the National Association of Retired Police Officers, the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire and the Police Mutual Society.

Posted on 21 September 2018 at 06:41pm in News stories
