```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-03-24T15:13:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Speaking today he said: \u201CWe are currently living through a situation that we have never experienced before, with many of us making radical changes to our daily lives in the fight against the COVID-19 virus. \u201CFor victims of domestic abuse, having to stay in close proximity with their abuser under these kinds of pressurised circumstances [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;We&#039;re here to assist you and keep you safe&quot; - Police send message to victims of domestic abuse - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/were-here-to-assist-you-and-keep-you-safe-police-send-message-to-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
title: '"We''re here to assist you and keep you safe" - Police send message to victims of domestic abuse'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/were-here-to-assist-you-and-keep-you-safe-police-send-message-to-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 24 March 2020 at 03:13pm

Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, lead for safeguarding, has sent a message to victims of domestic abuse.

Speaking today he said:

“We are currently living through a situation that we have never experienced before, with many of us making radical changes to our daily lives in the fight against the COVID-19 virus.

“For victims of domestic abuse, having to stay in close proximity with their abuser under these kinds of pressurised circumstances can increase the risk of violence and abuse they face.

“I want to make it clear to people who find themselves in this situation, North Yorkshire Police and our partner agencies are still working to protect the public and victims of domestic abuse. If you experience any form of abuse or violence please call the police on 101 or if an emergency please dial 999. We are here to assist you and keep you safe. If leaving the house will make you safer and protects you from domestic abuse, that is the right action to take. If you are spoken to by police, tell the officers it's due to domestic abuse, so that we can help you further.

“If you do not want to contact the police, there are still support service available to you online or on the phone. Please visit the IDAS website www.IDAS.org.uk to see the range of support and advice services they are continuing to offer or contact Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire who again are continuing to offer advice and support via their phone lines and website - www.supportingvictims.org

“If you are a friend, family member or neighbour and you are concerned about someone’s safety, there are steps you yourself can take to support them. Keep in touch with them regularly, check they are OK and consider setting up a line of communication that they can use to indicate to you that things are not ok at home. If you believe they are at risk – contact the police and report your concerns.

“The safety of all the residents of North Yorkshire still is and will remain our number one priority and we continue to be committed to serving our communities.”

Posted on 24 March 2020 at 03:13pm in News stories
