```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-21T18:54:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-21T18:53:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two have been charged, one remains under investigation and a further two who were arrested the previous week also remain under investigation. In the latest incident on the afternoon of Monday 20 January, two Manchester men aged 18 and 27 were arrested in the Minster Yard area of York following a short foot chase by [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrests and two charged as proactive drugs team continue county lines crackdown - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrests-and-two-charged-as-proactive-drugs-team-continue-county-lines-crackdown/
title: Five arrests and two charged as proactive drugs team continue county lines crackdown
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrests-and-two-charged-as-proactive-drugs-team-continue-county-lines-crackdown/
```

Last modified: 21 January 2020 at 06:54pm

Officers from our proactive county lines team in York, known as Operation Expedite, have seen three people arrested on suspicion of drug offences in the space of four days.

Two have been charged, one remains under investigation and a further two who were arrested the previous week also remain under investigation.

In the latest incident on the afternoon of Monday 20 January, two Manchester men aged 18 and 27 were arrested in the Minster Yard area of York following a short foot chase by plain clothed officers who spotted the suspects while on patrol in the Jewbury area.

The 27-year-old has since been charged with possessing cocaine with intent to supply, possessing amphetamine with intent to supply, possessing a knife, possessing criminal property (money believed to have been used in criminal activity) and assaulting a police officer.

He has been remanded in custody and will appear at York Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday 22 January 2020.

The 18-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply and possessing criminal property has been released on conditional bail to allow for further enquiries to be carried out.

In a separate incident on the afternoon of Friday 17 January, a man from London was arrested on the A64 when the car he was driving was intercepted by officers as it travelling towards York.

He has since been charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine and appeared at York Magistrates’ Court on 20 January where he was remanded in custody and sent to York Crown Court for trial on 17 February.

His arrest and charge follows two incidents in York, one on 8 January when an 18-year-old London man was arrested, and one on 14 January when a 23-year-old man, also from London, was arrested, both on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. They remain released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

Tackling county lines drug dealing remains a priority for North Yorkshire Police. Operation Expedite is active across all areas of the force and includes dedicated teams of officers based in York, Harrogate and Scarborough whose aim is to disrupt county lines drug dealing, safeguard vulnerable people and bring the criminals behind it to justice. They do this through highly visible policing and not so visible policing.

Your information is vital in helping us to do this. To find out more about how you can help and what to look out for, please follow this link

Posted on 21 January 2020 at 06:53pm in News stories
