```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-29T16:46:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information to help identify the two women in the CCTV images.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/ASDA-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following theft from Asda - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-theft-asda/
title: Appeal for information following theft from Asda
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-theft-asda/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police are appealing for information to help identify the two women in the CCTV images.

Officers want to speak to the women in connection with an incident at an Asda store in York in which an estimated £200 worth of goods was stolen.

The incident happened on Monday 24 April 2017. Two women entered the store on Jockey Lane, York at around 6.15pm and after filling their trolley they left with only paying for a small number of the items in their trolley at around 7.30pm.

One of the women is described as aged in her mid-twenties, around 5’9” tall and of slim build, with dark hair tied up in a bun and was wearing grey long sleeve top with dark grey skinny jeans and dark coloured plimsolls.

The second woman is described as slim build, aged in her mid-twenties, around 5’9” tall with tied up blonde hair that looked dyed. She was wearing a black short sleeved top and light blue skinny jeans and dark coloured shoes and was carrying a cream/white handbag over one shoulder.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to PC592 Lewis.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170070407 when passing on information.

****

Posted on 29 June 2017 at 05:46pm in News stories
