```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-06T18:49:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-06T18:03:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The new, volunteer officers were attested \u2013 which is which is when they are sworn in and given their warrant cards \u2013 in front of family and friends at Northallerton Magistrates\u2019 Court on Thursday evening (2 March 2017). Their attestation marks the end of three months of intensive training and they will now be assigned [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Special boost to North Yorkshire Police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-boost-north-yorkshire-police/
title: Special boost to North Yorkshire Police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-boost-north-yorkshire-police/
```

Last modified: 6 March 2017 at 06:49pm

Another eight new Special Constables have joined the ranks of North Yorkshire Police’s Special Constabulary, bringing the total attested so far this year to 19.

The new, volunteer officers were attested – which is which is when they are sworn in and given their warrant cards – in front of family and friends at Northallerton Magistrates’ Court on Thursday evening (2 March 2017).

Their attestation marks the end of three months of intensive training and they will now be assigned a tutor constable out on their beats, who will guide them through the next phase of their development, which could take up to two years.

One of the officers to be attested was Special Constable Paramjit (aka Pinki) Bilkhu who has been blogging about her experiences of being a student Special Constable on North Yorkshire Police’s website.

Pinki, who will be based in Selby, has detailed the highs and lows of the rigorous training course to help other potential specials get a feel for what it entails.

She said: “After completing my degree in Social Sciences, I knew I wanted to make a positive impact and give back to society, then the opportunity came up to apply for the Special Constabulary.

“After five months of pushing myself both physically and mentally, I’m really proud of how far I’ve come and what I’ve managed to achieve. Juggling the training, life, and a full-time job has been difficult, but I wouldn’t have been able to do if it wasn’t for the support from trainers, family and friends.

“I’ve met some great people along the way and I’m really excited to embark on this adventure and continue to exceed my own expectations and finally be able to make a difference in society.”

Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward, added: “Pinki and her colleagues can be rightly proud of what they have achieved and my congratulations go to all eight officers on reaching this major milestone – an achievement that requires a lot of dedication and hard work, not to mention the big impact on their free time and personal life. I would like to thank them all for giving up their own time to help us protect the communities of North Yorkshire.

“Policing is a challenging job, and the support of family and friends is extremely important, so my thanks also goes to them for their support so far, and over the coming months, as our new officers take up their operational duties.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: “The enormous contribution that specials make in helping their communities be safe and feel safe is inspirational. I congratulate the eight specials joining the North Yorkshire Police family. I wish them all the best of luck in their new role and in keeping North Yorkshire as one of the safest places in England.”

Click here to read Pinki’s blog.

The eight new officers will be based in York (2), Northallerton (1), Skipton (1), Scarborough (1), Richmond (1), Harrogate (1), and Pinki Bilkhu will be based in Selby.

If you are interested in becoming a Special Constable with North Yorkshire Police, keep an eye on our website for the next recruitment window later this year.

Special Constables, or “specials” as they are also known, are volunteer officers who give up their own time to support their regular colleagues.

They play a key role in local policing and have the same uniform and powers in law as regular police officers, including the power of arrest.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer a minimum of four hours a week to their local police force, forming a vital link between the regular (full-time) police and the local community. However, the role of specials can also extend into more complex areas of policing.

Posted on 6 March 2017 at 06:03pm in News stories
