```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T07:35:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-23T07:33:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Jonathan Royle, aged 29, of Surrey Road, Manchester, was sentenced to five-and-half-years&#039; imprisonment at Leeds Crown Court on 22 Sept 2015 for supplying of Class A drugs (heroin) in Scarborough between 1 July 2014 to 3 August 2014.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Drug dealer jailed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drug-dealer-jailed/
title: Drug dealer jailed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drug-dealer-jailed/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 07:35am

Jonathan Royle, aged 29, of Surrey Road, Manchester, was sentenced to five-and-half-years' imprisonment at Leeds Crown Court on 22 Sept 2015 for supplying of Class A drugs (heroin) in Scarborough between 1 July 2014 to 3 August 2014.

During May, June and July 2014, North Yorkshire Police established that an organised crime network from Manchester were involved in the supply of Class A heroin and crack cocaine in Scarborough.

Royle was linked to this network and a concerted effort was made to arrest him, including an appeal on BBC1's Crimewatch "Most Wanted" feature in March this year.

This led to his arrest in Plymouth on 15 March where he was charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs - heroin - between 1 July 2014 to 3 August 2014.

Detective Constable Andy Hall , of the Scarborough Serious Crime Team, said: "The conviction and prison sentence handed to Royle demonstrates once again the sheer determination of North Yorkshire Police and our community partners to tackle the scourge of drug dealing head-on. The criminal gangs who operate across county borders and come to North Yorkshire, particularly to Scarborough from the North West of England, know that we are watching and waiting for them. There will be no let-up in our effort to rid them from our area."

Anyone with information about drug-related activity should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

**23 September 2015 - 12.45pm**

Posted on 23 September 2015 at 07:33am in News stories
