```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-20T17:07:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: David Hudghton from Filey appeared at Doncaster Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 19 December 2019 and pleaded not guilty to all charges. However, a jury found him guilty of eight charges of sexually assaulting a child under 13 and five charges of causing a child to engage in sexual activity. Alongside the prison sentence, Hudghton was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/HUDGHTON-David-05031941.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 78-year-old Filey man jailed for a number of child sex offences - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/78-year-old-filey-man-jailed-for-a-number-of-child-sex-offences/
title: 78-year-old Filey man jailed for a number of child sex offences
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/78-year-old-filey-man-jailed-for-a-number-of-child-sex-offences/
```

Last modified: 20 December 2019 at 05:07pm

A 78-year-old Filey man has been sentenced to 15-years in prison and a further year on licence, for a number of sexual assaults on young children.

David Hudghton from Filey appeared at Doncaster Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 19 December 2019 and pleaded not guilty to all charges.

However, a jury found him guilty of eight charges of sexually assaulting a child under 13 and five charges of causing a child to engage in sexual activity.

Alongside the prison sentence, Hudghton was handed Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will have to sign the Sex Offenders Register for the rest of his life.

Speaking about the sentence handed to Hudghton, Detective Inspector Glenn Kelly of Scarborough CID said;

“Hudghton has caused untold harm to the victims and the families involved in this case, not only through his depraved actions but also by refusing to accept his guilt, forcing them to have to live through a Crown Court trial. I’d like to commend the victims and their families on their bravery in coming forward and their resilience throughout the investigation and prosecution process.

“We know that the sentence handed to Hudghton can never erase the pain he has caused, but we hope it allows the victims and their family to have some element of closure on what can only be described as a traumatic and distressing experience for them.

“The protection and safeguarding of children is of paramount importance to North Yorkshire Police. My colleagues and I will ensure anyone who has exploited the most vulnerable in our society will face justice."

**If you are a victim of sexual abuse**

Child sexual abuse is a foremost priority for North Yorkshire Police and all reports will be fully investigated.

If you are a victim of a sexual offence, it doesn’t matter when the abuse happened, whether it’s happening now or occurred 50 years ago. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available.

Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

North Yorkshire Police appreciates that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

To report a sexual crime to the police call 101.

If you are in immediate danger, always call 999.

If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.

Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111

Posted on 20 December 2019 at 05:07pm in News stories
