```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-09T12:30:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-03T12:19:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "When did you join NYP and what area do you work in? \u201CI transferred to NYP November 2016 and work in the Scarborough and Ryedale Serious Crime Team\u201D What attracted you to a career with NYP? \u201CMaking a move to an area of outstanding natural beauty to carry on with a career I love doing [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u201CYou have to find a balance between work and home and North Yorkshire Police offers you that.&quot; - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/find-balance-work-home-north-yorkshire-police-offers/
title: "\u201CYou have to find a balance between work and home and North Yorkshire Police offers you that.\""
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/find-balance-work-home-north-yorkshire-police-offers/
```

Last modified: 9 February 2018 at 12:30pm

When we asked DC David Adams who joined us from Bedfordshire Police a couple of years ago to answer a couple of questions about why he decided to transfer to North Yorkshire Police, this is what he had to say.

**When did you join NYP and what area do you work in?**

_“I transferred to NYP November 2016 and work in the Scarborough and Ryedale Serious Crime Team”_

**What attracted you to a career with NYP?**

_“Making a move to an area of outstanding natural beauty to carry on with a career I love doing and raise my family in safety away from gun and knife crime.”_

**Can you remember your first day/week with us? What was it like?**

_“My first week was like any, confusing and a little daunting and it took time to settle in but my new colleagues are outgoing and friendly and I felt welcomed to the force.”_

**Is there anything that surprises you about working here?**

_“I have a work life balance and I see my family more when I am not working as my rest days are not cancelled due to staffing shortages. The majority of time when you are off, you are not disturbed by the force and allowed to live your personal life.”_

**What would you say to another officer thinking of transferring to NYP?**

_“Like any big move, do your homework and come and take a look at the county. The famous saying ‘the grass is not always greener on the other side’, but I do not agree with that as NYP is unique in its policing position in the areas that it covers._

_“Geographically we cover a massive area and no two days are the same whatever role you are in, there is something different to deal with every day._

_“Never lacking in interest here and what you would think is a sleepy backwater in some cases is not. I_

_“It’s like anything transferring here. The opportunity is up to you to make the most of it and to reap the rewards. You get out of it what you put in.”_

**What has been your proudest moment working for NYP?**

_“Putting multiple defendants behind bars with significant custodial sentences for appalling crimes. Having the backing of the organisation to do so.”_

**What are the best things about your job/working for NYP?**

_“Tradition meets modern policing values, impeccable professional standards and ethics = teamwork and camaraderie, crime solved.”_

**How would you describe your job in three words?**

_“Different, interesting, rewarding.”_

**Can you tell us one think that most people wouldn’t know about being a police officer?**

_“Shift work. Working shift work in my previous job could be exhausting because of rest days being cancelled which often caused inconvenience to my personal life._

_“You have to find a balance between work and home and NYP offers you that._

_“To experienced officers I’d say… why don’t you start living and come and join us? You never know it might be the best thing you ever did”_

__

Posted on 3 February 2018 at 12:19pm in News stories
