```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-09-27T08:37:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The charity and communications provider have teamed up to combine their respective expertise in safeguarding and technology to provide workshops for parents which will be delivered in primary schools by Police Community Support Officers (PCSO)\_across North Yorkshire. 40 PCSOs in Bedale, Catterick, Northallerton, Easingwold, York, Selby, Stokesley, Scarborough, Whitby, Filey, Pickering, Harrogate, Skipton and Knaresborough [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Parents of primary school children offered online safety training - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/parents-primary-school-children-offered-online-safety-training/
title: Parents of primary school children offered online safety training
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/parents-primary-school-children-offered-online-safety-training/
```

Last modified: 27 September 2017 at 09:37am

Parents of primary school-age children are being offered free workshops to help keep their children safe online thanks to a partnership between North Yorkshire Police, the NSPCC and O2.

The charity and communications provider have teamed up to combine their respective expertise in safeguarding and technology to provide workshops for parents which will be delivered in primary schools by Police Community Support Officers (PCSO) across North Yorkshire.

40 PCSOs in Bedale, Catterick, Northallerton, Easingwold, York, Selby, Stokesley, Scarborough, Whitby, Filey, Pickering, Harrogate, Skipton and Knaresborough have been trained to deliver the interactive 50-minute workshops which will give parents the knowledge and tools to help protect their children.

Detective Inspector Karen Warner of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The internet is a fantastic place for learning, sharing, creating and keeping in touch, but sadly there are people who choose to use and exploit it for more sinister reasons. It is a rapidly changing world and most parents admit their children know much more than they do about the myriad social networking, gaming, video and other sites out there.

“The NSPCC and O2 have provided the resources for us to go into our communities and deliver this important advice to parents. By understanding the risks and knowing how to do something about them, parents will be far more confident in their ability to protect their children online and begin conversations with them at an early stage.

“To any parent out there, if your primary school is hosting a workshop, please take advantage of it as many internet-savvy parents admit afterwards - they don’t know quite as much as they thought they did!”

Helen Westerman, NSPCC Campaigns Manager for the North of England, added: “We are delighted to be working with North Yorkshire Police. We've been running this partnership with O2 for about 18 months now, and we've talked to 1,000s of parents about having regular and positive conversations with their children about keeping safe online. By teaming up with North Yorkshire Police we can reach many more people than we could on our own.

"Parents often feel on the back foot with it comes to knowing what their children are doing online, and the course can confirm that, but we signpost them to net-aware, an app and a website that parents can go to to learn more about the apps, sites and games their children are using."

PCSO Eric Corfield of Catterick Neighbourhood Policing Team took part in the training. He said: “The training has been very useful and will help us to deliver this vital advice to parents of primary school children. Most adults are aware of at least some networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook, but It’s been an eye-opener finding out just how many apps are out there that children tap into. Part of our role is to help prevent crime and keep people safe, the workshops will help parents understand what the risks are and what they can do about them, helping to prevent what can be extremely distressing crimes.”

Parents will be notified by their school if they are hosting a workshop.

**Where to get more advice**

www.net-aware.org.uk – find out about the most commonly used apps by young people

www.nspcc.org.uk/shareaware – for ideas on how to start a conversation with your children

www.saferinternet.org – advice for parents and young people on how to stay safe

www.thinkuknow.co.uk/parents - Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre’s education programme

Call the NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002

Call the NSPCC’s helpline if you are worried about a child 0800 800 5000

**O2 Gurus** There is an O2 Guru in every store who will give you and your children advice and help set up privacy settings on your children’s devices. The service is free to everyone, you don’t have to be a customer.

******Children online***

90% of children aged 5-15 are online

40% of 5-15 year-olds have a tablet

23% of 8-11 year-olds have a social networking profile (76% 12-15)

_*Figures from Ofcom (2015) Children and Parents Media Use and Attitudes_

Posted on 27 September 2017 at 09:37am in News stories
