```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-09T18:26:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist was seriously injured in a road traffic collision in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclist suffers life-threatening injuries in Harrogate collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-suffers-life-threatening-injuries-in-harrogate-collision/
title: Cyclist suffers life-threatening injuries in Harrogate collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-suffers-life-threatening-injuries-in-harrogate-collision/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist was seriously injured in a road traffic collision in Harrogate.

The cyclist, a 58-year-old local man, sustained serious head injuries when he was hit by a black and red Volvo lorry on Otley Road, between Arthurs Avenue and West End Avenue, at around 6.05pm on Thursday 8 January 2015.

He was taken to Harrogate District Hospital for treatment, where he remains in a critical condition.

The lorry did not stop at the scene of the incident. However, officers traced the vehicle to an address in Knaresborough and arrested a 73-year-old man on suspicion of failing to stop after a road accident.

Following questioning he has been released on police bail to allow for further enquiries to be completed.

Specialist collision investigators remained at the scene of the collision until 10.20pm when the road was reopened.

Officers are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision to contact them with information.

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team.

Alternatively, information can be emailed to MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150004205 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 9 January 2015 at 06:26pm in News stories
