```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-26T16:12:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-26T16:09:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On the morning of Friday May 22 2020, North Yorkshire Police officers executed warrants, forcing entry into four different properties. At a house in Dunnington, two suspects &#8211; a 33-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman &#8211; were arrested. At an address on Melrosegate, a further suspect, a 28-year-old man, was arrested. An amount of suspected [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/05/yorkraids1-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York drug dealing suspects arrested after city-wide raids - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-drug-dealing-suspects-arrested-after-city-wide-raids/
title: York drug dealing suspects arrested after city-wide raids
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-drug-dealing-suspects-arrested-after-city-wide-raids/
```

Last modified: 26 May 2020 at 05:12pm

Three people have been arrested on suspicion of supplying illegal drugs following co-ordinated police raids across York.

On the morning of Friday May 22 2020, North Yorkshire Police officers executed warrants, forcing entry into four different properties.

At a house in Dunnington, two suspects - a 33-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman - were arrested.

At an address on Melrosegate, a further suspect, a 28-year-old man, was arrested.

An amount of suspected illegal drugs were seized from both properties.

All three suspects were arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine, abstracting electricity, possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs, and being concerned in the production of cannabis.

Officers also forced entry to a property in Clifton, where a number of cannabis grows were found, with complex wiring and water systems. The grows were forensically examined before being dismantled by officers.

They also forced entry to a unit at a storage facility in Stamford Bridge. Inside, 15 small cannabis plants were located, along with two large bags of cannabis and a large quantity of growing equipment.

The suspects have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Information from members of the public is vital to help us tackle the production and supply of illegal drugs in our city.

"Please contact us if you suspect it's going on in your area - your calls help us to build up a picture, and bring those involved to justice. We won't hesitate to take robust action, as these latest warrants show."

Residents are urged to look for tell-tale signs of drug dealing, such as:

 * Increased callers at a property, including unfamiliar vehicles pulling up for short periods of time
 * Increased anti-social behaviour at a property
 * Not seeing the residents for long periods of time
 * Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

Do not approach anyone you suspect is involved in drug dealing. Please report it to the police on 101, or to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. If a person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

Posted on 26 May 2020 at 05:09pm in News stories
