```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-03-29T13:02:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The Annual Awards have been a staple in the North Yorkshire Police calendar for a number of years, and this year the awards were extended to include North Yorkshire Fire &amp; Rescue Service and staff working within our collaborative shared services functions (enableNY). A panel chaired by Julia Mulligan, the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Public Choice Award winners announced at joint ceremony - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-choice-award-winners-announced-at-joint-ceremony/
title: Public Choice Award winners announced at joint ceremony
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-choice-award-winners-announced-at-joint-ceremony/
```

Last modified: 29 March 2021 at 02:02pm

The public choice award winners were announced at a joint virtual ceremony for North Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service and enable North Yorkshire on Friday night (26 March 2021).

The Annual Awards have been a staple in the North Yorkshire Police calendar for a number of years, and this year the awards were extended to include North Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service and staff working within our collaborative shared services functions (enableNY).

A panel chaired by Julia Mulligan, the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, shortlisted three entries from each service. Each of those shortlisted had demonstrated significant commitment and determination in their roles this past year and gone above and beyond to provide an exceptional service.

The overall winners from each service were as follows;

**North Yorkshire Police Public Choice Award - ****PC Mandir Xherija and PC Steve Merritt who both work in Scarborough**

In October 2020, PC Xherija and PC Merritt attended a report of a concern for safety after a rucksack and mobile phone had been found abandoned on the footpath near a cliff edge.

PC Xherija, shortly followed by PC Merritt, using an old fishing rope embedded into the cliff side, lowered themselves around 100 feet down to a man they could see on the rocks. When the coastguard arrived they assessed the cliffs as too dangerous for their team to climb down and called for a coastguard rescue helicopter to winch the man to safety.

PC Merritt and PC Xherija performed CPR on the male for some 90 minutes whilst they waited for the helicopter to arrive. Despite the best efforts of the officers in challenging circumstances, the man sadly later died.

**North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service Public Choice Award winner - ****Crew Manager Chris Johnstone**

During heavy floods in Masham in February 2020, NYFRS Crew Manager Johnstone went to speak to residents and was hit with a barrage of anger from understandably stressed residents. Chris remained calm, polite and professional as he attempted to calm the residents.

Later on, whilst still on site at Masham, Chris saw a resident, her daughter and her dog, making their way home when a tide of water came towards the child and dog threatening to sweep them away. Anticipating the event Chris waded into the water up to waist height, picked up the child and the dog, and carried them to safety. Chris received a heartfelt letter of appreciation from the child’s mother that the child is now inspired to become a Firefighter when she grows up.

**enable North Yorkshire Public Choice Award winner - ****Occupational Health and Welfare Team**

2020 was undoubtedly a challenging year and one in which the NYP and NYFRS Occupational Health and Welfare (OHW) Team went above and beyond to offer a vital service and much-needed personal support to their colleagues throughout the pandemic.

The OHW team have tirelessly given their time both during and outside normal working hours, and energy, to helping many individuals cope with the increasingly difficult environment created by Covid-19 and the various lockdown measures. They have continued supporting colleagues while they too have been under tremendous pressure both in their personal and professional lives.

**Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, said:**

“These Public Choice Awards have been a chance for us to recognise the extraordinary work that our officers, volunteers and staff provide for our communities, keeping us safe and feeling safe hour-after-hour, day-after-day. This year, for the first time, we said thank you collectively to North Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service and Enable North Yorkshire who have been working hard to protect us all despite it being one of the most challenging times we have faced.

“This past year has been difficult for everyone, but I have heard from communities across North Yorkshire and York how much they value the work of our brave police officers, firefighters and police and fire staff. Despite the focus being so much on Covid, there has been no let-up in the other crimes, incidents and situations they have to face. These Awards were an opportunity to express our support to those who support us, and I congratulate everyone who was nominated and all the winners.”

Long Service, Volunteering and other achievements relating to organisational values were also awarded at the ceremony.

Posted on 29 March 2021 at 02:02pm in News stories
