```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-24T14:09:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-24T13:30:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers and staff are now co-locating with Harrogate Borough Council in their offices just across the road from the old police station on King Street. There will be no change to the front counter service which is based separately at the Nidderdale Plus Community Hub located on Station Square. It is open to the public [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/Pateley-Bridge-Police-Station-PC-Bill-Hickson.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Official opening of new police base at Pateley Bridge - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/official-opening-of-new-police-base-at-pateley-bridge/
title: Official opening of new police base at Pateley Bridge
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/official-opening-of-new-police-base-at-pateley-bridge/
```

Last modified: 24 February 2021 at 02:09pm

The Harrogate Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team have officially moved into their new base at Pateley Bridge.

Officers and staff are now co-locating with Harrogate Borough Council in their offices just across the road from the old police station on King Street.

There will be **no change to the front counter service which is based separately at the Nidderdale Plus Community Hub located on Station Square**.

It is open to the public on Mondays 10am – 6pm, Tuesdays to Fridays 10am – 4pm, and at weekends from 10am – 1pm. ****

**Inspector Alex Langley said:** “We are delighted to move into our new base at Pateley Bridge alongside our Harrogate Borough Council colleagues.

“It is just across the road from the old Pateley Bridge Police Station, so it will be very easy for residents to adjust to the change in location.

“Importantly, we are also continuing to run our front counter services at the Nidderdale Plus office as before.

“Our new facilities ensure an effective, efficient and sustainable neighbourhood policing service is provided to the people of Pateley Bridge for many years to come.”

The new station is in the old Workhouse building, and can be accessed through the car park, towards the back.

It is the new base for **PC Bill Hickson (pictured below)** , **a wildlife crime officer and beat manager for the Nidderdale and Mashamshire** areas, as well as for other officers and PCSOs working in the area.

It has four desk spaces, an area to meet visitors, a kitchen and shower facility.

**VIDEO : PC Bill Hickson gives a guided tour of the new Pateley Bridge Police Station (video courtesy of the Harrogate Informer)**

The decision to move to the new base and put the current police station up for sale, made in consultation with the Chief Constable Lisa Winward, is part of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner's commitment to deliver value for money for taxpayers.

**Julia Mulligan, the PFCC** **(pictured below)** is committed to working with other public and third sector services to reduce costs and sell underused buildings with proceeds invested in frontline, visible policing. The principle of co-location has already been successfully implemented, including in Ripon, Thirsk, Selby, Bedale and Masham.

The old Pateley Bridge police station is a large building that is expensive to run at a time when new mobile technology means officers and staff do not need to spend as much time at a desk. The move is ultimately expected to save £19,000 per year.

Julia Mulligan said: “By co-locating North Yorkshire Police with Harrogate Borough Council in Pateley Bridge we will achieve value for money for the taxpayer with no change to the access available for Nidderdale residents to our policing teams in the area.

“Selling the police station will also reduce the amount we have to spend on upkeep of an large and underused property and the proceeds will be reinvested in frontline, visible policing which I know is the priority of most people in and around Pateley Bridge and across North Yorkshire.”

 * The **Decision Notice** confirming the move was issued in December 2020 and is available here - https://www.northyorkshire-pfcc.gov.uk/decision-notices/dn-14-2020-pateley-bridge-police-estate/

Posted on 24 February 2021 at 01:30pm in News stories
