```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-04T12:53:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-04T12:51:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At 11.10am on Saturday 1 December 2018, five-year-old\_Lucas Carter Wright called 999 to request an ambulance and police, to help his Grandad who had collapsed and was unresponsive on the sofa, at his home in Catterick Village. Brave Lucas, who was staying over with his Grandad for the night, was able to provide enough detail [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/12/Web-Lucas-hands-up.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: ACC Irvine meets brave 5-year-old Lucas who dialled 999 after Grandad fell ill - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/acc-irvine-meets-brave-5-year-old-lucas-who-dialled-999-after-grandad-fell-ill/
title: ACC Irvine meets brave 5-year-old Lucas who dialled 999 after Grandad fell ill
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/acc-irvine-meets-brave-5-year-old-lucas-who-dialled-999-after-grandad-fell-ill/
```

Last modified: 4 December 2018 at 12:53pm

North Yorkshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Ciaron Irvine paid a visit to Whinstone Primary School in Ingelby Barwick this morning (Tuesday 4 December 2018) to meet a very special little boy and to give him an early Christmas present in recognition for his quick thinking and bravery.

At 11.10am on Saturday 1 December 2018, five-year-old Lucas Carter Wright called 999 to request an ambulance and police, to help his Grandad who had collapsed and was unresponsive on the sofa, at his home in Catterick Village.

Brave Lucas, who was staying over with his Grandad for the night, was able to provide enough detail to Force Control Room Communications Officer Gabby Rudge-Cox to enable Gabby to determine what action was needed and to send a blue light response to Lucas’s Grandad’s address.

As Gabby was speaking to Lucas and getting the information she needed, FCR colleagues were working in the background to trace and contact his Mum, which they successfully did within minutes of Lucas’s call.

Seven minutes after Lucas dialled 999, PC James Bowie arrived at the address and thanks to Lucas, was able to enter the property and help his Grandad. PC Bowie was able to determine that Lucas’s Grandad Gary, had fallen into a diabetic coma and was able to provide the relevant care, which he quickly responded to.

In the meantime, FCR staff had located Lucas’s Mum who confirmed that Gary was a diabetic.

Ambulance staff arrived soon after and were able to successfully treat Grandad Gary at home.

Talking about taking Lucas’s emergency call, Communications Officer Gabby Rudge-Cox said:

“Lucas was brilliant on the phone. He managed to give me enough information to determine that his Grandad was in need of an emergency blue light response and he carried out all the instructions I gave him, like making sure the door was open to enable officers to get into his Grandad’s house.

“He’s amazing – to be five-years-old and be in the middle of a scary and confusing situation, but to know to call 999 shows what an absolute superstar he is and I’m sure his family are extremely proud.”

First officer on the scene, PC James Bowie said;

“I’d like to say a huge well done to Lucas. His ability to think on his feet and follow the instructions of my FCR colleague meant that I could quickly get in to the house to help his Grandad.

“When I arrived at the house, he was able to tell me exactly where his Grandad was and the fact he had been unresponsive, which led me to determine he was in a diabetic coma.

“Thanks to Lucas, I knew what action to take to help his Grandad, who thankfully responded immediately. There’s no doubt that Lucas’s quick thinking meant his Grandad got the help he urgently needed.”

Speaking about meeting Lucas this morning, ACC Irvine said:

“It was a pleasure to meet Lucas and his family this morning and congratulate him on his fantastic decision making and bravery, in front of all his friends at school.

“He acted quickly and calmly, showing a maturity way beyond his five years and because of the action he took and his courage to make the call, his Grandad Gary is recovering well.

“All of us at North Yorkshire Police would like to say a massive well done to Lucas and we have extended an invite to him to come and visit our Force Control Room in York, as all the staff are very keen to meet this little hero!”

ACC Ciaron Irvine and Lucas

Lucas with his commendation

Lucas and his proud Mum, Alex

Link to a recording of Lucas's call https://youtu.be/G5vl9GVs43U

Posted on 4 December 2018 at 12:51pm in News stories
