```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-12-03T15:52:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-03T15:32:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Joseph Barstow, 40, was sentenced at York Crown Court after a jury found him guilty of one count of rape. The court also issued him with a restraining order and he was made to sign on to the sex offenders register for life. The offence took place at a property in Scarborough where Barstow raped [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/Joseph-Barstow-21-11-79.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough rapist jailed for over eight years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-for-over-eight-years/
title: Scarborough rapist jailed for over eight years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-rapist-jailed-for-over-eight-years/
```

Last modified: 3 December 2019 at 03:52pm

A Scarborough man has been jailed for 8 years and six months for the rape of a woman.

40 year-old Joseph Barstow has been jailed for 8 and a half years for rape

Joseph Barstow, 40, was sentenced at York Crown Court after a jury found him guilty of one count of rape. The court also issued him with a restraining order and he was made to sign on to the sex offenders register for life.

The offence took place at a property in Scarborough where Barstow raped his victim on the evening of 21 October 2018. Following enquiries, Barstow was arrested in the early hours of the following day and later charged with two counts of rape.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Steve Monty of Scarborough CID, said:

“I am extremely pleased that justice has been delivered for the victim and her family, who have shown massive strength of character and courage throughout this distressing process.

“No jail sentence can ever undo the suffering they have endured, but I hope the fact that Barstow is now serving a prison sentence, brings them some comfort that justice has been done, and they can now start to rebuild their life.

“If you have been a victim of a sexual offence, whether it is happening now, or occurred many years ago, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 – we have specially trained officers who will treat you wish sensitivity and are determined to bring those responsible to justice.”

If you do not want to talk to the police, you can contact the Bridge House SARC (Sexual Assault Referral Centre) on 0330 223 0362 or you can send them an email at bridgehouse.sarc@nhs.net.

Their friendly team of professionals offer free support and practical help 24/7 to anyone in North Yorkshire who has experienced sexual violence and/or sexual abuse. Their service is completely confidential and you do not have to give any personal information in order to get help

If you are in danger, always call 999 and get to a safe place.

For more advice visit bridgehousesarc.org

Posted on 3 December 2019 at 03:32pm in News stories
