```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-04-03T11:38:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is informing local people about national changes in the way suspects are dealt with following arrest.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Changes to bail aim to deliver swifter justice for victims in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/changes-bail-aim-deliver-swifter-justice-victims-north-yorkshire/
title: Changes to bail aim to deliver swifter justice for victims in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/changes-bail-aim-deliver-swifter-justice-victims-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 3 April 2017 at 11:38am

North Yorkshire Police is informing local people about national changes in the way suspects are dealt with following arrest.

The Policing and Crime Act 2017 aims to deliver greater oversight and scrutiny of investigations, including limiting pre-charge bail to an initial 28 days.

Where individuals have been on bail for more than three months following extensions authorised by Superintendents, there will be judicial review of cases.

The legislation regarding pre-charge bail comes into effect today, Monday 3 April 2017, and will be applied across all 43 forces in England and Wales.

All those suspects currently on bail will remain to be dealt with under the old bail processes. This new legislation will apply to those arrested on or after3 April 2017.

The government decided upon the bail reform in light of a number of national high profile cases where police bail continued for significantly long periods of time, sometimes years, without any form of judicial outcome at its conclusion.

The presumption in the new legislation is that bail will only be used where it is absolutely necessary. Where bail is not considered as proportionate police intervention, the arrested person will be released “not on bail under investigation”.

In cases where someone is released “under investigation” this does not mean there will be no further action and the investigation will not continue. It will continue to be a live case whilst there are enquiries to be made by the officer to conduct a thorough investigation.

In cases such as sexual assaults, serious physical assault and cases where there are issues of vulnerability for either the suspect or the victim, for example, then bail will continue to be applied.

These national changes mean much more scrutiny around bail, with the introduction of a new authorisation process including a judicial review of the applied bail at the three months stage.

The aims of the bail reform are centred around three key areas:

 * Proportionality and necessity of bail and police intervention
 * Timing of enquiries involved in an investigation will become key
 * Transparency and accountability of actions and decision making

Chief Inspector Allan Wescott, Head of Custody at North Yorkshire Police said:

“The expectation will be for police forces to reduce the number of cases where bail is used.

“From 3 April, officers will seriously consider the use of bail in each and every case to determine if it is proportionate and necessary.

“I can reassure the public of North Yorkshire that in those cases where bail remains a requirement to protect our most vulnerable victims and witnesses, it will still be applied.

“North Yorkshire Police, following the introduction of the College of Policing National Bail Standards in 2015, has already been applying a more vigorous process around the application of bail and reduced the numbers of people we have on bail from over 1,000 to the current number of just over 600.

“The new legislation will actually mean that officers will apply further consideration to all the circumstances in a case and they will be required to do more up front investigation work.

“The changes mean that the timing of investigations will become crucial, with an aim to reach the best possible outcome for the victim as swiftly as possible.”

**Supporting Victims**

North Yorkshire Police has been working with Supporting Victims, the force’s support service for victims, to make sure they are aware of the changes to bail. This is to ensure they can provide any necessary reassurance and guidance surrounding the new bail processes.

If you have been a victim of crime or you know someone who has, support is available from skilled Victim Care Co-ordinators, through contacting Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire is a team of skilled victim care co-ordinators who provide support to victims of crime.

They can be contacted on 01609 643100 or by dialling 101 between the hours of 8am and 7pm Monday to Friday **.** Alternatively, drop them an email at help@supportingvictims.org.

To find out more about Supporting Victims visit the website: www.supportingvictims.org

Posted on 3 April 2017 at 11:38am in News stories
