```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-12T16:00:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: James Ronald Raynor, 21, was sentenced to 32 months in custody when he appeared at York Crown Court yesterday. Raynor (pictured) approached the woman, who is in her 20s, and groped her as she walked along the track from Tang Hall towards James Street. The incident happened at around 8.50pm on Sunday, 24 September 2017. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/James-Ronald-Raynor-12-12-1996-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;Cowardly&quot; attacker sentenced for sexually assaulting a woman on a York bike path - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attacker-jailed-york-bike-path/
title: '"Cowardly" attacker sentenced for sexually assaulting a woman on a York bike path'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attacker-jailed-york-bike-path/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

A man who sexually assaulted a woman on a cycle path in York has been detained in a young offender's institution.

James Ronald Raynor, 21, was sentenced to 32 months in custody when he appeared at York Crown Court yesterday.

Raynor _(pictured)_ approached the woman, who is in her 20s, and groped her as she walked along the track from Tang Hall towards James Street.

The incident happened at around 8.50pm on Sunday, 24 September 2017.

The victim tried to fight him off her by pulling his hair. She bit him near a thumb, shouted at him and hit him in the face.

Raynor, from the Boroughbridge Road area of York, then made his escape along the cycle path.

North Yorkshire Police launched an extensive investigation following the incident, including a public appeal for information, and Raynor was arrested three days after the incident.

He was charged with one count of sexual assault, which he pleaded guilty to.

Detective Constable Peter Cooper, of York Serious Crime Team, said: “This was a cowardly attack and I very much welcome Raynor's sentence.

“By contrast, the victim showed immense courage when she fought him off and came forward to the police.

“By putting her trust in us, our officers have been able to quickly locate her attacker and build a strong case against him that led to him admitting the offence and being sentenced.

“It’s been a horrendous experience for her, but she’s receiving support from specially-trained officers to help her move on in life.

“I hope she’ll find that easier knowing Raynor has been detained and cannot pose a threat to other women.”

On his release, Raynor will be a registered sex offender and will have to sign the sex offender's register for ten years.

Posted on 12 December 2017 at 04:00pm in News stories
