```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-06T10:04:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Figures from NFU Mutual\u2019s Rural Crime Report 2018 show the cost of rural crime in North Yorkshire fell from \xA31,146,371 in 2016 to \xA3954,597 in 2017 \u2013 a reduction of 16.7%. By contrast, the cost of rural crime nationally has risen, increasing by 13.4% over the same period. Police say the figures demonstrate significant progress [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Cost of rural crime in North Yorkshire falls by 16% \u2013 despite national increase - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cost-of-rural-crime-in-north-yorkshire-falls-by-16-despite-national-increase/
title: "Cost of rural crime in North Yorkshire falls by 16% \u2013 despite national increase"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cost-of-rural-crime-in-north-yorkshire-falls-by-16-despite-national-increase/
```

Last modified: 6 August 2018 at 11:04am

The cost of rural crime to communities in North Yorkshire has fallen by more than 15% following the launch of the county’s Rural Taskforce, according to a new report.

Figures from NFU Mutual’s Rural Crime Report 2018 show the cost of rural crime in North Yorkshire fell from £1,146,371 in 2016 to £954,597 in 2017 – a reduction of 16.7%. By contrast, the cost of rural crime nationally has risen, increasing by 13.4% over the same period.

Police say the figures demonstrate significant progress is being made to tackle rural crime in North Yorkshire - but recognise that there is still more to do.

Nationally, rural crime cost the UK an estimated £44.5m in 2017, up from £39.2m the previous year, and the highest total since 2013.

The fall in North Yorkshire is one of the biggest decreases in the country, and follows the launch in April 2016 of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, a team of officers, PCSOs and staff dedicated to tackling rural crime.

Rural crime costs were also down 6.5% on average across the North East region, reflecting the determination of regional police forces to proactively tackle cross-border crime, often with the assistance of local Rural Watch schemes, and multi-force initiatives such as Operation Checkpoint.

Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “It’s very good news that the annual cost of rural crime in North Yorkshire has fallen by nearly £200,000.

“We take rural crime extremely seriously, and this reduction is testament to the hard work, professionalism and dedication of our Neighbourhood Policing Teams and Rural Taskforce, as well as the vital support we get from those who live and work in our rural communities.

“The figures show that we are making significant progress here in North Yorkshire. However, we are certainly not complacent, and we recognise that there is more to do. We are committed to continuing to improve the policing service we provide to our rural communities.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce is the biggest of its kind in the UK. It is made up of an Inspector, two Sergeants, seven Police Constables, seven Police Community Support Officers, and Special Constables, based across the districts of the county. In addition, there is also an intelligence analyst and a rural policing coordinator, ensuring that the Taskforce is responding to trends in crime flexibly and proactively, by using information gathered from colleagues, communities, and partners alike. The Taskforce also works very closely with Rural Watch schemes – community volunteers who provide invaluable support to the police in their area.

You can follow the North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce on social media, at @NYPRuralTF on Twitter, and at facebook.com/NYPRuralTF. You can also meet the Taskforce, and your local Neighbourhood Policing Team, in person at many events and agricultural shows over the summer.

Posted on 6 August 2018 at 11:04am in News stories
