```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-01T15:45:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-01T11:28:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Everyone will have seen a headline at some point about an offender who has gone on to commit offences despite previously being known to the authorities. But what you rarely hear about are those who don\u2019t reoffend or are caught early due to the work of everyone involved in MAPPA. While we cannot eliminate all [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/10/MAPPA.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Read about how we manage sexual and violent offenders to protect you #Behindthescenes - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/read-about-how-we-manage-sexual-and-violent-offenders-to-protect-you-behindthescenes/
title: 'Read about how we manage sexual and violent offenders to protect you #Behindthescenes'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/read-about-how-we-manage-sexual-and-violent-offenders-to-protect-you-behindthescenes/
```

Last modified: 1 October 2018 at 04:45pm

Not many people have heard of MAPPA or know what it means, or how it protects us from sexual and violent offenders. Hopefully this blog will shed some light on a very complex area of work.

Everyone will have seen a headline at some point about an offender who has gone on to commit offences despite previously being known to the authorities. But what you rarely hear about are those who don’t reoffend or are caught early due to the work of everyone involved in MAPPA. While we cannot eliminate all risk, the MAPPA process ensures that everything possible is done to protect members of the public from those who pose the highest risks.

To give it its full title, “Multi-agency Public Protection Arrangements” is the process through which the police, probation and prison services - who make up what is known as the Responsible Authority - work together with other agencies to manage the risks posed by violent and sexual offenders who live in our communities and pose the most serious harm.

Social services, health services, youth offending teams, Jobcentre Plus, Border Force, electronic tagging providers and local housing and education providers make up the other agencies who have a duty to cooperate in the MAPPA process.

The majority of offenders are not kept in jail forever. They are released from prison when they have served the custodial proportion of their sentence, or they may not have been sent to prison to begin with. They need somewhere to live, they need to be rehabilitated and they need to try and live a law-abiding life.

It is better that they are managed by the authorities so that we know where they are, where they live, where they work and who they associate with. We can then manage the risk that they pose and take action if they are causing concern or breaching any orders such as the terms of their licence, the sex offenders register conditions or Sexual Harm Prevention Orders known as a SHPO.

Prior to the introduction of MAPPA in 2001, there were no such risk management requirements or processes in place. Agencies worked in isolation and didn’t share information.

#### **So how does it work?**

**** All MAPPA offenders are assessed to establish the level of risk of harm they pose to the public. Risk management plans are then worked out for each offender to manage those risks. These set out the action that needs to be taken to minimise that risk. Some measures that can be considered are:

 * Ensuring offenders have suitable accommodation, which can include requiring the offender to reside at a probation-run approved premises on release
 * Placing controls on the offender's behaviour through strict licence conditions which can include not to have contact with a named person or not to enter a defined exclusion zone
 * Intensive supervision by a probation officer offender manager and/or public protection officer
 * Ensure the offender attends identified accredited programmes and other interventions (such as drug and alcohol programmes) aimed at reducing further offending.

All offenders supervised by probation must comply with the conditions of their order or licence. Any failure to do so will result in action being taken. For those on licence, this could mean a return to prison. A failure to comply does not necessarily mean that an offence has been committed, it could be a missed appointment or any behaviour which gives cause for concern.

Registered sexual offenders who do not comply with the notification requirements can be taken to court and could face a fine and/or up to five years in prison.

#### **Proactive monitoring using technology**

We use technology to proactively monitor sex offenders and high risk offenders.

For example, as part of a SHPO condition, the police can install software on an offender’s computer that alerts us, in live time, to any illegal content they may have searched for or viewed. It means we can intervene early and take swift action if a person has breached their licence or order, or committed a criminal offence. Recently the same technology has been introduced to help us monitor offenders’ mobile phones.

Specially trained police officers known as public protection officers, make home visits to registered sex offenders. They use a piece of software that is plugged into an offender’s computer that searches for any illegal content within 30 minutes. If anything is detected, the information is saved as evidence and action can be taken immediately.

24-hour electronic tagging is also used for the highest risk offenders. If someone has gone somewhere they shouldn’t, such as an exlusion zone, an alert is sent to an officer so we can act immediately. For example, a sex offender may be excluded from being within five miles of a victim’s house. If they cross that five-mile boundary, we will be notified immediately and can take immediate action.

#### **ViSOR**

ViSOR is the Violent and Sexual Offenders Register. It is a central store of confidential, up-to-date information about offenders which the police, prison and probation service all have access to across the UK. It is vital for the sharing of intelligence and enables the transfer of information when an offender moves area. It records the details of sex offenders, violent offenders and terrorism offenders.

#### **Legal powers we can use to protect the public**

**Sexual Risk Orders**

A Sexual Risk Order can be made where a person has committed an act of a sexual nature and there is reasonable cause to believe that it is necessary - _even if they have never been convicted_ - to protect members of the public. It prohibits offenders from doing anything described in the order and can include a prohibition on foreign travel. Failure to comply is an offence punishable by a fine and/or imprisonment. SROs have replaced Risk of Sexual Harm Orders.

**Sexual Harm Prevention Order**

We can also apply for a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO). This can be applied to anyone convicted or cautioned for a specified sexual or violent offence, including offences committed overseas. The court needs to be satisfied that the order is necessary for protecting the public from sexual harm, or for protecting children from sexual harm outside of the United Kingdom. They prohibit offenders from doing anything described in the SHPO and can include a prohibition on foreign travel. Failure to comply with a SHPO is an offence punishable by a fine and/or imprisonment. SHPOs have replaced Sexual Offences Prevention Orders and Foreign Travel Orders.

**Notification Order**

This order requires sex offenders who have been convicted of a sexual offence overseas to register with the UK police to protect the UK public from any risk that they pose. The police may apply to the court for the order in relation to offenders living in, or intending to come to, the UK.

#### **The role of members of the public in MAPPA**

Members of the public also play a role in the MAPPA process as Lay Advisers.

They offer key support by asking questions of senior practitioners and often bring a different perspective to the review and monitoring procedure from that of the professionals involved. Lay Advisers also sit on the Strategic Management Board and can also improve links with local communities.

There are two Lay Advisers in York and North Yorkshire who are recruited locally but appointed by the Secretary of State.

#### **Strategic Management Board**

The work under MAPPA is overseen and scrutinised by the strategic management board consisting of senior representatives and practitioners from the police, the probation service, the prison service, the agencies who have a duty to cooperate, the Youth Offending Team and lay advisors.

#### **Disclosure of information**

There are occasions where information is disclosed to another person or group of people to either protect them directly from the offender or for them to protect others. For example, leisure centre staff might be alerted where a local offender is felt to pose a risk to those using the centre. This could be a decision taken during a MAPPA meeting, or one authorised by a senior police officer under common law where other schemes do not apply.

When information is disclosed it will always be to ensure that the public are being protected. The person disclosing the information will explain why the information is being disclosed and give
advice on what will happen afterwards. The information is always confidential and must not be shared with others without the permission of the person who made the disclosure.

You can apply for information about sexual or violent offenders under Clare’s Law – also known as the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme and Sarah’s Law – the Child Sex Offenders Disclosure Scheme. Follow the links for more information.

Posted on 1 October 2018 at 12:28pm in News stories
