```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-01T10:42:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-01T10:01:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; This year the force\u2019s 509 volunteers have collectively contributed an impressive 29,117 hours of their time, playing a vital part in helping to keep the county safe, and helping the force to make a difference in North Yorkshire. Over 3,700 of those hours have been volunteered since restrictions were put in place by the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/IMG_1597-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "National Volunteers\u2019 Week: North Yorkshire Police says \u2018thank you to our wonderful volunteers\u2019 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-volunteers-week-north-yorkshire-police-says-thank-you-to-our-wonderful-volunteers/
title: "National Volunteers\u2019 Week: North Yorkshire Police says \u2018thank you to our wonderful volunteers\u2019"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/national-volunteers-week-north-yorkshire-police-says-thank-you-to-our-wonderful-volunteers/
```

Last modified: 1 June 2020 at 11:42am

North Yorkshire Police is taking the opportunity to say ‘thank you’ to their ‘wonderful’ volunteers this National Volunteers Week (Monday 1 June – Sunday 7 June).

Police Support Volunteer Robert Fox volunteers in Logistics Support and has undertaken an impressive 126 duties over the last year totaling 688 hours

This year the force’s 509 volunteers have collectively contributed an impressive 29,117 hours of their time, playing a vital part in helping to keep the county safe, and helping the force to make a difference in North Yorkshire. Over 3,700 of those hours have been volunteered since restrictions were put in place by the Government to combat the Coronavirus (Covid-19) in the UK. The team of volunteers includes:

 * 94 Special Constables who, who over the last year gave more than 19,707 hours of time to policing activities at North Yorkshire Police, which is an impressive average of 34.65 hours per officer per month. ‘Specials’, as they are known have the same power, uniform and responsibilities as full-time police officers but volunteer on a part-time basis, managing their role alongside their normal employment. During the force’s response to COVID-19, many have continued to complete their duties alongside their full time employment whilst some who have been furloughed, have been volunteering even more of their time to the frontline.
 * 350 Police Support Volunteers who hold a range of bespoke roles including Mobile Rural Watch, Welfare Checkers, Vehicle Checkers, Cybercrime Awareness Ambassadors, Chaplains, and Role Players who help to train officers, to name but a few. Between them, they have volunteered 12,319 hours of their time over the last year supporting North Yorkshire Police. Robert Fox (pictured), who volunteers in Logistics Support, has undertaken an impressive 126 duties over the last year totaling 688 hours.
 * The force’s youngest volunteers, 65 Police Cadets, who contribute at least three hours a month alongside their Cadet Leaders. Their contribution includes assisting with local community events; supporting the local Neighbourhood Policing Teams through leaflet drops, crime prevention initiatives, community safety events and street surveys; and helping as role-play volunteers in the training of student police officers and Special Constables.

In previous years, the volunteers have come together in a host of activities throughout the week to showcase their work and celebrate National Volunteers’ Week, however, because of current restrictions in place due to COVID-19 the force’s plans have had to change a little.

This year instead, the force will be marking Volunteers' Week 2020 by showcasing the contribution of some their volunteers throughout the week on social media.

As a former Special Constable herself and the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s (NPCC) lead for Citizens in Policing, National Volunteers’ Week is a celebration that is very close to Chief Constable Lisa Winward’s heart. She said:

“I joined the service as a Special back in 1993 and can identify with all of our volunteers who generously give up their own time to support policing and their local communities. The police service has a strong history of volunteering and the extent of their dedication and enthusiasm never ceases to amaze me.

“From young cadets to former leaders in business, our volunteers come from all walks of life, bringing a wide range of skills, experience and local knowledge to their roles to make life better for our communities. We value and appreciate our wonderful volunteers every day, throughout the year, but National Volunteers’ Week gives us a chance to really highlight the dedicated and selfless things they do.

“I am immensely proud of all our volunteers. So, on behalf of the force and our communities, I would like to say a big thank you to each and every one of you, for your continued passion, contribution and commitment. Every day, you help us make a real difference in North Yorkshire.”

Next weekend (6-7 June) North Yorkshire’s Special Constabulary will also be celebrating National Specials Weekend by each walking 28,000 steps in memory of Special Constable Glenn Goodman who was murdered while on duty 28 years ago.

37-year-old Glenn was shot while on duty on 7 June 1992 when he made a routine stop of a vehicle on the A64 near Tadcaster. He died later that day. Paul Magee, a member of the IRA was jailed for life for his murder but later released under the Good Friday agreement.

Poignantly, the anniversary of Glenn’s death falls on National Specials Weekend which concludes the wider National Volunteers’ Week.

To keep up with the online activities during National Volunteers Week, please follow #VolunteersWeek on Facebook, Twitter and Instragram or visit North Yorkshire Police’s website.

Anyone interested in joining North Yorkshire Police as a volunteer is encouraged to visit the website to find out further details: northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs

A proud night in December 2019 as the force's first ever Volunteer Police Cadets for the Harrogate area were sworn in at their passing out ceremony Police Support Volunteer Vehicle Checkers: Team Leader Richard Thompson (left) based in York and Stuart Moat (right) based in Selby and York

The Bike Safe presentation at Catterick taken by Bike Safe Volunteer, Nigel Atkinson One of the forces 94 'Specials' - Special Constable Glen Coates

Posted on 1 June 2020 at 11:01am in News stories
