```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-03-16T14:06:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are also reissuing the appeal for witnesses to the collision who may not have yet come forward, to please contact them. Mrs Cresswell was driving her grey Toyota Avensis on the A19 travelling south towards York when a collision occurred with a white Scania HGV unit (minus the trailer) which was travelling north in [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/03/Mrs-Jenny-Cresswell-300x252.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman named following fatal collision on A19 near Easingwold - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-named-following-fatal-collision-a19-near-easingwold/
title: Woman named following fatal collision on A19 near Easingwold
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-named-following-fatal-collision-a19-near-easingwold/
```

Last modified: 16 March 2017 at 02:06pm

We are now in a position to name the victim of the fatal collision which occurred at 9.20am on Thursday 2 March 2017 on the A19, near the Husthwaite junction. She was 70-year-old Mrs Patricia 'Jenny' Cresswell from Northallerton.

Police are also reissuing the appeal for witnesses to the collision who may not have yet come forward, to please contact them.

Mrs Cresswell was driving her grey Toyota Avensis on the A19 travelling south towards York when a collision occurred with a white Scania HGV unit (minus the trailer) which was travelling north in the direction of Thirsk. Mrs Cresswell was very sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of the lorry, a 66-year-old man from the Northallerton area, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He currently remains on police bail whilst the investigation continues.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or anyone who was in the area who saw the Scania HGV or the Toyota Avensis prior to the collision or who assisted at the scene prior to the emergency services’ arrival is asked to contact police.

Please dial 101 select option 2 and ask to speak to DC 985 Emma Drummond or TC67 Mark Mullins of the Major Collision Investigation Team in Tadcaster. Alternatively you can email emma.drummond@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or mark.mullins@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote reference 12170035514

**ORIGINAL APPEAL ISSUED Thursday 2 March 2017 :**

**Appeal following fatal collision near Easingwold**

Police are appealing for witnesses to a fatal collision near Easingwold.

The collision occurred at about 9.20am on the A19, near the Husthwaite junction, on Thursday 2 March 2017, and involved a grey Toyota Avensis car and a white Scania lorry.

The driver of the Toyota, a woman from the Northallerton area, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of the lorry, a 66-year-old man from the Northallerton area, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Police are appealing for anyone who saw the collision, or either of the vehicles involved prior to it, to get in touch. Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team. You can also email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote reference number 12170035514.

Posted on 16 March 2017 at 02:06pm in News stories
