```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-30T09:39:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an elderly woman was targeted by a distraction burglar in Newby, near Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 95-year-old woman targeted by distraction burglar in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/95-year-old-woman-targeted-by-distraction-burglar-in-scarborough/
title: 95-year-old woman targeted by distraction burglar in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/95-year-old-woman-targeted-by-distraction-burglar-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an elderly woman was targeted by a distraction burglar in Newby, near Scarborough.

At sometime between 4pm and 5pm on Saturday 28 March 2015, a man claiming to be a Water Board official visited the home of 95-year-old woman on Moor Lane, in Newby.

He told the victim to turn on the kitchen tap while he tested the water pipes.

When the man left, the victim noticed that her grey medication safe was missing from the lounge.

The man was last seen walking off along Throxenby Lane.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area around the time of the incident, or has been approached in similar circumstances to get in touch.

Detective Constable Ryan Chapman, of Scarborough CID, said: "While this is the only report we have had of an incident of this nature in Newby, I would like to warn residents to be vigilant and call the police if they see anyone acting suspiciously in the area.

"The victim has been left understandably upset by the incident and I urge people to keep an eye out for their elderly neighbours and relatives to ensure they know what to do when people like this call at their door."

By following some simple crime prevention advice, you can help guard against bogus officials calling at your home:

 * LOCK all doors - even when you are at home
 * STOP before you open the door, ask them who they are
 * CHAIN always use a door chain or spy hole
 * NOT sure who they are? Don't open the door!

**ALWAYS** ask the caller for their identification, and check it, before letting them in. Use the phone number in the phone book, not the one on their identity card.

**REMEMBER** a genuine caller will happily wait outside while you check on them by calling their organisation and or calling a family member or neighbour.

If you feel threatened by a caller, you must ring the police on 999.

For more useful advice about keeping out bogus callers, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/boguscallers

Posted on 30 March 2015 at 09:39am in News stories
