```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T11:01:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-06T10:56:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police Dave Jones has conferred City of York Council&#039;s new Neighbourhood Enforcement Team with new Community Safety Accreditation powers.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/Dave_Jones__Julia_Mulligan_and_Cllr_Carr_with_newly-accredited_NEOs2-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Extra enforcement powers granted to council officers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/extra-enforcement-powers-granted-council-officers/
title: Extra enforcement powers granted to council officers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/extra-enforcement-powers-granted-council-officers/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 11:01am

Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police Dave Jones has conferred City of York Council's new Neighbourhood Enforcement Team with new Community Safety Accreditation powers.

The team forms part of the new Community Safety Hub, based in West Offices to deliver a multi-agency approach to tackle crime, anti-social behaviour (ASB) and nuisance.

The new Community Safety Accreditation powers give the officers authority over and above their council enforcement powers. These powers focus on issues such as alcohol-related anti-social behaviour, begging and drinking in a designated public area. From 5 January, the officers will be working alongside North Yorkshire Police's Safer Neighbourhood Teams on joint operations to deal with these offences.

The Community Safety Hub brings together the council's Neighbourhood Enforcement and Anti-Social Behaviour Officers and North Yorkshire Police officers who work together from a single location. The team deals with the highest risk anti-social behaviour cases and has access to a shared case management system that ensures a more timely and efficient response to serious and repeat incidents of anti-social behaviour. All reports of ASB and nuisance behaviour are reviewed daily and are either managed within the Hub or passed to a Neighbourhood Enforcement Officer, Estate Manager or Police Community Support Officer (PCSO).

Councillor David Carr, Executive Member for Housing and Safer Neighbourhoods, said: "These additional powers will arm our highly-effective officers with the necessary authority to enhance their enforcement role and work alongside police safer neighbourhood teams to tackle those issues which impact on quality of life for our communities."

Dave Jones, Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, said: "The Community Safety Accreditation Scheme recognises the enormous contribution made by local authorities in keeping people safe, and represents a great opportunity to tackle 'quality of life' issues in our communities.

"These new powers extend the policing family by giving council staff in our Community Safety Hub targeted powers to deal with incidents such as anti-social behaviour and some road traffic offences.

"It's an exciting development, which enhances local enforcement capacity and capability, and consolidates our innovative partnership working going on in York."

Julia Mulligan, North Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "Tackling anti-social behaviour is a top priority for myself, North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council.

"Anti-social behaviour can have a massive impact on people's lives and it's vital that the right people with the right powers are in place to deal with every complaint of anti-social behaviour as soon as they are made.

"I welcome the new powers being invested in the council's new Neighbourhood Enforcement Team. It will strengthen the response to anti-social behaviour in the city and it underlines our commitment to supporting effective ways of dealing with this type of crime."

Posted on 6 December 2015 at 10:56am in News stories
