```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-17T11:33:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives in Northallerton are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious sexual assault on a man.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious sexual assault in Northallerton - appeal for witnesses - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-sexual-assault-in-northallerton-appeal-for-witnesses/
title: Serious sexual assault in Northallerton - appeal for witnesses
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-sexual-assault-in-northallerton-appeal-for-witnesses/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Detectives in Northallerton are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious sexual assault on a man.

The incident occurred in the early hours of Tuesday morning (17 February), when the victim, who is in his 20s, was approached by two men in Bullamoor Park.

Following the sexual assault, the two men made off in an unknown direction. One is described as wearing a white baseball cap. It is believed that the two males were disturbed by the sound of a loud bang, which was heard sometime between 2am - 4am.

The area of the incident has been cordoned off to allow for forensic examination and searches today. There will be some inconvenience to the public while the scene is examined, and we thank the public for their patience.

Detective Inspector Fiona Wynne, of Northallerton CID, said: "The victim was left extremely upset by the experience and is receiving support from specially trained police officers.

"I would ask anyone who was in the area around the time of this incident, if they have not yet already contacted the police, to do so as soon as possible. Perhaps you heard a loud bang and looked out of your window? Did you see the victim or perhaps two males running from the scene? Any information, no matter how slight, may help to put the pieces of the jigsaw together."

Anyone who can help with this enquiry should contact North Yorkshire Police straight away: dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Northallerton CID.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote reference number 12150026480 when passing information about this incident.

**17 February 2015**

* * *

**Update:** Enquiries are ongoing into the serious sexual assault that occurred in the early hours of this morning in Bullamoor Park, Northallerton.

Officers are particularly keen to speak to a man who is seen on CCTV at about 3.30am leaving the entrance to Bullamoor Park at the Bullamoor Road entrance and walking towards the Forum Car Park.

About 10 minutes later the same man is seen to return from the Forum Car Park to cross Bullamoor Road and walk back into Bullamoor Park.

He is described as white and in his 50s, wearing dark clothing.

Detective Inspector Fiona Wynne, of Northallerton CID, said: "If you are that man or know of him, please come forward as you may have seen or heard something that will be of value to the enquiry, no matter how slight."

Anyone who can help with this enquiry should contact North Yorkshire Police straight away: dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Northallerton CID.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote reference number 12150026480 when passing information about this incident.

**5pm - 17 February 2015**

Posted on 17 February 2015 at 11:33am in News stories
