```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:16:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The winners of the 2015 North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Challenge have returned from their adventure holiday prize.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Smiling_Beth_on_the_lake-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Winners of North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle competition rewarded with adventure holiday prize - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-north-yorkshire-police-lifestyle-competition-rewarded-adventure-holiday-prize/
title: Winners of North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle competition rewarded with adventure holiday prize
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-north-yorkshire-police-lifestyle-competition-rewarded-adventure-holiday-prize/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:16am

The winners of the 2015 North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Challenge have returned from their adventure holiday prize.

The young people, all aged between 10 and 16, had taken part in the force's Lifestyle Challenge by carrying out projects over the summer holidays that were of benefit to the community.

The winners were rewarded with a PGL Adventure Holiday, which saw them take to the high ropes, the giant swing, abseil and try their hands at fencing and rifle shooting.

They had previously all undertaken work in their own time to improve their local area. TLC from **York** had help pop-up cafes to raise money for local good causes and to help members of the community to get to know each other. **Richmond** Healthy Girls had created and distributed a magazine dealing with all aspects of life for young people from internet safety, healthy eating and the dangers of drugs and alcohol. Team Tidy from **Barlby** had cleaned their school's grounds up by planting new flowers and washing outdoor equipment, whilst Team HALO from **Knayton** held sports days for the local youngsters.

Altogether, 29 young people from seven teams went on the holiday at Caythorpe Court in Lincolnshire over the Easter break, accompanied by members of staff from the Youth Support Service and North Yorkshire Police's Special Constabulary.

During the five-day stay, the youngsters got the opportunity to try out different activities, including some that took place at hair-raising heights.

"Some of the activities are quite high and quite daunting," said PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer at North Yorkshire Police.

"Not everyone is comfortable perching on a wooden platform 12 metres from the ground, but with a lot of encouragement and support from the rest of the teams, they give it their best shot.

"The holiday also involves a lot of teamwork and problem-solving, like the raft building exercise which often ends up with the team in the lake. Hopefully they come away from the week having a lot more confidence in themselves and having learned some useful skills."

The Lifestyle Challenge takes place every year and is open to young people from across York and North Yorkshire.

PC Asquith added: "We are very fortunate to have the support of so many local businesses and organisations such as Hiscox, Shepherd Group, Virgin Trains East Coast, our Safer Community partners in York, Selby, Hambleton and Richmondshire as well as the local NHS Clinical Commissioning Groups.

"They too are committed to making sure that the young people of our county are engaged in positive activities that teach them valuable skills whilst benefiting the rest of their community."

Lifestyle 2016 will be launched later in the spring. To find out how you can be involved, email suzanne.asquith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

**13 April 2016**

Posted on 15 June 2016 at 10:16am in News stories
