```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-02-19T16:46:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The gully covers have been taken from Willow Bank, Poplar Grove, Station Avenue, Hawthorne Terrace South and Hawthorne Terrace North at around 7am on Tuesday 16 February 2021. A white van was seen to be acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the thefts. Anyone who saw anything suspicious, or who saw a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following thefts of gully covers in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-thefts-of-gully-covers-in-york/
title: Appeal following thefts of gully covers in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-thefts-of-gully-covers-in-york/
```

Last modified: 19 February 2021 at 04:46pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a series of gully cover thefts across the city

The gully covers have been taken from Willow Bank, Poplar Grove, Station Avenue, Hawthorne Terrace South and Hawthorne Terrace North at around 7am on Tuesday 16 February 2021.

A white van was seen to be acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the thefts. Anyone who saw anything suspicious, or who saw a white van in the area at the time of the incidents, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Local police and officers from City of York Council warn that these thefts cause danger to public safety as they leave large holes in the road uncovered.

James Gilchrist, Assistant Director of Transport, Highways and Environment, City of York Council, said: “This is a shocking and incredibly dangerous act of vandalism. Over 50 gully covers have been stolen in parts of the city, which has required our frontline teams to act quickly to make these uncovered areas safe. This theft is one of the most selfish we’ve encountered. Not only is this a serious danger to the public, it’s taken additional resources, time and money to replace covers, at a time when our crews are already stretched. We are checking our traffic and CCTV cameras to support the police in their investigation and would like to appeal to anyone with information to please contact the police.”

Contact details:
 Bradley Bailey \- #1147
bradley.bailey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31147
Incident reference:
 12210060668
Posted on 19 February 2021 at 04:46pm in Local appeals
