```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-23T15:26:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-23T15:17:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Tomorrow (Saturday 24 November 2018), police will be at Haleys Terrace (between Haxby Road and Huntington Road) from 9.30am to 11.30am. They will also be at Marjorie Waite Court (off Burton Stone Lane) from 1pm to 3pm. People living nearby are invited to take along any valuable items of property to be security marked for [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Local police put property security on the agenda in York this weekend - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-police-put-property-security-on-the-agenda-in-york-this-weekend/
title: Local police put property security on the agenda in York this weekend
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/local-police-put-property-security-on-the-agenda-in-york-this-weekend/
```

Last modified: 23 November 2018 at 03:26pm

York's Neighbourhood Policing Teams have a busy weekend in store - and officers are urging residents to take advantage of their services to help stay safe.

Tomorrow (Saturday 24 November 2018), police will be at Haleys Terrace (between Haxby Road and Huntington Road) from 9.30am to 11.30am. They will also be at Marjorie Waite Court (off Burton Stone Lane) from 1pm to 3pm.

People living nearby are invited to take along any valuable items of property to be security marked for free. Anyone with expensive tools and power tools is particularly urged to bring those along, as these items appear to have been specifically targeted by criminals in recent months.

The following day, local officers will be in Wheldrake conducting high-visibility patrols from 5pm to 7pm, making sure people's homes are secure, and offering crime prevention advice.

In addition, the team will be active in other undisclosed communities around York, including officers in plain clothes, aiming to identify and disrupt any opportunist criminals.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Outer Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "This is just a few of our activities in another busy weekend for the Neighbourhood Policing Team, as we are out in force keeping our communities safe. Please help us to help you by coming along to a property marking session, keeping your home secured, or talking to an officer on patrol about your own property security."

If you are aware of any suspicious activity in your area, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress.

Posted on 23 November 2018 at 03:17pm in News stories
