```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-22T15:02:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Having your vehicle broken into is an incredibly frustrating experience at the best of times \u2013 there\u2019s the mess to tidy up, the insurance to claim and the damage to repair. But it\u2019s even worse when items are stolen from inside your car or van at the same time. If those items are valuable \u2013 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/12/paulabooth.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Steals on wheels - don&#039;t fall victim to vehicle-targeting thieves - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/steals-on-wheels-dont-fall-victim-to-vehicle-targeting-thieves/
title: Steals on wheels - don't fall victim to vehicle-targeting thieves
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/steals-on-wheels-dont-fall-victim-to-vehicle-targeting-thieves/
```

Last modified: 22 May 2018 at 04:02pm

Superintendent Paula Booth is North Yorkshire Police’s County Commander covering the districts of Harrogate, Craven, Hambleton and Richmondshire. Following a number of thefts from unattended cars and vans in Harrogate, here Supt Booth looks at how we take action to stop them – and how you can protect yourself.

Having your vehicle broken into is an incredibly frustrating experience at the best of times – there’s the mess to tidy up, the insurance to claim and the damage to repair.

But it’s even worse when items are stolen from inside your car or van at the same time. If those items are valuable – such as work tools – their loss can have a huge knock-on effect on your livelihood.

Tools are expensive, hard to replace – and relied upon by individuals and small businesses to carry out work. So if they’re stolen, the impact can be devastating.

Unfortunately, over the last few months there have been a number of thefts, or attempted thefts, involving unattended vehicles in Harrogate.

In particular, commercial vehicles have been targeted, and in several crimes, power tools worth many thousands of pounds have been stolen.

While the number of incidents has decreased substantially in recent weeks, I’d like to take the opportunity to explain what we’re doing to tackle this issue, and how you can help.

We know that many incidents in North Yorkshire, and particularly Harrogate, are often linked to cross-border criminality – that means offenders travelling from outside the county to target affluent or rural areas. (Around 20 per cent of crimes in North Yorkshire are committed by people who do not live here).

Of course, these criminals usually use the road network to enter North Yorkshire, which is why we have invested in Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology to help us to identify suspect vehicles and patterns of activity, so that we can detect, disrupt and deter criminal behaviour.

Our ANPR Hub, based in our Force Control Room, has dedicated staff who monitor and assess live information relating to vehicles connected to criminality, and build up intelligence about their movements.

We also have a number of proactive resources – such as our roads policing group and operational support unit – which can respond to this information in real-time to deploy and support local police.

All these resources proved their worth when a man was arrested in April on suspicion of a number of thefts from vehicles in Harrogate. After a car failed to stop for officers in Ripon, it made off through the city and headed towards Harrogate on the A61. Specially-trained officers deployed a stinger device on the road, the car was brought to a stop, and the driver was arrested on suspicion of seven thefts or attempted thefts from vehicles in the York and Harrogate area. Those investigations are ongoing.

However, we also need your help in the fight against crime.

Following a few simple security steps now can save a great deal of inconvenience later. It almost goes without saying, but please always check your doors are locked and alarmed before leaving your vehicle unattended.

Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser and, if you have a garage, please use it. If your van is parked on a driveway, consider installing security lighting. If neither of these are possible, at least try to park in well-lit areas.

Keys should never be left in the ignition, in the same place where the vehicle is kept, or near the front door of your home – thieves will know exactly where to look for them.

And if you can avoid it, don’t leave tools in vehicles unattended or overnight. You could even consider placing a sign in the window stating they have been removed.

Then there’s property marking – a great piece of technology that makes it quick and easy to protect your expensive tools.

Working alongside our colleagues at the Community Safety Partnership, we offer free ‘drop-in’ sessions where you can bring your property to be engraved with a unique number. This makes stolen items much harder to sell on, and helps us reunite you with your property when we recover it.

In just one session at B&Q in April, we marked over 70 items – which is 70 items that are now much more protected against crime. We’ll keep you updated about future property marking sessions via the pages of this newspaper, our social media accounts and the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system (sign up for free at www.nycm.co.uk).

Finally, it’s important to emphasise how important your information can be. Perhaps you have CCTV or dash-cam footage which could help an ongoing investigation. Maybe you’ve been offered tools for sale in suspicious circumstances. Or it could simply be that you notice something ‘not quite right’ where you live – for example, someone paying attention to certain vehicles, or headlights in isolated areas late at night.

Whatever it is, we need to hear from you. Don’t hesitate to call us on 101 to report your concerns. Or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous. No matter how seemingly insignificant, your information could help us build up a picture of offending, and ultimately help bring criminals to justice.

Posted on 22 May 2018 at 04:02pm in News stories
