```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-23T11:50:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives have issued a fresh appeal for vital witnesses to come forward following an aggravated burglary in Pannal.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Harrogate aggravated burglary - appeal to trace small silver vehicle - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-aggravated-burglary-appeal-to-trace-small-silver-vehicle/
title: Harrogate aggravated burglary - appeal to trace small silver vehicle
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-aggravated-burglary-appeal-to-trace-small-silver-vehicle/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Detectives have issued a fresh appeal for vital witnesses to come forward following an aggravated burglary in Pannal.

Extensive enquiries have identified new information regarding a small silver motor vehicle seen in the area prior to the incident.

North Yorkshire Police were called at around 9.20pm on Friday 6 February, after three men broke into a property on Brackenthwaite Lane, in Pannal. The men, who were wearing dark clothing and had their faces covered, threatened the homeowners before stealing jewellery and cash.

Detectives are now appealing for the occupants of the small silver vehicle to come forward. It was seen parked on the road for a period of time, with a number of people inside, before the incident.

DC Vincent Formosa, of Harrogate CID, said: "I would like to appeal to anyone who has seen a small silver vehicle in the Brackenthwaite Lane area, and can provide information describing the vehicle, its occupants and the times they have seen it, to contact the police.

"In addition, if you are the owner of the vehicle, please get in touch as you may have vital information that could help this investigation.

"I would like to reassure the public that every effort is being made to identify the people responsible for this incident and bring them to justice."

Extensive enquiries remain ongoing into this incident. Anyone who can help the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC Vincent Formosa or Harrogate CID. If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 23 February 2015 at 11:50am in News stories
