```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-21T15:38:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-21T12:21:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Station Road, York at approximately 5.20pm on Tuesday 8 December 2020. It is reported that two men approached the victim near to a bus stop between Lendal Bridge and the railway station. One of the men has assaulted the victim, a man in his 20s, by pushing him to the chest and [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a recent assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-recent-assault-in-york/
title: Appeal following a recent assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-recent-assault-in-york/
```

Last modified: 21 December 2020 at 03:38pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Station Road, York.

It happened on Station Road, York at approximately 5.20pm on Tuesday 8 December 2020.

It is reported that two men approached the victim near to a bus stop between Lendal Bridge and the railway station. One of the men has assaulted the victim, a man in his 20s, by pushing him to the chest and attempting to punch him several times. It is reported some of the incident occurred on the road and traffic had to avoid the pair.

The man is described as a white, aged approximately in his early 30s with fine, dark stubble and was wearing a dark blue hoody and grey tracksuit bottoms at the time of the incident. He was described as having a plastic bike lock around his neck and was in company with a white male, aged approximately late 20s with brown hair and a burgundy sweatshirt, riding a cycle at the time of the incident.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the males involved.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 840 You can also email 000840@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200223409

Contact details:
 J SHANLEY \- #0840
000840@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12200223409
Posted on 21 December 2020 at 12:21pm in Local appeals
