```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-17T17:24:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: David Roy Myers, 67, of Green Park, Cayton was jailed on Friday 13 December at York Crown Court after he was found guilty of multiple child sex offences. Myers pleaded not guilty to all 22 charges against him, but a jury found him guilty of eight counts of indecent assault on a girl under 14 [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/12/David-Roy-Myers-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cayton man sentenced to 11 years in prison for historic child sexual abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cayton-man-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-for-historic-child-sexual-abuse/
title: Cayton man sentenced to 11 years in prison for historic child sexual abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cayton-man-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-for-historic-child-sexual-abuse/
```

Last modified: 17 December 2019 at 05:24pm

A Cayton man has been sentenced to 11 years in prison plus an additional two years on licence for non-recent child sex offences.

David Roy Myers, 67, of Green Park, Cayton was jailed on Friday 13 December at York Crown Court after he was found guilty of multiple child sex offences.
Myers pleaded not guilty to all 22 charges against him, but a jury found him guilty of eight counts of indecent assault on a girl under 14 years, one count of indecent assault on a girl under 16 years and one count of inciting a girl under 14 years to commit an act of gross indecency. He was found not guilty of one count of rape and two counts of indecent assault on a girl under 16 years.

The investigation into the crimes, for which Myers was sentenced on Friday, was conducted by North Yorkshire Police’s Criminal Investigation Team over a period of two and a half years.

Following sentencing, Detective Constable Nadine Evans, said:
“Myers has caused a lifetime of suffering for his victims. His refusal to admit guilt for any of his offences meant that his victims had to endure the trial and the often unpleasant task of giving evidence in court.

“The victims showed immense bravery, courage and resilience and I would like to thank each and every one of them for coming forward.

“Myers’ sentencing reflects the grave nature of his crimes and I hope this can bring some closure to the women who have had to live with the consequences of his depraved actions for so long.”

The remaining nine charges were quashed.

**If you are a victim of sexual abuse**

Child sexual abuse is a foremost priority for North Yorkshire Police and all reports will be fully investigated.
If you are a victim of a sexual offence, it doesn’t matter when the abuse happened, whether it’s happening now or occurred 50 years ago. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available.

Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

North Yorkshire Police appreciates that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

To report a sexual crime to the police call 101.

If you are in immediate danger, always call 999.

If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.

Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111

NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002

If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

Posted on 17 December 2019 at 05:24pm in News stories
