```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-21T11:02:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police and educational institutions in York have joined forces to make sure young people studying in the city stay safe.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Education day aims to ensure York\u2019s students stay safe - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/education-day-aims-ensure-yorks-students-stay-safe/
title: "Education day aims to ensure York\u2019s students stay safe"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/education-day-aims-ensure-yorks-students-stay-safe/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police and educational institutions in York have joined forces to make sure young people studying in the city stay safe.

View image

Welfare and security staff from York St John University, the University of York and York College attended a training and education day with North Yorkshire Police officers and local charities earlier this month.

The day, on Thursday 6 October, focused on vulnerability, providing the right support to students, and protecting them from drinking to excess, drugs, domestic abuse, hate crime and other issues affecting young people.

Attendees received presentations from Supporting Victims, the Lifeline drug abuse charity, and police officers with specialist training in dealing with hate crime, sexual abuse and modern-day slavery.

Inspector Lee Pointon, who hosted the day, said: "York is a very safe city in which to live, work and study, so students can be reassured that they are attending university or college in one of the safest places in the country.

"However, when problems or issues do arise, it’s very important that students have access to the right support. This education day brought together key staff from charities, police and educational institutions, to ensure that we all have the right skills and knowledge to keep students safe.

"The day was extremely well received and this initiative is something that we hope will continue in the future."

Nic Streatfield, Head of Student Services at York St John University, said: "The specialist programme of training provided by the police was insightful, thought-provoking and practical and will equip our staff to deal with any incidents appropriately and recognise when to involve specialist care services.

"York St John University has introduced its own anti-bullying and harassment policy and has a network of volunteer advisors to support its students. We are pleased that the training involved the University of York and York College as part of a city-wide approach to tackling violence and harassment and working with the police continues to be priority as the University responds to these issues."

Jill Ellis, Deputy Director of Student Support at the University of York, said: "Ensuring our students have a safe and enjoyable experience while at York is of paramount importance and we are committed to a number of initiatives designed to highlight and enhance student safety both on and off campus.

"The University's students' union works with North Yorkshire Police to deliver vulnerable person training to venues across the city and other initiatives include health and safety briefings, campaigns around mental health and staying safe near the city's rivers.

"By working with our partners across York we can ensure the city remains one of the safest in the country to live and study."

Julie Murgatroyd, Personal Advisor – Student Services, at York College, said: "The training was insightful and informative with first-class presentations to broaden our knowledge of Staying Safe issues, and in particular Staying Safe reporting procedures."

Posted on 21 October 2016 at 11:02am in News stories
