```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-14T13:42:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Approximately 300 people took part in the demonstration and march between 12.30pm and just after 2.30pm, which was prompted by the official visit to the UK by President Donald Trump. Our officers were on hand to facilitate peaceful protest, minimise disruption for other people and businesses in the city centre, and to ensure safety by [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Community thanked following protest in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-thanked-following-protest-in-york/
title: Community thanked following protest in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/community-thanked-following-protest-in-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council thank residents and business for their patience and support during the protest in York city centre on Saturday (14 July 2018).

Approximately 300 people took part in the demonstration and march between 12.30pm and just after 2.30pm, which was prompted by the official visit to the UK by President Donald Trump.

Our officers were on hand to facilitate peaceful protest, minimise disruption for other people and businesses in the city centre, and to ensure safety by providing a reassuring presence.

Support was also provided by the British Transport Police.

There were no issues or incidents connected to the protest.

Superintendent Mark Khan said: "Together with City of York Council and our community partners, we have well-rehearsed plans in place for dealing with such events.

“The detailed planning that has gone into managing the demonstration on Saturday has ensured it has passed off peacefully and without incident.

“We thank the organisers for their co-operation and those who attended for their help in keeping disruption to a minimum.

"In particular, we are pleased to have minimised disruption for businesses, residents and people shopping in the city centre on an extremely busy day for York.

“I sincerely thank the local community for their continued support, understanding and patience.”

Posted on 14 July 2018 at 02:42pm in News stories
