```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T11:13:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-13T11:12:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about criminal damage that occurred on Valley Road, Scarborough on Wednesday 13th January.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\xA315,000 of damage caused in Valley Road, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/15000-damage-caused-valley-road-scarborough/
title: "\xA315,000 of damage caused in Valley Road, Scarborough"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/15000-damage-caused-valley-road-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 11:13am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about criminal damage that occurred on Valley Road, Scarborough on Wednesday 13th January.

The incident took place on Valley Road junction, Weaponess Valley Road at 10.50pm on 13th January 2016 and involved two suspects causing damage to a surveying machine that was in use at the time.

The owner of the machine was in the process of mapping the area for future development.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about two white males that were seen to cause the damage.

One man is described as white, six feet tall, mid twenties in age, slim build, clean shaven, with short dark hair. He was wearing a grey tracksuit that had blue sections on the front.

The other man is white, mid thirties in age, shorter than the other man, with facial hair and wearing a blue top.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for 1392.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160007418.

Date 13th January 2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160007418

Posted on 13 January 2016 at 11:12am in News stories
