```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-01T09:51:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Rommel Morgan, 24, of Ilbert Avenue, Bradford, was arrested in February by officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Operation Expedite team \u2013 the force\u2019s proactive \u201Ccounty lines\u201D team. While patrolling in plain clothes in the Woodfield Road area, officers spotted Morgan who was seen to meet up with a couple and exchange items. As the three [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Rommel-Morgan-06111994-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Another &quot;county lines&quot; drug dealer jailed thanks to proactive policing in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/another-county-lines-drug-dealer-jailed-thanks-to-proactive-policing-in-harrogate/
title: Another "county lines" drug dealer jailed thanks to proactive policing in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/another-county-lines-drug-dealer-jailed-thanks-to-proactive-policing-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2019 at 09:51am

A Bradford drug dealer who was found in Harrogate with over 200 wraps of heroin and cocaine has been jailed for six years and nine months.

Rommel Morgan, 24, of Ilbert Avenue, Bradford, was arrested in February by officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Operation Expedite team – the force’s proactive “county lines” team.

While patrolling in plain clothes in the Woodfield Road area, officers spotted Morgan who was seen to meet up with a couple and exchange items. As the three separated, Morgan ran off from the officers but ran into a branch, became unsteady and fell to ground. As he did so, his trousers fell down and a number of items fell out, including a package full of 78 wraps of crack cocaine and 31 wraps of heroin, along with over £200 in various denominations. Despite falling, he got up and continued to run, followed by a police who quickly caught up with him. Officers seized the items and arrested him.

While under investigation for this incident, Morgan was arrested again in August following reports of drug dealing on Skipton Road in Harrogate. Officers attended and enquiries led them to a flat where Morgan had been staying.

Officers entered the flat and saw Morgan in the communal area. They searched him and recovered £615 from his sock and after searching the flat, found 57 wraps of cocaine and 46 wraps of heroin along with extensive evidence of drug use. He was arrested and subsequently charged with four counts of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply, and two of possessing criminal property – the money made from drug dealing.

Detective Constable Tom Barker of Harrogate’s Operation Expedite team, said: “Morgan’s tactics were classic county lines, travelling from Bradford to Harrogate to pedal his drugs and staying with local people. Drug dealing is causing misery in our communities and I hope this latest case sends a clear message that we are out there watching, you might not see us, but we’re there and we will take action.”

Morgan was sentenced at York Crown Court on 31 October 2019 for the following offences to which he pleaded guilty in September:

• Two counts of possessing class A drugs on 13 February 2019: two concurrent sentences of 81 months
• One count of possessing criminal property on 13 February 2019 (£200+): 11 months concurrent
• Two counts of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply on 30 August 2019: two concurrent sentences of 81 months
• One count of possessing criminal property on 30 August 2019 (£615): 11 months concurrent
County lines
“County lines” is the term given to a form of organised crime in which drug dealers from urban areas exploit vulnerable people - including children - and force them to deal drugs in smaller towns and cities. It takes its name from the mobile phone lines used by dealers to communicate between towns, take orders & conduct their “business”. The lines are used to advertise drugs for sale and mass text messages are sent to users letting them know where and when they can buy drugs. The lines become valuable protected “brands”. Violence and intimidation is prevalent within county lines. Due to the exploitation of vulnerable people associated with it, it is a key, operational priority for North Yorkshire Police.

A major concern for North Yorkshire Police is a practice known as cuckooing, which is where drug dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person and use it to store and sell drugs. They often use violence and intimidation to achieve this. Cuckooing victims are often drug users themselves, and people who are vulnerable due to a mental or physical disability, their age or lifestyle, such as sex workers and single mothers. They are often given free drugs in return for allowing dealers to stay at their home. Resulting in them being dependent on the dealers and “owing” them a debt.

The force works with housing providers partner agencies and carries out regular welfare checks on known victims of cuckooing, and offers interventions including drug and alcohol support. It also uses cease and desist notices which is a formal warning to householders to stop suspected criminal activity.

Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of cuckooing in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have. Signs to look out for include:

• Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.
DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is being involved in drug dealing, but all the police.
Look out for the signs that a young person you know might be exploited by drug dealers:
• Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area;
• Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
• Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
• Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
• Leaving home / care without explanation
• Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
• Carrying weapons
• Significant decline in school results / performance
• Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
• Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being
Call the police on 101 or visit our website for partner agencies who can offer help and support northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/young-people-and-drugs-where-to-get-help/

Posted on 1 November 2019 at 09:51am in News stories
