```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:15:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-11T13:14:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police would like to thank the public for their response to the earlier appeal for information following reports of a distressed man and woman in the Boroughbridge Road area of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update - Appeal for information regarding distressed man and woman near A1237 in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-appeal-information-regarding-distressed-man-woman-near-a1237-york/
title: Update - Appeal for information regarding distressed man and woman near A1237 in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-appeal-information-regarding-distressed-man-woman-near-a1237-york/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:15pm

North Yorkshire Police would like to thank the public for their response to the earlier appeal for information following reports of a distressed man and woman in the Boroughbridge Road area of York.

The man and woman have been located and are receiving the appropriate support.

**Appeal for information regarding distressed man and woman near A1237 in York**

North Yorkshire Police were contacted this morning by a witness, reporting that they had seen a distressed man and woman at around 5.40am on Boroughbridge Road in York, near to the old Civil Service sports fields inbetween the A1237 and A59 roundabout and the roundabout at the junction with Beckfield Lane.

Police are currently searching in the area to locate the man and woman, to ensure their safety.

The woman was reported to be in her mid 30's with blondish hair and wearing a short cream skirt and a white short sleeved top. The man was described as also being in his mid 30's, of slim build, with blondish hair and wearing a top which was lighter than his trousers.

Anyone who may have any information which would assist in identifying the woman and the man, or anyone who was travelling along either the A1237 or A59 near Boroughbridge Road between 5am and 6am who may have witnessed either of the described individuals or anything out of the ordinary, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. Please ask to speak to Force Control Room.

Police are also appealing to the man or the woman to contact them directly so that their wellbeing can be ascertained.

11 June 2016.

Posted on 11 June 2016 at 01:14pm in News stories
