```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-18T14:57:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-18T14:30:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The move is part of an overall estates strategy, instigated by the elected Police, Fire &amp; Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, which prioritises investment in people, rather than property. The strategy aims to cut costs by co-locating police teams with other public sector organisations in shared accommodation, so that the local police presence is maintained, while [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/From-left-Commissioner-Julia-Mulligan-Chief-Constable-Lisa-Winward-and-Leader-of-Selby-District-Council-Cllr-Mark-Crane-e1591895785180.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New home for Selby police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-home-for-selby-police/
title: New home for Selby police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-home-for-selby-police/
```

Last modified: 18 June 2019 at 03:57pm

Police and Council leaders met today (18 June 2019) at a special event to mark the relocation of North Yorkshire Police’s Selby team to their permanent new home within Selby Civic Centre.

The move is part of an overall estates strategy, instigated by the elected Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, which prioritises investment in people, rather than property. The strategy aims to cut costs by co-locating police teams with other public sector organisations in shared accommodation, so that the local police presence is maintained, while police buildings that are no longer suitable, or that are too expensive to maintain, can be sold.

At the Civic Centre in Selby, the police will share the building with Selby District Council. The Doncaster Road site also includes the hospital.

The “in principle” decision for the Selby move was taken in 2015. Since then, the police estates team have developed the detailed plans, obtained planning permission, adapted the building for police use, and extended the car park to accommodate police operational vehicles.

The Civic Centre is now the base for the 70-strong Selby police team, which includes neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs, response police officers, Special Constables and other volunteers, and front counter police staff. The front counter, which averages around 13 visitors a day, will operate from Civic Centre reception, and will be open from 9am to 4pm every weekday. A number of services are also now available online via the police website.

The new police accommodation includes modern offices and new IT equipment, meeting rooms, locker space, a voluntary attendee interview room and a front counter. Other meeting and kitchen facilities in the building are shared with Council employees.

As a result of the move North Yorkshire Police will halve its annual office running costs in Selby, and will also save on the capital maintenance costs that would have been necessary if the team had remained in the old station on Portholme Road. The Portholme Road site will now be put up for sale, and North Yorkshire Police has already received some interest from potential buyers.

Julia Mulligan, the elected Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner, said:

"I’d like to thank everyone involved in making this move happen. It’s good to see local policing and local council teams come together in one location, as my aim is to provide the best possible service to the public.

“It will of course also help us save money on buildings, releasing more resources for frontline services. This is a great example of how by working together, we can save money and enhance services at the same time.”

Commenting on the move, Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“It has taken some time to achieve, but I’m really pleased with our new operational base at the Civic Centre. It’s a quality modern building that suits our needs.

“We have a very dedicated policing team here in Selby, who have built strong working relationships with colleagues in the Council. Now we’re at Civic Centre we’ll be just next door to each other, which will be a real boost for partnership working.

“Budgets are tight in policing, so we need to keep a grip on our finances, and reduce our running costs where we can. The move to Civic Centre will save us money on maintenance, but we are definitely not cutting our service. It’s a new base, but we’re the same team, with the same commitment to keeping Selby safe.”

Leader of Selby District Council, Cllr Mark Crane, explained the advantages of working from the same site, “This supports the already strong working relationship with the police to deal with issues that matter most to people living and working in our area, including dealing with things like fly tipping. The move also makes sense for the public purse, helping to deliver better services more efficiently.”

Information about the Selby policing team, including the new address, is at: www.northyorkshire.police.uk/selby

Posted on 18 June 2019 at 03:30pm in News stories
