```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-24T16:57:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers were called at around 1.30pm to reports that a group of around 20 people were fighting in the grounds and in the street outside the hotel. Detectives previously issued an appeal for information and are now appealing for a specific, potential witness to come forward. A man and two or three young children, one [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vital witness sought following disturbance in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witness-sought-following-disturbance-york/
title: Vital witness sought following disturbance in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witness-sought-following-disturbance-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for a vital witness to come forward following a disturbance in the grounds of the Judge’s Lodgings Hotel on Lendal on the afternoon of Saturday 22 October 2016.

Officers were called at around 1.30pm to reports that a group of around 20 people were fighting in the grounds and in the street outside the hotel.

Detectives previously issued an appeal for information and are now appealing for a specific, potential witness to come forward.

A man and two or three young children, one with a pink rucksack, were sat outside the Judges Lodgings at the time of the disturbance.

The man went into the pub leaving the children in the seats in the outside area and it was whilst he was inside the pub that the disturbance took place.

Officers want to trace the man as he could have important information which could help the investigation.

The man and anyone else that could help the investigation is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Investigation Hub, or email InvestigationHubYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160192237

**Original release for guidance
**

**Appeal for images and information following disturbance in York**

Police in York are appealing for images and information following a disturbance in the grounds of the Judge’s Lodgings Hotel on Lendal on the afternoon of Saturday 22 October 2016.

Officers were called at around 1.30pm to reports that a group of around 20 people were fighting in the grounds and in the street outside the hotel.

Detectives are appealing to any customers or passing members of the public who witnessed the incident, and to anyone who has any video footage or still images of the disorder, to contact them.

Police have not received any reports of anyone being injured during the disturbance.

Anyone with any information that could help the investigation is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Investigation Hub, or email InvestigationHubYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160192237

Posted on 24 November 2016 at 04:57pm in News stories
