```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-09-10T16:30:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The figures\_were published today by the Howard League for Penal Reform, which praised North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s &#8220;positive approach&#8221; to the issue. Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, of North Yorkshire Police, said: &#8220;These figures are excellent news for North Yorkshire Police, and are testament to our efforts to keep the number of child arrests to a [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Child arrest figures highlight police&#039;s positive approach - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/child-arrest-figures-highlight-polices-positive-approach/
title: Child arrest figures highlight police's positive approach
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/child-arrest-figures-highlight-polices-positive-approach/
```

Last modified: 10 September 2018 at 05:30pm

Police have welcomed figures that show arrests of children in North Yorkshire have reduced by 77 per cent in the last seven years.

The figures were published today by the Howard League for Penal Reform, which praised North Yorkshire Police's "positive approach" to the issue.

Assistant Chief Constable Phil Cain, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "These figures are excellent news for North Yorkshire Police, and are testament to our efforts to keep the number of child arrests to a minimum.

"Our positive approach highlighted by the Howard League includes the restorative justice opportunities available to victims of youth crime, and our work with partners to divert young people away from a life of crime to become responsible members of society.

"We are continuing to work with our partners in Safeguarding to also ensure that we recognise some childhood offending is a symptom of a child who is vulnerable, and so we can ensure they are given appropriate support."

Frances Crook, Chief Executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, said: "This is the seventh year in a row that we have seen a significant reduction in the number of child arrests across England and Wales, and North Yorkshire Police's positive approach has contributed to that transformation.

"It is a phenomenal achievement by the police and the Howard League, and it means that tens of thousands of children will have a brighter future without their life chances being blighted by unnecessary police contact and criminal records.

"We have come a long way, but there is still more work to do. The Howard League has launched a programme to end the criminalisation of children in residential care, and our research also highlights the need for better understanding of child criminal exploitation. Children who have been trafficked to commit crime should be seen as victims first and foremost."

**Child arrest figures for North Yorkshire Police**

2010: 4,525
2011: 3,644
2012: 1,152
2013: 1,556
2014: 1,445
2015: 1,317
2016: 1,291
2017: 1,034

Posted on 10 September 2018 at 05:30pm in News stories
