```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-11T13:44:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued efits of a suspect involved in two robberies in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Efit1-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efits issued as investigation into York robberies continues - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efits-issued-investigation-york-robberies-continues/
title: Efits issued as investigation into York robberies continues
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efits-issued-investigation-york-robberies-continues/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police have issued efits of a suspect involved in two robberies in York.

Officers have also had a report of a third incident at around the same time, which is also thought to be linked.

In the first incident, at about 11.45pm on Friday 5 May 2017, a man and a woman walking along Newborough Street were approached by three men riding bikes from the direction of Shipton Street. One of the men head-butted the male victim, aged in his 20s, in the face. He then produced a knife and demanded that the victim give him his wallet. The victim walked away from the suspect. No items were taken from him, but he did require hospital treatment for a facial injury.

The second incident took place very soon after, when a man, aged in his 20s, was approached on Grosvenor Road by three men on bicycles. One of them produced a knife and demanded the victim hand over his wallet. The victim did so, and the three men cycled off towards Scarborough Terrace. The stolen wallet was brown leather and contained cash and bank cards.

Efits of one of the men has been compiled from the first two incidents. Anyone who recognises him is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

In the third incident, seconds later, two men were approached on Grosvenor Terrace by three men on bikes. One suspect threatened the men with a knife, before heading off towards the A19 at the end of Grosvenor Terrace on their bikes. No one was injured and no property was taken.

Officers from York Neighbourhood Policing Team have been conducting extra reassurance patrols in the area as the investigation into the robberies continues.

Anyone with information about the robberies, or who recognises the man pictured in the efits, is asked to contact DC Robert Brook, of the York Serious Crime Team. Please dial 101 and select option 2. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference numbers 12170077433, 12170077434 or 12170079911 when passing information.

Posted on 11 May 2017 at 01:44pm in News stories
