```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-04-26T08:57:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Speeding Speeding on our roads is an all too common offence throughout Richmondshire, both within the Richmond, Catterick, and Garrison areas, but also within the Dales sections on the country roads towards Hawes. We have been working with Operation Aegis to prevent collisions which result in serious or fatal injury through a mixture of education [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Mark-Gee.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Mark Gee: quarterly update on local policing in Richmondshire - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-mark-gee-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-richmondshire/
title: 'Inspector Mark Gee: quarterly update on local policing in Richmondshire'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-mark-gee-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-richmondshire/
```

Last modified: 26 April 2019 at 09:57am

Mark is the Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for Richmondshire and has over 25 years of policing experience, mainly within Neighbourhood Policing at all ranks. With summer fast approaching, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area…

**Speeding**

Speeding on our roads is an all too common offence throughout Richmondshire, both within the Richmond, Catterick, and Garrison areas, but also within the Dales sections on the country roads towards Hawes. We have been working with Operation Aegis to prevent collisions which result in serious or fatal injury through a mixture of education and enforcement. As part of this operation, our teams have been using all tactical enforcement methods available to them – high visibility patrols, unmarked patrols, covert patrols, unmarked motorcycle equipped with speed detection and video recording equipment, safety camera vans and the National Police Air Service helicopter. We also regularly host speed awareness courses in colleges and for the soldiers at Catterick Garrison with the aim of preventing speeding offences it before they happen.

**Anti-social behaviour**

In Richmond we see occasional anti-social behaviour during the night time economy. Anti-social behaviour can often cause concern within our community, and can lead to criminal offences which is why we prioritise this. We have been working closely with over 77 members of Pub Watch schemes across Richmondshire to create a safer drinking environment in licensed premises. Pub Watch enables communication and collective action between licensees’ to ban trouble makers and to create early warning systems. We have a also been targeting hotspots such as parks, retail areas, town centres e.g. Richmond, and Catterick Garrison with high visible patrols to prevent crime and anti-social behaviour. We pleased that we have seen reductions in overall anti-social behaviour in the last year however we want to reduce this further over the coming weeks and months and will continue to use all available powers to ensure Richmondshire is a safe and pleasant place for everyone.

**Vehicle contents theft**

We’d seen a number of thefts from commercial vehicles in the Catterick Garrison area with vans especially being targeted in order to steal tools and plant equipment. As such, we have been targeting hotspots within Richmondshire with high visibility patrols, with the aim to deter any criminal activity on vehicles and to catch offenders. We’ve also been educating vehicle owners on the risks of leaving tools, wallets, expensive equipment and Satellite navigation systems on display and using covert methods to target offenders and track stolen property. Thieves beware!

**Get in touch**

If you would like to speak to someone in the team, our opening hours and contact details at each of our police stations are listed below:

 * Catterick Police Station | Beach Head Lines, Richmond Road, Catterick Garrison DL9 3JG | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13105 | Opening hours: Mon-Fri — 9am - 12.30pm
 * Hawes Community Office | Hawes, North Yorkshire DL83RA | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri — Appointment only
 * Leyburn | Grove Square, Leyburn DL8 5AQ | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13110 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri — Appointment only, Fri - Sat — 11am - 1pm
 * Richmond Police Station | I'Anson Road , Richmond, North Yorkshire DL10 4ND | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13163 | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm, Friday — 9am - 4.30pm

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website at northyorksire.police.uk

Posted on 26 April 2019 at 09:57am in News stories
