```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-04T15:38:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A woman in her 60s was attacked in York on Tuesday, 2 January. Detectives have today renewed their appeal for information as further details of the suspect have come to light. He is described as around 5ft 9ins or 5ft 10ins tall and of thin build, with dark hair and a dark, olive complexion. He [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Detectives issue description of York sex attack suspect - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/description-york-sex-attack-suspect/
title: Detectives issue description of York sex attack suspect
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/description-york-sex-attack-suspect/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Police investigating a serious sexual assault have released a description of the suspect.

A woman in her 60s was attacked in York on Tuesday, 2 January.

Detectives have today renewed their appeal for information as further details of the suspect have come to light.

He is described as around 5ft 9ins or 5ft 10ins tall and of thin build, with dark hair and a dark, olive complexion.

He possibly had a well-groomed beard.

He was wearing a dark-coloured baseball cap, with dark clothing and jeans.

The victim was with the man at around 7pm near Lendal Bridge. She then walked with the man, down the side of the River Ouse in the direction of Scarborough Bridge, passing the Esplanade car park and the Post Office building on her left hand side.

The victim and the man then crossed over Scarborough Bridge and, once over the bridge, continued walking alongside the river, out of town towards the back of St Peter’s school and Clifton Bridge.

When they approached the back of St Peter’s school, the man subjected the woman to a serious sexual and physical assault and stole money from her.

Detective Inspector Alan Rowan, who is leading the investigation for North Yorkshire Police, said: "Anyone who thinks they may know this man, or saw anyone matching his description in the area around the time of the incident, needs to come forward.

"This was a horrendous attack on a vulnerable woman, and any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could be very valuable to our investigation."

Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1 and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12180001044.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 4 January 2018 at 03:38pm in News stories
