```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-06T15:08:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-07T09:00:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; It has been three years since the last national firearms surrender, when forces again asked members of the public to surrender unlawfully held or unwanted guns and ammunition to prevent them from getting into criminal hands. Many firearms are held in innocence or are overlooked and forgotten in people\u2019s homes. Others are acquired and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Amnesty-pic-1-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police urge public to hand in weapons as part of national surrender - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-urge-public-hand-weapons-part-national-surrender/
title: North Yorkshire Police urge public to hand in weapons as part of national surrender
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-urge-public-hand-weapons-part-national-surrender/
```

Last modified: 6 November 2017 at 03:08pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for people to hand in unwanted guns as part of a two-week national surrender of firearms and ammunition, starting on 13 November 2017.

It has been three years since the last national firearms surrender, when forces again asked members of the public to surrender unlawfully held or unwanted guns and ammunition to prevent them from getting into criminal hands.

Many firearms are held in innocence or are overlooked and forgotten in people’s homes. Others are acquired and distributed by criminal networks to harm, threaten and intimidate their local communities.

The surrender gives members of the public the chance to dispose of a firearm or ammunition by simply taking it to a local designated police station and handing it in.

Across North Yorkshire, and the wider Yorkshire and Humberside region, police will also accept other weapons including knives, ammunition and other offensive weapons.

The surrender will be held for two weeks in November 2017. Surrendering unwanted, unlicensed weapons avoids the risk of them becoming involved in criminality and means that members of the community can dispose of them in a safe place.

Illegal possession of a firearm can mean five years behind bars **in prison** and if you are found guilty of possession with intent to supply that can lead to a life sentence.

The surrender will run for two weeks from Monday 13 November to Sunday 26 November 2017.

During that time, those surrendering firearms, ammunition, knives and other offensive weapons will not face prosecution for the illegal possession upon surrender and can remain anonymous.

Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver of North Yorkshire Police’s Proactive Policing command said:

“Every weapon has the potential to fall into the wrong hands and have a devastating impact and I would **urge** anyone who is in possession of gun and other weapons to surrender them to the police safely and anonymously.

“Each weapon we retrieve has the potential to save a life.

“Perhaps you have a gun that has been handed down through the family or your loved on has a firearm in their shed which has been gathering dust and they have forgotten about.

“If you or a loved one possesses an illegal or unwanted firearm, or any other offensive weapon, now is your chance to do the right thing and hand them in, or tell us anonymously where they are.

“One weapon off the streets is one less that can be used to harm or threaten our communities.”

Weapons and ammunition should be surrendered at Malton, Richmond, Harrogate, Northallerton, Scarborough, York, Selby and Skipton Police stations however will be accepted at any North Yorkshire Police station. Anyone handing in a firearm, ammunition or any other weapon during the surrender is advised to check the opening times of their station by calling 101 or visiting northyorkshire.police.uk

“If you know of anyone involved in illegal firearms please call the police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

“Every call to Crimestoppers is anonymous and potentially vital to preventing or solving serious crimes; removing an illegally held firearm may just save someone’s life.”

_
_

_Police Stations taking part:_

Collections points will be placed in Richmond, Malton, Harrogate, Northallerton, Scarborough and York (Fulford Road), Selby and Skipton. People are asked to carry weapons as safely and securely as possible and to knives to the collection points wrapped in cardboard or thick paper for safety reasons.

Richmond Police Station

I'Anson Road , Richmond, North Yorkshire DL10 4ND

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13163

Opening hours:

Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm

Friday — 9am - 4.30pm

Malton Police Station

Old Malton Road, Malton, North Yorkshire YO17 7EY

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13116

Opening hours:

Mon - Thurs (closed bank holidays) — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 5pm

Fri — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 4.30pm

Harrogate Police Station

Beckwith Head Road, Harrogate, North Yorkshire HG3 1FR

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13133

Opening hours: Mon-Sun — 8am - 10pm

North Yorkshire Police Headquarters

Alverton Court, Crosby Road, Northallerton.

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13186

Opening hours: Mon - Sun — 0800 - 2000

Scarborough

Northway, Scarborough YO12 7AD

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13259

Opening hours: Mon-Sun — 8am - 10pm

Fulford Road Police Station

Fulford Road, York, YO10 4BY

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13271

Opening hours:

Monday - Sunday — 8am - 10pm

Saturday 22 July 2017 — 8am - 8pm

Sunday 23 July 2017 — 8am - 5pm

Selby Police Station

Portholme Road Selby North Yorkshire YO8 4QQ

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13166

Opening hours: Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm

Friday — 9am - 4:30pm

Skipton Police Station

Otley Road, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1EZ

Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13174

Email: SNAcraven@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Opening hours:

Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm

Fri — 9am - 4.30pm

Fri 22 September 2017 — closed

Posted on 7 November 2017 at 09:00am in News stories
