```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:09:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-03T10:14:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first happened between 4pm and 5pm on the evening of Wednesday 2 November 2016 when the suspects entered a house through an unlocked back door and stole bank cards which have since been used. The second break-in happened on the same night, just after 11pm when a brick was thrown through the window of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal and warning after two burglaries in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-warning-two-burglaries-harrogate/
title: Appeal and warning after two burglaries in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-warning-two-burglaries-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:09am

Police in Harrogate are appealing for information about two burglaries in Stonefall Avenue.

The first happened between 4pm and 5pm on the evening of Wednesday 2 November 2016 when the suspects entered a house through an unlocked back door and stole bank cards which have since been used.

The second break-in happened on the same night, just after 11pm when a brick was thrown through the window of EAT at No 3 café, and a small amount of money was taken.

Police are appealing to anyone who has any information about either burglary, particularly anyone who saw any suspicious people hanging around in the early evening or on the unmade road at the rear of terraced properties on Stonefall Avenue.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Constable Quita Passmore by calling 101 or via email _quita.passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk_

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12160199532 when passing on information.

Officers have also issued crime prevention advice and are urging residents to ensure that they always lock all their doors, even if they are at home.

Criminals are opportunist and will take any opportunity to sneak-in through an unlocked door. With the onset of dark nights, always leave a light on when you are not at home, invest in a timer if you are out from daylight to darkness, and hide your valuables out of view, away from prying eyes.

Taking these simple measures could prevent you from being a victim of crime.

Posted on 3 November 2016 at 10:14am in News stories
