```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T08:17:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Robbery that occurred on Walkers Passage, Harrogate, between Park View and Park Parade.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/08//Robbery.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery on Walkers Passage in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-on-walkers-passage/
title: Appeal following robbery on Walkers Passage in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-on-walkers-passage/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Robbery that occurred on Walkers Passage, Harrogate, between Park View and Park Parade.

The incident happened at around 9.30pm on Sunday 21 August 2016, when the victim was walking from the Stray side of Walkers Passage towards the town centre when he was approached by a man on a bicycle who skidded to a stop, blocking the victims path before threatening him with a knife.

The offender is described as a white man, aged 20-25 years old, thin build, clean shaven with short dark hair and spoke with a local accent. He was wearing dark trousers and a light coloured top and was riding a mountain bike with a light coloured/yellow bike frame. The knife is described as a 7-8 inch black handled kitchen knife.

CCTV enquiries have been carried out and there is a sighting of a man matching the description close to where the offence took place in the minutes prior to the incident.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the suspect and to provide any further information that could assist Police with the investigation.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 8 Adam Smith. You can also email adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160151476.

Follow us on Twitter: @NYorksPolice

Date: 24th August 2016

Contact details:
 Adam Smith \- #0008
adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30008
Incident reference:
 12160151476
Posted on 25 August 2016 at 08:17am in Local appeals
