```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-16T17:03:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-16T16:56:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: During the warrant, carried out at Aismunderby Close in the city, officers also seized suspected class A drugs, mobiles phones, an amount of cash and other suspected drug paraphernalia. The woman was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply. She has been released while under investigation. The arrest comes as [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Arrest in Ripon as police continue crackdown on &quot;county lines&quot; drug dealing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arrest-in-ripon-as-police-continue-crackdown-on-county-lines-drug-dealing/
title: Arrest in Ripon as police continue crackdown on "county lines" drug dealing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/arrest-in-ripon-as-police-continue-crackdown-on-county-lines-drug-dealing/
```

Last modified: 16 May 2019 at 06:03pm

A woman in her 20s has been arrested in Ripon after officers executed a warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Act on the morning of 16 May 2019.

During the warrant, carried out at Aismunderby Close in the city, officers also seized suspected class A drugs, mobiles phones, an amount of cash and other suspected drug paraphernalia.

The woman was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply. She has been released while under investigation.

The arrest comes as officers continue to crack down on so-called “county lines” drug dealing. This is the term used for a form of organised crime where criminals based in large, urban areas exploit young, and vulnerable people, using violence and threats to force them to sell, store, and transport drugs to smaller county towns on their behalf. It takes its name from the phone lines used to communicate between towns.

Information from members of the public is vital in helping the police disrupt criminal activity. Drug dealing can take a long time to investigate and bring people to justice. So please don’t be put off by thinking that the police are not acting on your information. Every little bit of information can help piece together a wider picture which will then inform the police activity.

**The signs of drug dealing to look out for include:**

Increased callers at a property

Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time

Different accents at a property

Increased antisocial behaviour at a property

Not seeing the resident for long periods of time

Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

Communal doors propped open

**Gangs are increasingly using social media to recruit children who aren’t typically vulnerable, so everyone needs to be alert to the following signs:**

Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area

Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones

Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls

Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups

Leaving home / care without explanation

Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries

Carrying weapons

Significant decline in school results / performance

Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks

Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being

If you suspect a child you care for or know is being exploited, please call the police on 101, if they are in immediate danger, always call 999

DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is involved in drug dealing. Please report it to the police on 101, or to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. If a person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

Posted on 16 May 2019 at 05:56pm in News stories
