```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-03T13:19:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-03T13:17:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at House of Fraser (Rackhams), High Street, Skipton, overnight between 2 and 3 December 2018. Offenders gained entry to the first floor of the store via the roof. A large quantity of Barbour brand ladies&#8217; jackets and Barbour hats and scarves were stolen. Officers are appealing for information from anyone who may have [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following high-value burglary at Skipton department store - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-high-value-burglary-at-skipton-department-store/
title: Appeal following high-value burglary at Skipton department store
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-high-value-burglary-at-skipton-department-store/
```

Last modified: 3 December 2018 at 01:19pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary at a department store that occurred in Skipton.

It happened at House of Fraser (Rackhams), High Street, Skipton, overnight between 2 and 3 December 2018. Offenders gained entry to the first floor of the store via the roof. A large quantity of Barbour brand ladies' jackets and Barbour hats and scarves were stolen.

Officers are appealing for information from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in that part of the town during the hours of darkness which could be related to this incident.

PC Rich Sutcliffe is investigating the burglary. He said: "This burglary is detailed and targeted, with offenders taking time to plan access to the building and entering through the roof in a precise place. There would have been noise whilst they were gaining entry, which may have been heard locally in nearby flats and houses. A vehicle must have been used to transport the stolen property away and evidence suggests that offenders left into the rear car park of Rackhams adjacent to the main Town Hall car park.

"I would appeal for anyone with private or business CCTV in this area to have a check through it during this period, and if there is anything of relevance to get in touch with me as soon as possible. I would also urge anyone who is offered any items such as these jackets, hats or scarves, perhaps at a bargain price, to make contact with me."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rich Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180224932.

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31728
Incident reference:
 12180224932
Posted on 3 December 2018 at 01:17pm in Local appeals
