```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-11-11T15:42:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident happened in an alleyway between Goosecroft Lane and Brompton Road, near Asda, between 9pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday 10 November 2020. The victim, a local woman aged in her 30s, was struck on the back of the head but managed to rush away. She did not require any medical treatment but was left [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Northallerton: Attempted robbery under investigation - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-attempted-robbery-under-investigation/
title: 'Northallerton: Attempted robbery under investigation'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-attempted-robbery-under-investigation/
```

Last modified: 11 November 2020 at 03:42pm

Police in Northallerton are appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted robbery on a woman by a group of youths on bicycles and a scooter.

The incident happened in an alleyway between Goosecroft Lane and Brompton Road, near Asda, between 9pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday 10 November 2020.

The victim, a local woman aged in her 30s, was struck on the back of the head but managed to rush away. She did not require any medical treatment but was left shaken.

The three suspects, who attempted to take the woman’s money and mobile phone, are described as three boys aged around 16 or 17. They were all dressed in dark clothing and two were riding pedal cycles and one was on a scooter.

PC Danielle Wray, of the Northallerton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “This was a very frightening experience for the victim and we need to find out quickly who was responsible before it happens again.

“It may be that you have not directly witnessed the incident itself, however, you may have information that could assist with our enquiries such as any suspicious behaviour by a group of teenage boys around this time.

“We are also asking residents in the area to check their private CCTV cameras to see if any of this incident has been captured. If so, please come forward to help as soon as possible.”

Anyone who witnessed this incident or has any information which would assist the investigation, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control.

If you wish to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12200198296 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 11 November 2020 at 03:42pm in News stories
