```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T09:28:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-26T09:27:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a number of criminal damage incidents in Harrogate.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information regarding incidents of criminal damage in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-regarding-incidents-criminal-damage-harrogate/
title: Appeal for information regarding incidents of criminal damage in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-regarding-incidents-criminal-damage-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 09:28am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a number of criminal damage incidents in Harrogate.

The incidents took place in the Broadacres and Granby area of Harrogate between midnight and 2am on Sunday 24 January 2016, and involved a group of youths spraying paint on multiple parked cars and properties.

North Yorkshire Police are committed to taking positive action in relation to those responsible and can confirm that two arrests have been made to date, with several more to follow. The two arrested persons have been now been bailed pending further enquiries.

We are continuing our efforts to gather intelligence and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the names of the other youths involved and also any further victims who are yet to come forward.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Chris Hind. You can also email chris.hind@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160013536

Date 26/01/16

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160013536

Posted on 26 January 2016 at 09:27am in News stories
