```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-05T16:44:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Between 11.30 am and 12.30pm on Wednesday 28 September 2016\_a white hatchback, believed to be a Ford C-Max, \_containing a group of young men aged between 18 &#8211; 25 attempted to steal vehicles from two separate locations in the Skipton area. The men were dressed in dark clothing and gloves and allegedly attempted to steal [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses to suspicious vehicle in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-suspicious-vehicle-skipton/
title: Appeal for witnesses to suspicious vehicle in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-suspicious-vehicle-skipton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information leading to the identification of the occupants of a white vehicle seen acting suspiciously in the Craven area on Wednesday 28 September 2016.

Between 11.30 am and 12.30pm on Wednesday 28 September 2016 a white hatchback, believed to be a Ford C-Max, containing a group of young men aged between 18 - 25 attempted to steal vehicles from two separate locations in the Skipton area.

The men were dressed in dark clothing and gloves and allegedly attempted to steal a Landrover and trailer from the roadside outside an address in Calton, whilst the owner was nearby.

The attempt failed and the offending vehicle and occupants made off towards Airton. A previous attempt to steal a quad bike from Elslack was also unsuccessful.

The white hatch back vehicle had been sighted prior to these offences driving around the Cowling area.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to track this vehicles movements on Wednesday 28 September 2016 and requesting information which may assist in the identification of the occupants of the vehicle.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC1389 JEFFERSON. You can also email Anne.jefferson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160176810.

05/10/16

Contact details:
 Anne Jefferson \- #1389
anne.jefferson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160176810
Posted on 5 October 2016 at 04:44pm in Local appeals
