```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-18T17:00:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-18T16:45:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Tiffany Rollins whose 18-year-old brother Dan died in a collision near Ugthorpe in 2013, received an \u201CInspiration Award\u201D for her work on a programme to educate young drivers. \_ The \u201CActions have Consequences\u201D project is a talk delivered to 17 to 21 year-olds that tells the story of a serious road traffic collision from the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/TR95A2-Award-Image-1024x576.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Chief Constable\u2019s commendation for Whitby girl with a passion for road safety - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constables-commendation-for-whitby-girl-with-a-passion-for-road-safety/
title: "Chief Constable\u2019s commendation for Whitby girl with a passion for road safety"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constables-commendation-for-whitby-girl-with-a-passion-for-road-safety/
```

Last modified: 18 June 2018 at 06:00pm

A 19-year-old Whitby girl has received a Chief Constable's commendation for her contribution to road safety in North Yorkshire.

Tiffany Rollins whose 18-year-old brother Dan died in a collision near Ugthorpe in 2013, received an “Inspiration Award” for her work on a programme to educate young drivers.

Chief Inspector Andy Colbourne of Scarborough and Ryedale Command, Area Manager Jon Foster from North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Tiffany Rollins, Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward, Group Manager Dave Pitt and Station Manager Mark Naylor both NYFRS.

The “Actions have Consequences” project is a talk delivered to 17 to 21 year-olds that tells the story of a serious road traffic collision from the experiences of four different people - a member of each emergency service and Tiffany’s. It is designed to reach young people who are a vulnerable road user group and raise awareness that driving safely could literally be a matter of life or death.

Tiffany tells the poignant and emotional story of how she felt when Dan died when his Seat Arosa veered onto the wrong side of the road at speed and hit an oncoming vehicle, and how it has affected her life ever since.

Speaking about the award and her contribution to the project, Tiffany said: “I help with the presentations to push road safety to other young adults as I aim to prevent more road traffic collisions in the area. Most people think that these things won’t happen to them and that they’re invincible, when in fact it can happen to anyone. I was shocked but highly honoured to have been awarded a commendation from the Chief Constable. I hope that the work the Actions have Consequences group has put together goes continues and that it teaches many more young adults in the area about the dangers on the roads.”

Tiffany was presented with the award by Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward, she said: “Tiffany is a passionate road safety advocate. She has turned the tragic loss of her brother into a positive way inspire young adults to drive safely and recognise that actions have consequences. She is an inspiration to her generation particularly within Scarborough area and thoroughly deserves recognition for her work.”

Actions Have Consequences was developed by Sergeant Paul Long who is based in Scarborough, and is supported by the 95 Alive York and North Yorkshire Road Safety Partnership. Sergeant Long said: “Tiffany’s story really resonates with the audience we are trying to reach. She is extremely professional and her talks provoke a very emotional and sometimes tearful reaction from the audience.

“Feedback from our audiences shows her story as being the one that really stands out for them, inspiring them to think about the potential consequences of antisocial or dangerous driving. My thanks go to Tiffany for her amazing support with the project, she truly is an inspiration.”

Sgt Long also thanked Station Manager Mark Naylor from North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service who is also the Scarborough and Ryedale chair for 95 Alive. He added: “Mark was instrumental in identifying Tiffany as a keynote speaker for the presentation. He has worked with her since Dan’s tragic death and describes her bravery and motivation for protecting other young drivers as heart-warming.”

To date, Actions Have Consequences has been delivered to around 350 young people in the Scarborough area.

Tiffany’s road safety work began several years ago when she was just 15 and worked with North Yorkshire Police to make a video to support road safety week 2014

Posted on 18 June 2018 at 05:45pm in News stories
