```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-10T09:52:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York City Centre Safer Neighbourhood Team is proactively targeting those who are committing cycle crime in the city centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York cyclists warned to be vigilant - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cyclists-warned-vigilant/
title: York cyclists warned to be vigilant
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cyclists-warned-vigilant/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

York City Centre Safer Neighbourhood Team is proactively targeting those who are committing cycle crime in the city centre.

This week alone the team have made two significant arrests, following further investigation work, which has led to two people being charged with a number of cycle thefts.

Sgt Tim Craven of the York City Centre Safer Neighbourhood Team said:

"The team are also actively patrolling the cycle racks in the city centre, and we are finding that some members of the public are not securing their cycles with a sufficient standard of lock.

"In some cases, cycles are being secured with cheap wire locks that can be very quickly and easily overcome making them an ideal target for a would-be thief. I want to reassure the public that cycle crime does remain low, but we are asking that cyclists correctly secure their bikes with a good standard of lock, to prevent their potential loss"

Alongside investing in a good quality bike lock to prevent theft; there are a number of things cyclists can do to ensure that, if stolen and recovered their bike can be returned to them.

By registering your bicycle model, make and frame number this assists the police in returning recovered bikes to their rightful owners. Your local police station can provide further advice.

Taking a clear, colour photograph of your bike and making a written record of its description, including any unique features, is also advised so that you can report it accurately if stolen.

Security marking the bicycle is also a good idea. York Police have recently invested in the top-of-the-range "dot peen" property marking machines and are offering the marking service free to York residents.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

For more cycle safety tips visithttp://www.northyorkshire.police.uk/cyclesafety or to find out when the next property marking event is taking place, follow your local York police team on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest

Posted on 10 September 2015 at 09:52am in News stories
