```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-12-15T09:19:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are urging homeowners to protect their property in the run-up to Christmas.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/08/baubles.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Festive crime prevention advice for Scarborough residents - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/festive-crime-prevention-advice-scarborough-residents/
title: Festive crime prevention advice for Scarborough residents
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/festive-crime-prevention-advice-scarborough-residents/
```

Last modified: 15 December 2016 at 09:19am

Police in Scarborough are urging homeowners to protect their property in the run-up to Christmas.

Although the town is a very safe place, with low levels of crime, there have been a number of burglaries in recent weeks – and criminals may try to take advantage of the festive season to target homes and outbuildings.

The warning follows a number of burglaries in the Stepney Road and Scalby Road areas of the town between Sunday 13 and Tuesday 15 November. Three men from Scarborough have been arrested in connection with the burglaries, and remain on bail while enquiries continue.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to phone on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jon Kenworthy. You can also email jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Officers are now calling on residents to take extra steps to ensure their properties are secure against burglars, to avoid their Christmas being ruined by crime.

DC Jon Kenworthy, of Scarborough Police, said: “Scarborough residents should be reassured that they live in a very safe place, and any burglaries will be taken extremely seriously and robustly investigated.

“However, it’s important that you help us you, by doing your bit to secure your home. Leave it until the last minute to put Christmas presents out under the tree – and don’t leave them in view of a window. If you are buying or receiving valuable gifts such as bikes, mobiles or computers, register them for free at www.immobilise.com. Don’t keep large amounts of cash at home.

“A secure home will reduce the chance of you being burgled. Make sure windows and doors are locked, and keys removed from sight, every time you leave the house. When you go out at night, make it appear that someone is home. Leave a light on, pull the curtains – even consider a radio on a timer switch. If you’re going away, cancel any deliveries and inform trusted neighbours so they can keep an eye on your property.

“Dispose of packaging carefully by breaking it down before putting it in the bin. Empty boxes left outside can advertise that you have expensive new goods inside. And ensure your home contents insurance adequately covers any additional items you have in your home over Christmas.

“I would also ask people to register themselves on North Yorkshire Community Messaging so they can receive updates on crime in their area and crime prevention advice. By following this advice, we hope you and yours will have a very enjoyable and safe Christmas.”

Signing up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging is free, and only takes a few minutes. The new app is available via the App Store for iPhone and iPad, and Google Play for Android devices. Just search for “North Yorkshire Community Messaging” or visit www.nycm.co.uk.

North Yorkshire Police has also released a music video called “Help us help you”, which pays homage to the festive favourite “We wish you a Merry Christmas”. The lyrics, sung by an eclectic mix of police officers, Force Control Room team members, police staff and even a police dog, PD Buzz, have been adapted to highlight key safety and security messages. Watch it online at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/christmas

Posted on 15 December 2016 at 09:19am in News stories
