```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-23T15:41:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-23T15:39:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The survey was commissioned by the National Rural Crime Network, which is made up of 30 Police and Crime Commissioners from across the country, supported by a wide range of other bodies with a deep interest in community safety and rural affairs. It was launched in April this year. There were 2,514 respondents in North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Rural-Taskforce-at-the-Aldborough-and-Boroughbridge-Show-on-Sunday-1-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Positive results for rural policing in North Yorkshire \u2013 but challenges remain - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/positive-results-for-rural-policing-in-north-yorkshire-but-challenges-remain/
title: "Positive results for rural policing in North Yorkshire \u2013 but challenges remain"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/positive-results-for-rural-policing-in-north-yorkshire-but-challenges-remain/
```

Last modified: 23 July 2018 at 04:41pm

Police in North Yorkshire remain focused on delivering a high-quality policing service to rural communities – that’s the message following the 2018 National Rural Crime Survey.

The survey was commissioned by the National Rural Crime Network, which is made up of 30 Police and Crime Commissioners from across the country, supported by a wide range of other bodies with a deep interest in community safety and rural affairs. It was launched in April this year.

There were 2,514 respondents in North Yorkshire, out of a national total of 20,252. The full report and its recommendations, published today, can be found at www.nationalruralcrimenetwork.net/survey

In terms of the perception of policing in rural communities, North Yorkshire’s performance is better than the national average. 27 per cent of respondents nationwide say their local police are doing a good job. But in North Yorkshire, the survey reveals 38 per cent feel police are doing a good job – showing measures taken since the last survey here are having a positive impact.

Temporary Chief Constable Lisa Winward, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The results of the previous national rural crime survey had a very significant impact here in North Yorkshire, leading to the launch of our Rural Policing Strategy to deal with the issue head-on.

“As part of this strategy, we have one of the largest Rural Taskforces in the country, showing how determined we are to meet the needs of our rural communities – and we are now at the forefront of best practice when it comes to rural policing.

“It is therefore pleasing that we are bucking the national trend, with more people in North Yorkshire agreeing the police do a good job in rural areas than the national average.

“However, the findings of the survey paint a clear picture of the challenges that remain, and so we are not complacent. We remain focused on ensuring we provide the policing service that North Yorkshire’s rural communities expect and deserve.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce was established in April 2016. The team is made up of an Inspector, two Sergeants, seven Police Constables, seven Police Community Support Officers, and Special Constables, based across the districts of the county. In addition, there is also an intelligence analyst and a rural policing coordinator, ensuring that the Taskforce is responding to trends in crime flexibly and proactively, by using information gathered from colleagues, communities, and partners alike.

Successful campaigns pioneered by North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce since 2016 include:

• Horse Watch – ensuring expensive tack and equestrian equipment is protected against thieves;
• Operation Traverse – clamping down on illegal fish poaching, in partnership with the Angling Trust and the Environment Agency;
• ‘Call It In’ – a campaign urging residents to report suspicious activity in rural areas to the police;
• Dot peen – sophisticated property marking system, used to engrave farm equipment to deter thieves and help police recover stolen property;
• The identification and tackling of organised crime groups who affect the rural community;
• Operation Woollen – 8,000 of the county’s farms contacted with an offer of a free crime prevention survey;
• Community Messaging – encouraging rural communities to sign up to an alert system to keep them up-to-date about crimes and incidents in their area;
• Rural wellbeing – recognising that that people in rural communities can be vulnerable, officers have been distributing leaflets to make people aware of the health and wellbeing support available, and are working with partner agencies to ensure appropriate interventions take place;
• Operation Owl – a new initiative to reduce the number of illegal attacks on birds of prey in the county, in partnership with local national park authorities, the RSPB and the RSPCA;
• Operation Galileo – a proactive operation to disrupt poaching opportunities.

In addition, officers and PCSOs attend hundreds of business and community events every year, such as agricultural shows and livestock markets. The day before the results of the survey were published, Sunday 22 July 2018, Rural Taskforce officers and PCSOs were at the 105th annual Aldborough and Boroughbridge Agricultural Show, to offer crime prevention advice and hear directly from local people about any issues and concerns.

The Taskforce also works very closely with Rural Watch schemes – community volunteers who provide invaluable support to the police in their area.

You can follow the North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce on social media, at @NYPRuralTF on Twitter, and at facebook.com/NYPRuralTF

Posted on 23 July 2018 at 04:39pm in News stories
