```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-25T13:20:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-25T13:09:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The decision, which was made by Chief Constable Lisa Winward at the end of last week, followed a rigorous assessment process, involving representatives from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, City of York Council, North Yorkshire County Council, Harrogate Borough Council, the North Yorkshire Youth Commission, York CVC, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Phil-Cain-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New Deputy Chief Constable is announced - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-deputy-chief-constable-is-announced/
title: New Deputy Chief Constable is announced
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-deputy-chief-constable-is-announced/
```

Last modified: 25 September 2018 at 02:20pm

Phil Cain has been appointed Deputy Chief Constable at North Yorkshire Police following a national recruitment process.

The decision, which was made by Chief Constable Lisa Winward at the end of last week, followed a rigorous assessment process, involving representatives from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, City of York Council, North Yorkshire County Council, Harrogate Borough Council, the North Yorkshire Youth Commission, York CVC, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, UNISON, the Police Federation, the Black Police Association and the Superintendents’ Association.

Phil, who is 48, joined North Yorkshire Police in 2001, after 13 successful years with the RAF, and has served at every NYP rank from uniformed Constable through to Assistant Chief Constable.

He held the post of Commander for York and Selby from 2013 to 2016, before moving to HQ to take up a strategic development role.

Phil was appointed Temporary Assistant Chief Constable in February 2017, and graduated from the Strategic Command Course in 2018. He was subsequently appointed as permanent Assistant Chief Constable, a role he has held until this new appointment.

Commenting on his recruitment, Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“We had an exceptionally high calibre of applicants apply to the Deputy Chief Constable role, and it is testimony to Phil’s outstanding ability that he showed himself to be, without doubt, the right man for the job.

“He is a highly experienced officer, with a thoughtful and collaborative style of working, who is very well respected both inside and outside the Force. Phil has already made a strong contribution to the Chief Officer Team in the ACC role, and will be able to hit the ground running as Deputy.

“I am looking forward to working closely Phil on North Yorkshire Police’s Transform 2020 programme to enhance the service we provide to the public, improve efficiency across the Force, and support our colleagues in the challenging job of keeping people safe.”

Speaking about his appointment, Phil Cain said:

“I grew up in North Yorkshire, and I have spent my policing career in North Yorkshire, so this area means a great deal to me. I am very proud to be able to serve the community and the Force as Deputy Chief Constable.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said:

“Phil Cain is an excellent appointment as Deputy Chief Constable and I look forward to continuing to work with him in his new role. He has an excellent commitment to developing North Yorkshire Police and is an outstanding public servant. I congratulate him on being successful in what I know has been a rigorous national selection process.”

Posted on 25 September 2018 at 02:09pm in News stories
