```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-21T14:01:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-21T14:01:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police usually sees an increase in reports of domestic abuse at particular times of the year, for example, Christmas when families are together and perhaps money is tight, or in the summer months when people are socialising and drinking more. However, with the onset of the COVID-19 virus and some having to self-isolate [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police issue clear message to perpetrators of abuse \u2013 stop or we will take action - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-issues-clear-message-to-perpetrators-of-abuse-stop-or-we-will-take-action/
title: "Police issue clear message to perpetrators of abuse \u2013 stop or we will take action"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-issues-clear-message-to-perpetrators-of-abuse-stop-or-we-will-take-action/
```

Last modified: 21 April 2020 at 03:01pm

When families and couples are in close proximity, under pressurised circumstances, tempers can fray and arguments can break out. But if that behaviour oversteps the mark and the situation becomes threatening or violent, leaving people in fear for their safety, that’s domestic abuse and the police will take action.

North Yorkshire Police usually sees an increase in reports of domestic abuse at particular times of the year, for example, Christmas when families are together and perhaps money is tight, or in the summer months when people are socialising and drinking more. However, with the onset of the COVID-19 virus and some having to self-isolate at home with an abusive partner, North Yorkshire Police is monitoring the number of reports closely and is prepared take immediate action to safeguard victims.

Since the beginning of the lockdown period, police have reassured victims that if there is an emergency and they are at risk of harm, call 999 and officers will be there to help. The force has also published a list of telephone and online resources to their website, so victims of domestic abuse can still seek and engage with the vital advice and support they need.

Today, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, North Yorkshire Police lead for Safeguarding, has sent a clear message to those who inflict the abuse – although we may find ourselves in extraordinary circumstances, there is never an excuse for abuse.

Speaking earlier today he said;

“I’m sure every household in North Yorkshire has had its moments over the past few weeks, where tensions have risen and cross words has taken place . But let me be clear, if your actions are causing a partner or family members to fear for their safety, you are committing abuse and we will take action.

“I’m aware that we find ourselves in very trying times, but there is never an excuse to be violent or threatening towards anyone in your household or family. North Yorkshire Police’s approach is very clear; the COVID-19 virus will not stop us taking enforcement action against those who inflict abuse. Our officers are equipped to make arrests and our custody process is prepared to deal with any potentially infected person who is displaying violent and abusive behaviour. COVID-19 will not deter us safeguarding those who are at risk.

“If you know that you are not able to control your anger or actions and you are aware that you have been threatening to a loved one, you can make the choice to change your behaviour. I would encourage you to reach out now and get help. The Respect Phoneline is a confidential helpline, email and webchat service for domestic abuse perpetrators and those supporting them. They offer support to men and women who are using abuse in same-sex or heterosexual relationships.

“The Respect Phoneline can be contacted Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm on 0808 802 4040. They also offer a webchat service twice a day on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 10 – 11am and 3 – 4pm. Visit their website www.respectphoneline.org.uk for more information.

“Perpetrators can also be referred through to the North Yorkshire MATAC process by one of our partner agencies, such as local social care teams, drug and alcohol agencies and mental health teams. MATAC, which stands for Multi-Agency Tasking and Coordination Team, is a group of organisations, such as National Probation Service, Criminal Rehabilitation Company, Children and Family Services, Housing, Foundation, Youth Justice, Adult Social Care, drug and alcohol services, Community Safety Hubs and Independent Domestic Abuse Service (IDAS), who come together to identify those who are likely to cause harm and proactively engage with them to reduce the risk of reoffending.

“Whoever you choose to reach out to, I would strongly advise you act now to get the help and advice you need, to stop hurting the ones you love. If you don’t and you go on to harm someone either physically or mentally, you will find us knocking at your door.”

Posted on 21 April 2020 at 03:01pm in News stories
