```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-30T11:30:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A North Yorkshire Police chief is to receive a medal in the New Year&#039;s Honours for decades of service to the people of the county.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Medal for North Yorkshire Police chief in New Year&#039;s Honours - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/medal-north-yorkshire-police-chief-new-years-honours/
title: Medal for North Yorkshire Police chief in New Year's Honours
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/medal-north-yorkshire-police-chief-new-years-honours/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A North Yorkshire Police chief is to receive a medal in the New Year's Honours for decades of service to the people of the county.

Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick is being awarded the Queen's Police Medal for Distinguished Service.

Mr Madgwick, who began his career as a constable in York, also takes part in charity work to help people with learning difficulties participate in sports and has worked hard to develop services for vulnerable people, including people with dementia.

North Yorkshire Police's Chief Constable, Dave Jones, said he was delighted that Mr Madgwick's work to improve the lives of countless individuals has been recognised.

He said: "Tim Madgwick's tireless hard work has helped reduce crime by record numbers, resulting in thousands fewer victims of crime in North Yorkshire and beyond.

"Not only has he dedicated his entire policing career to the people of the county, he has also contributed greatly to national policing.

"Tim has led teams through some of the most serious incidents North Yorkshire Police has dealt with in recent years in an exemplary way.

"He is a well-respected public official, within North Yorkshire and beyond, and he has been committed to developing services to protect vulnerable people, in particular those with mental health issues and dementia.

"He also contributes greatly to good causes outside policing, such as a sports charity that provides coaching for people with learning difficulties.

"It's a great honour to work with Tim, one of the most dedicated, passionate and loyal people I have had the privilege to work with. On behalf of myself and all my colleagues, I would like to wish him the warmest congratulations on receiving his medal."

The Queen's Police Medal is being awarded to 18 officers from across Britain in this year's Honours list.

Posted on 30 December 2015 at 11:30am in News stories
