```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-20T16:20:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: They happened on Church Street and St Ann&#8217;s Staith in the early hours of Sunday, 17 November. Two assailants attacked two men within close proximity of each other using physical violence. Both victims sustained injuries during this attack, including cuts, bruises and a broken tooth. They were taken to hospital and later discharged. One victim [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following two attempted street robberies in Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-robberies-whitby/
title: Appeal following two attempted street robberies in Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-robberies-whitby/
```

Last modified: 20 November 2019 at 04:20pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two attempted street robberies that occurred in Whitby town centre, which left two men injured.

They happened on Church Street and St Ann's Staith in the early hours of Sunday, 17 November.

Two assailants attacked two men within close proximity of each other using physical violence. Both victims sustained injuries during this attack, including cuts, bruises and a broken tooth. They were taken to hospital and later discharged.

One victim is believed to have spoken to a member of the public in the Grape Lane area who asked if he was alright.

Detectives are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

The first suspect is described as a white man, aged 25 to 30 and was wearing a winter-type padded jacket, a woollen hat and dark jeans.

The second suspect is also described as a white man of a similar age. He had short, dark hair with a fringe and was wearing a dark top.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dc 1731 Nick Burton. You can also email Nicholas.Burton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190211608.

Contact details:
 Nick Burton \- #1731
Nicholas.Burton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643712
Incident reference:
 12190211608
Posted on 20 November 2019 at 04:20pm in Local appeals, News stories
