```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-22T15:48:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-22T15:48:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police and the council&#8217;s Community Safety Hub applied for a court order which was delivered by officers today (Monday). It follows concerns about crime and anti-social behaviour at the multi-occupancy address. The closure has been approved by a court for an initial period of three months. This give the police, council and other organisations an [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/03/Mayfield-gv-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Closure notice for house in Mayfield Grove, Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/closure-mayfield-grove-harrogate/
title: Closure notice for house in Mayfield Grove, Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/closure-mayfield-grove-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 22 March 2021 at 03:48pm

A house in Mayfield Grove, Harrogate, has been ordered to close following a North Yorkshire Police and Harrogate Borough Council investigation.

Police and the council's Community Safety Hub applied for a court order which was delivered by officers today (Monday).

It follows concerns about crime and anti-social behaviour at the multi-occupancy address.

The closure has been approved by a court for an initial period of three months.

This give the police, council and other organisations an opportunity to work with the landlord and residents in the premises.

Inspector Nicola Colbourne of North Yorkshire Police said: "It's really important that we support our communities who expect to be able to live in a safe environment.

"This approach demonstrates one way we can do that in a proportionate and effective manner.

“We've worked closely with Harrogate Borough Council, and this work continues to ensure we strengthen our communities for everyone and help the most vulnerable people."

Dean Richardson, head of safer communities at Harrogate Borough Council, said: “It is imperative that residents across the Harrogate district feel safe in their homes and their community.

“Anyone who doesn’t feel safe should report their concerns to us or North Yorkshire Police, giving as much detail as possible.

"Where there is sufficient evidence to support any reports, we will work with the police and partner agencies, to act accordingly.”

**> > You can share concerns or reports of crime and anti-social behaviour with North Yorkshire Police by calling 101. **

Posted on 22 March 2021 at 03:48pm in News stories
