```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-03T09:21:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Yet again, the Force Control Room (FCR) has seen another incredibly busy month, with call figures continuing to climb higher and higher. In comparison with the number of emergency and non-emergency calls recorded for June 2018, July 2018 saw a 10.5% increase in\_999\_calls and 13% increase in\_101\_calls. The FCR answered 8,401 emergency\_999\_calls in an average [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 999 and 101 calls to police still on the increase - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-and-101-calls-to-police-still-on-the-increase/
title: 999 and 101 calls to police still on the increase
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/999-and-101-calls-to-police-still-on-the-increase/
```

Last modified: 3 August 2018 at 10:21am

With record breaking temperatures being recorded and summer looking like it’s here to stay, it seems that there is no let-up in the high levels of demand being placed on North Yorkshire Police.

Yet again, the Force Control Room (FCR) has seen another incredibly busy month, with call figures continuing to climb higher and higher.

In comparison with the number of emergency and non-emergency calls recorded for June 2018, July 2018 saw a 10.5% increase in **999** calls and 13% increase in **101** calls.

The FCR answered 8,401 emergency **999** calls in an average of 10 seconds and 22,795 non-emergency **101** calls in an average of 2 minutes 37 seconds in July. (June 2018 7,601 **999** calls and 20,153 **101** calls)

On top of that, 12,259 calls to the operator service were received and 3,899 **101** calls backs were made.

On Saturday 7 July 2018, the day of the England v. Sweden match, 487 emergency **999** calls were dealt with – the highest level of emergency calls recorded by the force in one day. Another peak time came on Monday 23 July 2018, with 34 emergency **999** calls being made in just a 15 minute window.

Head of the Force Control Room, Chief Inspector Charlotte Bloxham said:

“We’ve seen yet another steep rise in the number of calls coming through on both **999** and **101** numbers. Compared to the previous month (June 2018), our call handlers have dealt with 800 more emergency **999** calls and 2,642 more non-emergency **101** calls.

“Despite the escalating demand, we are still providing a high level of service, with **999** calls answered within an average of 10 seconds and **101** calls answered in an average of 2 minutes 37 seconds. I’m immensely proud and grateful to my team in the FCR who work incredibly hard under very pressurised circumstances. These figures are a testament to their dedication and professionalism.

“Our expectation is that we will continue to see these levels of calls continue for the foreseeable future, and so our message to the public remains the same. Please help us to help you and only dial **999** in times of real emergency – if there is a danger or ongoing crime. If it is not urgent please dial **101**.”

To highlight the volume of calls that are being dealt with and give the public some insight on the types of incidents police are being called to, the force is holding a 24-hour tweetathon.

From 9am Friday 3 August to 9am Saturday 4 August 2018, Corporate Communications staff will tweet about every **999** incident that is called into the FCR.

A force spokeswoman said: “We are currently seeing an unprecedented increase in demand for police, that’s why we are carrying out the tweetathon and tweeting about the types of calls we are receiving.

“The aim of this activity is to achieve two things - to give an insight into what the current level of demand looks like and to help people understand what is a police matter and what isn’t.

“People also find police work interesting, and as a public service, we need to demonstrate why we do what we do. Reassuring the people of North Yorkshire that we are here for them 24/7, all year round is also important, as is helping them understand that you might not see us all of the time, and there may be a reason why we can’t get to you straight away, but we are here for you, and will provide the best service we possibly can.

“Anyone calling us during the period of the tweetathon can be reassured that the information released will be sanitised and nothing will be released that could identify them.”

If you would like to follow the tweetathon, follow **@NYorksPolice** on Twitter or look for the hashtag **#NYP247** and **#Behindthescenes**

Tweets will start from 9am Friday 3 August and continue to 9am Saturday 4 August 2018.

Posted on 3 August 2018 at 10:21am in News stories
