```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-26T15:33:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "This was confirmed in the Office of National Statistics\u2019 (ONS) &#8220;Crime in England and Wales, year ending December 2017&#8221; bulletin, published today (Thursday 26 April 2018). It shows there were a total of 38,478 crimes in North Yorkshire during the 12-month period, giving a crime rate of 47.1 per 1,000 of the population. North Yorkshire\u2019s [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire sees the smallest increase in crime the north of England \u2013 Office of National Statistics bulletin - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-sees-the-smallest-increase-in-crime-the-north-of-england-office-of-national-statistics-bulletin/
title: "North Yorkshire sees the smallest increase in crime the north of England \u2013 Office of National Statistics bulletin"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-sees-the-smallest-increase-in-crime-the-north-of-england-office-of-national-statistics-bulletin/
```

Last modified: 26 April 2018 at 04:33pm

Crime levels have increased by 5% in North Yorkshire – well below the national average of 15%.

This was confirmed in the Office of National Statistics’ (ONS) "Crime in England and Wales, year ending December 2017" bulletin, published today (Thursday 26 April 2018).

It shows there were a total of **38,478** crimes in North Yorkshire during the 12-month period, giving a crime rate of **47.1** per 1,000 of the population.

North Yorkshire’s 5% increase is one of the smallest recorded among all forces in England and Wales. Only one force – city of London – saw a decrease, with crime dropping by 1%.

Broken down into the main crime categories, the ONS figures for North Yorkshire show:

 * Burglary increased by **3** % ( **3,737** crimes in total, of which **2,084** are recorded as domestic burglaries and **1,653** non-domestic burglaries
 * Drug offences decreased by **4** % ( **1,494** crimes in total)
 * Violence and against the person increased by **10** % ( **10,368** crimes in total), which is broken down into Violence with Injury ( **4,791** crimes in total, a **4** % increase); Violence without Injury category ( **4,251** crimes in total, a 17% increase); Harassment and Stalking ( **1,308** crimes in total, an **11** % increase)
 * Possession of weapons offences up by **13** % ( **233** crimes in total)
 * Robbery increased by **20** % ( **165** crimes in total)
 * Theft offences increased by **2** % ( **16,602** crimes in total)
 * Theft from the person down by **19** % ( **398** crimes in total)
 * Bicycle theft reduced by **15** % ( **1,193** crimes in total)
 * Shoplifting increased by **14** % ( **4,638** crimes in total)
 * All other theft offences up by **1** % ( **4,386** crimes in total)
 * Criminal damage and arson up by **2** % ( **5,894** crimes in total)
 * Vehicle Offences stayed the same with **2,250** crimes in total
 * Sexual offences increased by **15** % ( **1,546** crimes in total). As previously highlighted, this rise is regarded as a positive reflection of the confidence victims have in North Yorkshire Police, particularly those making historical complaints in the wake of high profile historical sexual abuse cases, plus support from dedicated facilities for victims of sexual assault
 * Public order offences up by **4** % ( **1,413** crimes in total)
 * Miscellaneous crimes against society, which includes the possession and publication of extreme sexual images, increased by **20** % with **763** crimes in total

Julia Mulligan, elected Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “It is heartening to see North Yorkshire continue to compare well against other forces in the country, and that we continue to be the safest place in England. I would like to thank all North Yorkshire Police officers, staff and volunteers for the hard work involved in keeping us safe.

“There are of course areas where the service must continue to improve including recording crime, especially crimes of stalking or harassment, and of course any increase in crime is unwelcome. At present, I am particularly keen to ensure that North Yorkshire Police thinks carefully about its response in rural, as well as urban areas, as some types of crime are definitely on the increase.

“Therefore, if you live or work in a rural area, please let us know of your experiences by responding to our rural crime survey at http://www.nationalruralcrimenetwork.net/.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver said: “While we’re not immune from the national trend, which shows a rise in crime in all but one force area, the increase here in North Yorkshire is the lowest in northern England. It’s also among the lowest nationally.

“Together with our local authority and community partners, North Yorkshire Police continues to work very hard to maintain our status as one of the very safest and low-crime areas in the country.

“There is no doubt that these are challenging times for the police service as whole, but we are determined to reverse this trend in our own patch through a combination of strong neighbourhood policing and a proactive approach to tackling and deterring offenders who come into North Yorkshire from other counties.

“We have also been working hard to encourage more victims to report crime as we continue to improve the way these crimes are recorded. Our commitment to raising awareness of crime, building confidence within our communities and having the right resources and procedures in place when victims do come forward all play an important part in this.

“I thank everybody connected to North Yorkshire Police for their unrelenting commitment and professionalism in keeping our communities safe from harm.”

Posted on 26 April 2018 at 04:33pm in News stories
