```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-09T14:01:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-09T13:48:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On Saturday 3 November a wallet was stolen from the changing rooms at Poppleton Community Centre. The same week, on Wednesday 8 November a man was found inside the changing rooms at York Sports Club, Clifton Park believed to be looking for items to steal. Between the 24 September and 30 September the sports changing [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge vigilance following spate of burglaries at York sports clubs - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-vigilance-following-spate-of-burglaries-at-york-sports-clubs/
title: Police urge vigilance following spate of burglaries at York sports clubs
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-vigilance-following-spate-of-burglaries-at-york-sports-clubs/
```

Last modified: 9 November 2018 at 02:01pm

North Yorkshire Police is asking sports clubs to be vigilant following a spate of burglaries in the York and Poppleton areas.

On Saturday 3 November a wallet was stolen from the changing rooms at Poppleton Community Centre.

The same week, on Wednesday 8 November a man was found inside the changing rooms at York Sports Club, Clifton Park believed to be looking for items to steal.

Between the 24 September and 30 September the sports changing rooms at the University of York and York St John University were also targeted and cash and other valuables was taken.

During the months of April and May a further eight similar reports were received with wallets, phones, cash and bank cards targeted.

A suspect has been arrested and released under investigation for those offences and officers are now working to establish if the burglaries are linked.

DC Tom Copeland of North Yorkshire Police’s Intelligence Unit said:

“Following a spate of burglaries in the summer where sports clubs changing rooms were targeted a pattern has recently re-emerged.

"We would urge sports clubs in the York area to be extra vigilant and pass this message onto their members and to visiting teams so that appropriate security and crime prevention measures can be implemented.

"Any suspicious sightings should be reported to the police.”

The suspect is described as being a man in his mid-30s, with short dark brown hair wearing sports clothing. It is believed that he is using a blue 05 plate Vauxhall Tigra.

Anyone who has any information about the burglaries is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Tom Copeland or email tom.copeland@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12180208943 when passing on information.

Posted on 9 November 2018 at 01:48pm in News stories
