```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-05T15:31:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-05T15:29:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened just off of North Lane, towards the east-bound A64, between Friday 25 September and Sunday 27 September 2020. The victim had various high-value goods stolen from secured shipping containers. Several heavy-duty padlocked gates had been broken into to access the farm. The suspects also broke\_ into a caravan on a field and ransacked [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/York-farm-theft-motorbike.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'York: Appeal after motorcycle stolen in Huntington farm burglary - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-appeal-following-huntington-farm-burglary/
title: 'York: Appeal after motorcycle stolen in Huntington farm burglary'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-appeal-following-huntington-farm-burglary/
```

Last modified: 5 October 2020 at 04:31pm

Police in York are appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary at a farm in Huntington.

It happened just off of North Lane, towards the east-bound A64, between Friday 25 September and Sunday 27 September 2020.

The victim had various high-value goods stolen from secured shipping containers.

Several heavy-duty padlocked gates had been broken into to access the farm.

The suspects also broke into a caravan on a field and ransacked it looking for items to steal.

Having carried out a full inventory of the victim's belongings, officer identified the following items had been taken:

 * A white and red 249cc Honda motor bike with a distinct tiger badge on the fuel tank, reg-number L989ENB
 * A tool bag containing a mixture of sheep shearing equipment and miscellaneous tools
 * A red Mig gas-less welder, measuring 61cm x 20cm
 * a red two stroke mini generator, recognisable by the charging cord handle which had been replaced by a black peg

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the whereabouts of these stolen goods, as well as asking other local residents to see if they too have had items stolen from there property, without them knowing.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Dominic Drumm. Or email dominic.drumm@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200170141 when providing details.

Contact details:
 Dominic Drumm \- #1869
dominic.drumm@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 91926 (Immediate supervision)
Incident reference:
 12200170141
Posted on 5 October 2020 at 04:29pm in Local appeals
