```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-05-31T18:27:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "I joined North Yorkshire Police as a Special Constable in 2009 and I can honestly say have never looked back! I had always wanted to be a Police Officer.\_ But at the age of 18, straight out of college, I didn\u2019t feel ready to join full-time. The Special Constabulary was recommended by a friend, and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/05/Nadine-Slattery-for-blog.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A day in the life of Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a-day-in-the-life-of-special-sergeant-nadine-slattery/
title: A day in the life of Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a-day-in-the-life-of-special-sergeant-nadine-slattery/
```

Last modified: 31 May 2019 at 07:27pm

Sergeant Slattery gives a taste of her volunteering career at North Yorkshire Police

I joined North Yorkshire Police as a Special Constable in 2009 and I can honestly say have never looked back!

I had always wanted to be a Police Officer. But at the age of 18, straight out of college, I didn’t feel ready to join full-time. The Special Constabulary was recommended by a friend, and after some research I quickly found it was the ideal role for me.

I held the rank of Constable for the first eight years where I worked mainly with response officers dealing with everything from RTCs (that's road traffic collisions) and shoplifting, to violent crime and public disorder.

I also spent a few years working alongside the local Neighbourhood Policing Team helping to tackle anti-social behaviour and crime involving young people. Because of this I became a Police Cadet Leader at the first Cadet unit to open in Catterick Garrison. I really enjoy helping to educate young minds and - hopefully! - being a role model to them. The teenagers I work with absolutely ooze enthusiasm and ambition. It is really infectious and reminds me why I do what I do.

I have been a part of many policing events across North Yorkshire including the London Olympic Torch Relay, Tour de France, Tour de Yorkshire, Knaresbrough Bed Race, Stokesley Fair, Richmond Live and the annual Remembrance Parades. In August 2017 I was promoted to the rank Specials Sergeant and I am now responsible for all Special Constables in the Richmondshire district. I hold regular meetings, organise operations and duties, manage officer welfare and act as an assessor for the Student Officer Learning and Assessment Portfolio. Being a Sergeant allows me to mentor and pass on my knowledge and passion for policing.

Volunteering is very important to me and is a big part of who I am. Having the opportunity to work alongside experienced Police Officers in the district where I grew up fills me with pride. Being a Special allows me to complete duties at times that suit me - which is very important now that I am a busy military wife and mum of two young children.

I have held a few different day jobs throughout during my service: police dispatcher, HR administrator, learning mentor in a school and now a personal assistant. All roles, partnered with my Specials experience, have equipped me with skills that have enabled me to achieve so much, operationally and personally.

I have never given up the dream of becoming a full-time Police Officer but the Special Constabulary gives me satisfaction, pride and the sense of achievement everyday.

I have completed ten years of service so far, and here’s to the next ten!

Posted on 31 May 2019 at 07:27pm in News stories
