```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-11-20T13:30:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Martin Fisher, 63, who taught for two decades at Scarborough Sixth Form College, was sentenced at York Crown Court on 20 November 2017 to three years\u2019 imprisonment after previously pleading guilty to three charges of indecent assault on a man over 16 between 1986 and 2001 and seven charges of making indecent images of children. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Martin-Fisher-22031954.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Former teacher from Scarborough jailed for three years for non-recent sexual offences - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-teacher-scarborough-jailed-three-years-non-recent-sexual-offences/
title: Former teacher from Scarborough jailed for three years for non-recent sexual offences
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-teacher-scarborough-jailed-three-years-non-recent-sexual-offences/
```

Last modified: 20 November 2017 at 01:30pm

A former language teacher and football coach from Scarborough has been jailed for non-recent sexual offences and making indecent images.

Martin Fisher, 63, who taught for two decades at Scarborough Sixth Form College, was sentenced at York Crown Court on 20 November 2017 to three years’ imprisonment after previously pleading guilty to three charges of indecent assault on a man over 16 between 1986 and 2001 and seven charges of making indecent images of children.

Fisher groomed his victims by inviting them to his home where he supplied them with alcohol, hosted parties, allowed them to use his car and showed them pornographic videos. Some of the victims were invited to stay over where Fisher went on to sexually abuse them under the pretence of physiotherapy and massages.

Detective Constable Alison Morris of North Yorkshire Police’s Non-recent Abuse Investigation Team, said: “At the time of the offences, Martin Fisher was in a position of trust and he abused that trust for his own sexual gratification. This is a clear case of grooming demonstrated by Fisher’s befriending of his victims and showering them with alcohol, cigarettes and access to a car. He made them feel beholden to him and unable to report the abuse that was taking place.

“His victims have showed great courage in coming forward and reporting the abuse to the police. Thankfully he has spared them the ordeal of giving evidence in court by pleading guilty to the charges and I now hope the outcome of this case allows them to put a distressing period of their lives behind them.”

Speaking about the indecent images, DC Morris added: “Behind every horrendous image is a child that has been sexually abused. By downloading these sickening images, offenders are fuelling the demand for them. Child abuse is everyone’s business and anyone who suspects a person of downloading such images should report it to the police.”

Fisher was also issued with a ten-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order applied for by North Yorkshire Police and placed on the sex offenders register for life.

If you have been the victim of sexual abuse, whether it is happening now or in the past, please contact the police. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available. Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

We appreciate that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

Child sexual abuse and exploitation is a foremost priority for all police forces and all reports will be fully investigated. Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Posted on 20 November 2017 at 01:30pm in News stories
