```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-26T15:52:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-26T15:34:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; Stalking affects 1 in 5 women and 1 in 10 men across their lifetime; it is as prolific as domestic abuse and can lead to anxiety, depression, PTSD, and suicidal thoughts. In some case it can escalate to rape and murder. Stalking thrives on secrecy and so if people know they can help you [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/02/Low-res.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Six organisations that every person who is being stalked in North Yorkshire should be aware of - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/six-organisations-that-every-person-who-is-being-stalked-in-north-yorkshire-should-be-aware-of/
title: Six organisations that every person who is being stalked in North Yorkshire should be aware of
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/six-organisations-that-every-person-who-is-being-stalked-in-north-yorkshire-should-be-aware-of/
```

Last modified: 26 February 2019 at 03:52pm

If you’re affected by stalking or know someone who is, whilst you might not think it’s serious enough to report it to the police, it’s vital that you speak to someone about your concerns and get advice and support as soon as possible.

Stalking affects 1 in 5 women and 1 in 10 men across their lifetime; it is as prolific as domestic abuse and can lead to anxiety, depression, PTSD, and suicidal thoughts. In some case it can escalate to rape and murder. Stalking thrives on secrecy and so if people know they can help you to get the help you need – no matter what has happened or how trivial or insignificant it may seem to others.

The following is not an exhaustive list, but hopefully will prove to be a useful resource of both local and national organisations that can help if you are worried. If you are in danger, always call 999.

******1\. National Stalking Helpline******

The National Stalking Helpline is run by Suzy Lamplugh Trust and in partnership with Network for Surviving Stalking and Protection Against Stalking. The Suzy Lamplugh Trust was set up by the parents of 25-year-old Suzy Lamplugh who disappeared in 1986 during the course of her work as an estate agent while showing a client round a house in Fulham. Despite a police reconstruction and extensive media coverage Suzy’s body has never been found, but she has been presumed murdered and was legally declared dead in 1993. The National Stalking Helpline can give you information and guidance on the law in relation to stalking and harassment, advice on the effective gathering of evidence, ensuring your personal safety and that of your friends and family and practical steps to reduce the risk. Visit their website suzylamplugh.org to find out more. ****

******2\. Paladin National Stalking Advocacy Service******

Frighteningly, victims of stalking experience over 100 incidents on average before reporting it to the police. Paladin was established to assist high risk victims of stalking in England and Wales in July 2013 following the highly successful Stalking Law Reform Campaign in Parliament which recommended the establishment of a national victims' advocacy scheme. If you are a high risk victim of stalking Paladin’s unique team of accredited Independent Stalking Advocacy Caseworkers (ISACs) can ensure that a coordinated community response is developed locally to keep you and your family safe. They will listen to your concerns, risk assess your case, advise on your safety options and be your voice in the system. Find out more about how they can help you at paladinservice.co.uk.

**3.** ****Supporting Victims North Yorkshire****

Stalking is a very real crime happening right here on our doorstep in North Yorkshire. It is a key indicator for future potential serious harm - the risk of which should not be underestimated. Supporting Victims North Yorkshire is a local organisation that can provide support for anyone affected by crime, whether reported or not, including victims and concerned friends and relatives. First of all you will be asked a few questions to find out how you have been affected by stalking or harassment to identify any support they can provide and create a personalised plan if appropriate. They can also provide a range of practical and emotional support and if necessary help you access support provided by other organisations. Their website is supportingvictims.org.

****4\. Independent Domestic Abuse Services (IDAS)****

Victims of stalking are often vulnerable and have frequently suffered the actions of perpetrators over a long period of time. Many are survivors of domestic abuse, who leave coercive and controlling relationships only to become the victims of an extension of this behaviour by way harassment and stalking. In fact, it is estimated that 55% of victims of stalking are stalker by an ex-partner. IDAS is the largest specialist charity in Yorkshire supporting anyone experiencing or affected by domestic abuse or sexual violence. If you think you are being stalked and experiencing or have survived domestic abuse they provide a confidential, free 24 hour helpline which you can use if you are a victim, worried about your relationship or if you are concerned about someone you know. Visit idas.org.uk to find out more.

****5\. Network for Surviving Stalking****

Often, victims of stalking don’t think what is happening to them is serious enough to report it. Network for Surviving Stalking is a charity which can offer advice and information to people affected by stalking; enabling early recognition and the opportunity to seek help. Whilst they cannot offer one to one advice about individual cases, their website hosts a wealth of information offering general practical advice and information to help you to recognise if stalking is happening to you. Visit scaredofsomeone.org for more info.

****6\. Protection Against Stalking****

Through sharing their own tragic experiences, Protection Against Stalking seeks to raise awareness and change attitudes towards stalking and harassment by providing training and specialist support to practitioners, as well as providing victims with the help and protection they need to rebuild their lives free of fear. Their website protectionagainststalking.org is full of useful information and resources.

No matter how insignificant or trivial what is happening to you may seem, please speak to someone and seek advice. All the details of the organisations listed above and more information can also be found on northyorkshire.police.uk/stalking

If you wish to report incidents of stalking or harassment, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or if it’s an emergency, always call 999.

Posted on 26 February 2019 at 03:34pm in News stories
