```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-07T23:58:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-16T23:57:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Rogue traders have been sent a clear message that they are not welcome in Stokesley, thanks to a new No Cold Calling Zone.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Stokesley residents say NO to cold callers - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stokesley-residents-say-no-cold-callers/
title: Stokesley residents say NO to cold callers
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/stokesley-residents-say-no-cold-callers/
```

Last modified: 7 June 2016 at 11:58pm

Rogue traders have been sent a clear message that they are not welcome in Stokesley, thanks to a new No Cold Calling Zone.

North Yorkshire County Council Trading Standards and North Yorkshire Police worked together to launch the new scheme this month. High-visibility signs have been put up in the streets indicating that cold calling is not welcome, and crime prevention packs including door advice stickers are being delivered to households.

The new zone is the latest to be established in the town, and covers Crowood Avenue, Copsewood Walk, Elmwood, Pinewood Avenue, Linwood Avenue, Cherrywood Avenue, Beechwood Avenue, Dalewood Walk, Ashwood Drive and Cedarwood Avenue. Other parts of Stokesley are already protected by established No Cold Calling Zones (NCCZs).

Sergeant Nick Hill, from Stokesley Police, said: "Rogue traders call at your door and offer to do work on your home or garden that will often be unnecessary, vastly over-priced and of a poor standard. Don't allow anyone to pressure you into agreeing to have work carried out and don't agree to any commencement of work or sign anything on the spot.

"By introducing this new No Cold Calling Zone, more residents can be confident that cold-callers will not disturb them, thus taking away any doubt of who is legitimate or not. The establishment of the zone sends a clear message to cold callers that they are not welcome here. I would urge everyone who lives within a No Cold Calling Zone to report all instances of cold calling immediately to North Yorkshire Trading Standards on 03454 04 05 06 or alternatively North Yorkshire Police on 101."

North Yorkshire County Councillor Chris Metcalfe, Executive Member for Trading Standards, said: "Local residents in this area have clearly indicated they do not wish to be cold called by traders. This zone will protect the local community and warn traders that cold calling in this area will not be tolerated.

"This has been an excellent example of partnership working between Trading Standards, the police and local residents, which will enable residents in this area to feel more secure in their own homes. Trading Standards will continue to take positive action against those traders who consistently breach established No Cold Calling Zones and target vulnerable adults in our communities".

Posted on 16 July 2015 at 11:57pm in News stories
