```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:39:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-08T16:39:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two garage burglaries that occurred overnight 7 - 8 October 2015 in Threshfield and Burnsall.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Garage burglaries in Wharfedale - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/garage-burglaries-wharfedale/
title: Garage burglaries in Wharfedale
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/garage-burglaries-wharfedale/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:39pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about two garage burglaries that occurred overnight 7 - 8 October 2015 in Threshfield and Burnsall.

Both garage burglaries took place during the hours of darkness.

Doors and windows were forced/damaged to gain entry and adult mountain bikes were taken from both. Other electrical items and tools were stored in the buildings but not taken.

It is very likely that these crimes are linked as offenders travelled up/down Wharfedale villages.

Offenders were unseen and unheard but will have been using a vehicle.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone who saw any suspicious vehicle/people in the area leading up to this incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150178049 (Threshfield) or 12150178000 (Burnsall)

**8 October 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150178000 or 12150178049

Posted on 8 October 2015 at 04:39pm in News stories
