```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-31T11:01:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The collision happened at 8.28am and involved a dark coloured Vauxhall Corsa and a pedestrian. Sadly the pedestrian, a local man in his 40s, received fatal injuries and died at the scene. The driver, a local man in his 20s was arrested at the scene and is helping police with their enquiries.\_Another male, also in [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further Appeal following fatal collision on A19 near Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-a19-near-selby/
title: Further Appeal following fatal collision on A19 near Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-a19-near-selby/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a fatal road traffic collision that occurred on the A19 near Selby on Sunday 28 August.

The collision happened at 8.28am and involved a dark coloured Vauxhall Corsa and a pedestrian.

Sadly the pedestrian, a local man in his 40s, received fatal injuries and died at the scene.

The driver, a local man in his 20s was arrested at the scene and is helping police with their enquiries. Another male, also in his 20s was arrested later that day and is also helping police with their enquiries.

The stretch of road was closed while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicle(s) to be recovered.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about two dark coloured vehicles which were travelling together prior to the collision through Selby town, out of town along the A1041 onto Brayton Lane and onto Doncaster Road just prior to the collision.

If anyone has private CCTV at their property which overlooks Brayton Lane or Donaster Road please contact us.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gemma Wood or Sean Grey. You can also email Gemma.Wood@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Sean.Grey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160155899.

Tuesday 30 August 2016

Contact details:
 Gemma Wood \- #1470
Gemma.Wood@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160155899
Posted on 31 August 2016 at 11:01am in Local appeals
