```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-03-26T12:58:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Employees joined the Northallerton-based Wombles of Hambleton today who organised the litter pick around the town. Between them, the group of 12 collected 11 bags of rubbish from around the town in just an hour. The event is part of the Great British Spring Clean, \_a nationwide event from 22 March to 23 April run [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/Wombles-group-shot.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police employees and volunteers join forces to clean up the streets of Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-employees-and-volunteers-join-forces-to-clean-up-the-streets-of-northallerton/
title: Police employees and volunteers join forces to clean up the streets of Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-employees-and-volunteers-join-forces-to-clean-up-the-streets-of-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 26 March 2019 at 12:58pm

Officers and staff from North Yorkshire Police have helped litter-picking volunteers improve their community as part of the Great British Spring Clean.

Wombles of Hambleton and North Yorkshire Police clean up Northallerton's streets

Employees joined the Northallerton-based Wombles of Hambleton today who organised the litter pick around the town.

Between them, the group of 12 collected 11 bags of rubbish from around the town in just an hour.

The event is part of the Great British Spring Clean, a nationwide event from 22 March to 23 April run by Keep Britain Tidy.

After the litter pick, Inspector Alex Butterfield, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “At North Yorkshire Police we feel strongly about improving our communities, so it makes sense to support this national event by joining enthusiastic community-spirited volunteers.

“Not only does helping to tidy up our streets give us a big sense of satisfaction, studies have also proven that a cleaner, tidier environment also cuts down on antisocial behaviour and makes people feel safer.

“So this has been a very worthwhile hour for all involved.”

The Wombles of Hambleton has previously been given an award by Chief Constable Lisa Winward in recognition of their work to improve our communities.

Claire Hampson, who runs the group and organises frequent litter picks in conjunction with the Northallerton and Villages Community Volunteers group, said: “It was great to have North Yorkshire Police involved and meet like-minded people.

Chief Constable Lisa Winward with volunteers from the Wombles of Hambleton

“It shows the enthusiasm people have when it comes to improving our communities. Since our first pick last July, we now have over 500 followers worldwide and are regularly joined by 30 to 40 people on every litter pick.

“Since the start of January 2019, we have collected 419 sacks of litter from around Northallerton.”

As with any volunteering event, North Yorkshire Police ensured today’s litter pick did not have any impact on frontline resources.

Posted on 26 March 2019 at 12:58pm in News stories
