```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-03T17:25:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-03T16:58:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Is your car winter ready? Christmas is over but the worst of the winter weather could still be on its way \u2013 have you checked that your car is ready? Take this simple five-minute test to see if your vehicle is ready for cold conditions. Don&#8217;t leave it until it&#8217;s too late&#8230; northyorkshire.police.uk/fiveminutetest Beat the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/Is-your-car-winter-ready.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 12 things that you can do in 2019 to help keep your family, your home and North Yorkshire safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/12-things-that-you-can-do-in-2019-to-help-keep-your-family-your-home-and-north-yorkshire-safe/
title: 12 things that you can do in 2019 to help keep your family, your home and North Yorkshire safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/12-things-that-you-can-do-in-2019-to-help-keep-your-family-your-home-and-north-yorkshire-safe/
```

Last modified: 3 January 2019 at 05:25pm

North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in the country but we mustn’t be complacent. As we look forward to the year ahead we’ve compiled 12 different things you should familiarise yourself with to keep you, your home and your loved ones safe in 2019.

 1. **Is your car winter ready?**

Christmas is over but the worst of the winter weather could still be on its way – have you checked that your car is ready? Take this simple five-minute test to see if your vehicle is ready for cold conditions. Don't leave it until it's too late… northyorkshire.police.uk/fiveminutetest

 2. **Beat the burglars**

Do you always make sure that your valuables are out of sight of prying eyes and do you keep your doors locked – even when you are home? Many crimes happen on the spur of the moment, with thieves often taking advantage of an open window or valuables left on display in a car. However, by taking a few simple steps, you can avoid many of these crimes. Read our 14 tips for keeping your home secure this year: northyorkshire.police.uk/14tipshomesecurity

****

 3. **Parental controls: on**

Did you give your children a new smart phone or device for Christmas? Paedophiles target children online by pretending to be someone else. Make sure parental controls are on all of your children’s devices and talk to them about staying safe online: northyorkshire.police.uk/onlineadvice

 4. **Hello … I'm calling from your bank**

Just because someone knows some personal details such as your name and address or your mother’s maiden name – it does not mean they are genuine. Remember, the police or your bank will never ask you to withdraw money to aid an investigation; ask you to lie about why you are withdrawing money or send someone to your home to collect cash, PIN, cards or cheque books. Take five and visit northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud to find out about the simple steps that you can take to protect yourself and your loved ones against fraud.

 5. **It can happen to anyone**

When many people hear the word stalking they still think of a stranger lurking in the shadows or a delusional fan following a celebrity. Whilst these cover some stalking scenarios they are by no means the majority. If you or someone you know is persistently receiving unwanted contact from another individual that is causing you, or them, to feel distressed or live in fear then please, please report it. For more advice visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/stalking

****

 6. **Cuckooing**

Has there been an increase in callers to your neighbour’s property recently? Are their windows covered or curtains closed for long periods? Please look out for the signs of cuckooing in your neighbourhood. This is where drug dealers from out of the area use threats to take over the home of a vulnerable person, often drug users, or someone with a mental or physical disability, single mum or sex worker. Find out more here: northyorkshire.police.uk/countylines

 7. **999 or 101?**

Lost your keys, missed your train or has your local take away closed early? Unfortunately, people often call 999 to report incidents such as these however calls of this nature could stop a genuine emergency from getting through to us. So, please help us to help you and only dial 999 in an emergency. Watch our short animations to find out when to contact police and the best number to use: northyorkshire.police.uk/999or101

****

 8. **What is Dot Peen?**

Is your New Year’s resolution to get fit or finish the DIY jobs around the house? Next time you dig the bike or your tools out of the garage, speak to your local Neighbourhood Policing Team about getting them Dot Peen security marked for free. We can also mark power tools, computers, electrical devices, mobile phones, tablets, equestrian tack, golf clubs, musical instrument cases – and much more besides! Find out more here: northyorkshire.police.uk/dotpeen

****

 9. **Ready for anything**

Looking for a challenge this year? Our dedicated team of officers, volunteers and our partners are on standby 24/7, 365 days a year ready to respond to major incidents, critical incidents and civil emergencies such as flooding. As we look to the year ahead you too can do your bit next year by becoming a trained volunteer. Find out more here: emergencynorthyorks.gov.uk/readyforanything

 10. **Together we’ve got it covered**

Seen someone acting suspiciously? We work with partner agencies including our local councils, the military, tourist attractions retailers and many others to help keep North Yorkshire safe as possible. We also rely on you to be our eyes and ears and report any suspicious activity. Find out more about how you can play your part here: act.campaign.gov.uk

 11. **New Year, new relationship?**

Starting a new relationship can be an exciting time but do you have concerns about your partner? Did you know that any concerned person, including a current partner, family member, professional person or-next door-neighbour, has a right to ask the police about someone’s past if they are worried about their behaviour and think they may potentially be violent? More information can be found here: northyorkshire.police.uk/clareslaw

****

 12. **Prey to criminals**

With our rural villages, market towns, and working farmland, North Yorkshire is a beautiful place to live, work and visit. But unfortunately, these rural locations are not immune from the problems of crime. You can help us to tackle rural crime by taking an active part in crime prevention, and signing up for our free Community Messaging service or one of our rural watch schemes. Check out northyorkshire.police.uk/ruralpolicing for more info about how you can help.

To keep up-to-date on everything that we do to keep North Yorkshire a safe place to live, work and visit check out our website northyorkshire.police.uk or follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Posted on 3 January 2019 at 04:58pm in News stories
