```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:09:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-07T10:08:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary at a property in Cropton, near Pickering.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Cropton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-cropton/
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Cropton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-cropton/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:09am

Police are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary at a property in Cropton, near Pickering.

The incident happened between 8pm and 10pm on Wednesday 6 April 2016.

Several offenders wearing balaclavas forced entry to a property, confronted the occupant and stole an amount of cash. The male occupant was restrained in the address whilst the offence was carried out.

The offenders have travelled in a stolen grey VW GOLF R. It was on cloned number plates displaying the registration DV14FWX.

The vehicle is known to have travelled along the A170 from the direction of Thirsk prior to the burglary taking place. It was later recovered a few miles from Cropton, where it had come off the road and crashed. The occupants of the vehicle had made off prior to police arriving on the scene.

Anyone who saw the grey Golf, VRM DV14FWX on the evening of Wednesday 6 April 2016, or who has any information about the incident, is asked to contact police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask for the Serious Crime Team or DC 1670 Steve Monty or DS 1097 Steve Paxton. Alternatively, you can e-mail stephen.monty@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160059682 when passing on information about the incident.

Posted on 7 April 2016 at 10:08am in News stories
