```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-24T16:14:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident occurred around 9.50pm on Wednesday 19 September 2018. Two men wearing balaclavas broke into the property. They made off with a 28 bore shot gun made by the Australian company Cowles and Dunn, as well as 12 bore shotgun and a .22 rifle fitted with a silencer. Other valuable and sentimental items taken [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/MAsham-agg-burg-silver-patridge-300x226.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal following aggravated burglary in the Masham area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-the-masham-area/
title: Police appeal following aggravated burglary in the Masham area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-the-masham-area/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

Police are continuing to investigate an aggravated burglary in the Masham area which involved the theft of three licensed firearms and numerous silver items.

The incident occurred around 9.50pm on Wednesday 19 September 2018.

Two men wearing balaclavas broke into the property.

They made off with a 28 bore shot gun made by the Australian company Cowles and Dunn, as well as 12 bore shotgun and a .22 rifle fitted with a silencer.

Other valuable and sentimental items taken in the incident included:

 * A silver christening mugs engraved with floral decoration, Birmingham, 1863
 * A silver christening pot/mug, Wilson & Gill, Regent Street, London, 1900
 * Filigree caddy spoon
 * A rectangular hinged trinket box, Barrett & Sons, Piccadilly, London
 * A silver heart-shaped pill box, London, 1891
 * A silver partridge - one of an identical pair
 * Halcyon Days enamel circular boxes, one decorated with a bee.
 * Circular tooled snuff box, Birmingham, 1927
 * A small rectangular Vinaigrette with “LAB” on lid
 * A silver carriage clock in red leather case, Carrington & Co
 * A silver chatelaine with six chains including a pin cushion, locket with photo of a child, vinaigrette, scissors /case, spike, thimble in basket, tape measure, larger locket with hair, thermometer case
 * silver scissors
 * Silver heart-shaped Victorian Ashtray, Foliage & Birds
 * An Apple iPhone 5SE
 * A Landline telephone handset

Officers are supporting the home owner while enquiries are ongoing to track the suspects down and recover the firearms and personal items.

They are urging people to come forward who may have been offered similar items for sale since the incident, as well as any suspicious behaviour in the Masham area during the past week.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12180175817 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 24 September 2018 at 05:14pm in News stories
