```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-16T17:28:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Skipton are appealing for information after a bogus caller targeted an elderly man in Pinshaw Road.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Skipton bogus caller warning and appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-bogus-caller-warning-and-appeal/
title: Skipton bogus caller warning and appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-bogus-caller-warning-and-appeal/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

Police in Skipton are appealing for information after a bogus caller targeted an elderly man in Pinshaw Road.

At around 3pm on Thursday 15 January 2015, the suspect, who was wearing a high-visibility jacket and presented a false identity card, tricked his way into the victim's house, claiming to be from the "water board".

He then asked the victim to go into the kitchen and turn on the taps while he searched the man's property, stealing money and personal items before leaving in the direction of Greatwood Community Primary School.

The suspect is described as white, around 5ft 6in tall and of average build.

Officers are asking anyone in the area to contact them if they saw a man matching his description wearing a hi-vis jacket, along with anyone who believes they have been targeted by the man.

Police are also warning residents everywhere to be on their guard against anyone who cold calls at their home.

If you are not sure who is at your door, please don't let them in. If they present an identity card, make them wait outside while you check their credentials with their organisation. A genuine caller will be happy to wait outside.

Always look up their phone numbers, don't use any provided by the caller as it may also be bogus.

To check on anyone claiming to be a water official, you can call Yorkshire Water's "check identity" phone line on 0345 1 24 24 24.

PC Andrew Middlemiss of Skipton Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a cold and callous crime against an elderly man.

"I urge anyone who has any information that could assist our enquiries to contact us as soon as possible.

"Please also report anything suspicious in your neighbourhood, and please look out for anyone calling at the homes of elderly neighbours. Do not hesitate to call the police and report any suspicious behaviour, no matter how insignificant you may think it is, it could help our investigation and lead to preventing a crime or making an arrest."

To pass on information about this incident, please call 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Andy Middlemiss, or email Andrew.middlemiss@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12150008257.

To report an incident, please call 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you are threatened, always call the police on 999.

Posted on 16 January 2015 at 05:28pm in News stories
