```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-15T14:37:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-15T14:20:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 1am on Wednesday 15 November, an officer from North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Roads Policing Group on patrol in Kildwick, near Skipton, spotted a quad bike being driven in suspicious circumstances. It was being followed closely behind by a VW Golf. Both vehicles were pursued by the officer along the A629 dual carriageway towards Steeton, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cross border quad bike theft suspects arrested - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cross-border-quad-bike-theft-suspects-arrested/
title: Cross border quad bike theft suspects arrested
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cross-border-quad-bike-theft-suspects-arrested/
```

Last modified: 15 November 2017 at 02:37pm

Three men have been arrested after being pursued by police on a stolen quad bike and car.

At about 1am on Wednesday 15 November, an officer from North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group on patrol in Kildwick, near Skipton, spotted a quad bike being driven in suspicious circumstances. It was being followed closely behind by a VW Golf.

Both vehicles were pursued by the officer along the A629 dual carriageway towards Steeton, West Yorkshire.

The driver of the quad then drove the wrong way down the Kildwick to Steeton carriageway with its lights switched off before the officer lost sight of it.

Officers deployed from West Yorkshire Police’s Roads Policing Unit located the quad and VW Gold leading to the quad being abandoned in Lorne Street, Holmewood, Bradford. The car was stopped in Broadstone Way, Dudley Hill, Bradford.

A 34-year-old man from Gildersome, a 19-year-old man from Bradford, and a 21-year-old man from Bradford were arrested on suspicion of theft.

All three remain in police custody for questioning.

The quad bike is believed to have been stolen from Skipton and was recovered by police.

North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce have been raising awareness of the importance of quad bike security in recent months, particularly in the Craven area.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: “North Yorkshire is a very safe place, but unfortunately we know that criminals travel into our county targeting isolated areas. High-profile operations and ongoing work by the Rural Taskforce is helping make Craven a no-go area for cross-border criminals – but we need residents’ assistance to make it even safer.

“I am urging anyone who owns a Land Rover or a quad bike – and particularly if they live in a rural area – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure. It’s much better to spend a bit of time and money now on better security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears in rural areas, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action.”

Owners of quad bikes and Land Rovers are being asked to follow this crime prevention advice:

 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not
 * Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it
 * Consider fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device
 * Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number

If you are aware of any suspicious activity, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Ref: 12170205097

Posted on 15 November 2017 at 02:20pm in News stories
