```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-18T16:54:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-17T14:57:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: We put out the post underneath (now amended) following initial information we had received from emergency service workers that one of our officers had rescued two residents from the property which was filling with smoke. We can confirm that our officers witnessed the house on fire whilst on patrol and one of them assisted one [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'York: House blaze hero cop ***updated**** - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-house-blaze-hero-cop/
title: 'York: House blaze hero cop ***updated****'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-house-blaze-hero-cop/
```

Last modified: 18 February 2020 at 04:54pm

This is a clarification regarding the original item released on Monday.

We put out the post underneath (now amended) following initial information we had received from emergency service workers that one of our officers had rescued two residents from the property which was filling with smoke.

We can confirm that our officers witnessed the house on fire whilst on patrol and one of them assisted one of the family members who she realised was still inside, whilst the other occupants were exiting.

The officer entered the property in thick smoke and ensured the man got out safely – at the same time checking that the room was clear of any other residents.

This officer acted above the call of duty and her brave actions, along with our colleagues in the fire service, ensured everyone made it out of the house safely.

We’re pleased to say our officer was released from hospital after being checked over and we hope that the family make a full recovery from what must have been a truly terrifying ordeal.

Thank you for your continued support.

*****************************************

A heroic York police officer saved a man and a woman from a house blaze caused by a tumble dryer.

The incident at the property on Huntington Road was reported to the police at 10.35pm on Sunday (16 February 2020).

The fire had started in the adjoining garage where the tumble dryer is kept.

The garage was well alight and smoke was quickly filling the whole building.

One of the police officers who was first on the scene bravely entered the house and she assisted a resident to escape to safety from the living room.

She suffered from smoke inhalation and attended York District Hospital for treatment. A man and woman from the house were also checked over at the hospital.

A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: “The brave and quick-thinking actions of the police officer helped to ensure this incident did not have a tragic outcome.

"The officer is a credit to North Yorkshire Police and she can be very proud that she has helped to save the life of one of the residents who had not left the smoke-filled property.”

Posted on 17 February 2020 at 02:57pm in News stories
