```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-19T07:56:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-19T07:53:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The operation was part of a wider national clampdown, dubbed Operation Tornado II, which has seen forces across the country focus on metal theft and waste crime over the past week. This kind of crime is a national issue, but North Yorkshire\u2019s isolated, rural areas are particularly vulnerable to such offending \u2013 which is often [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/PCs-Rory-Sadler-and-Ben-Fairhurst-from-NYP-Rural-Taskforce-undertaking-checks-at-a-scrap-metal-dealer-768x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Spotlight on metal theft and waste crime in North Yorkshire, as part of national police operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spotlight-on-metal-theft-and-waste-crime-in-north-yorkshire-as-part-of-national-police-operation/
title: Spotlight on metal theft and waste crime in North Yorkshire, as part of national police operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spotlight-on-metal-theft-and-waste-crime-in-north-yorkshire-as-part-of-national-police-operation/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2020 at 08:56am

Police have taken part in a week-long operation targeting metal theft, heritage crime and fly-tipping in York and North Yorkshire.

The operation was part of a wider national clampdown, dubbed Operation Tornado II, which has seen forces across the country focus on metal theft and waste crime over the past week.

This kind of crime is a national issue, but North Yorkshire’s isolated, rural areas are particularly vulnerable to such offending – which is often linked to organised crime.

Sectors severely affected by metal theft include transport, power and telecommunications. Heritage sites, including places of worship, are also increasingly being targeted, with metal stolen from roofs and altars causing irreparable structural damage and historic loss.

At the start of the Covid-19 pandemic, international demand for metal was low as construction projects were paused. However, as industry has resumed, the prices of metal are beginning to rise once again, threatening an increase of metal theft, particularly in more isolated locations.

It is believed the vast majority of metal crime is organised, due to the nature of the offending. Criminals may target specific sites which they know are accessible, working in groups to travel across borders to commit these offences. Tools are required to cut and remove metal from sites, and vehicles needed for transportation of large, heavy loads.

Throughout the police operation in North Yorkshire, officers have been targeting unlicensed scrap metal collectors – whose activities can cause great concern, particularly in rural communities. Vehicles, often in a poor condition and overloaded, can turn up in farmyards, and take the opportunity to look for items or equipment to steal.

Officers have also focused their attention on fly-tipping, which may be on a small scale, with dumped rubbish bags, mattresses or waste products from illegal cannabis production – or the large scale dumping of mass volumes of hazardous materials by organised crime gangs.

Detective Superintendent Fran Naughton, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Metal theft and waste crime continues to be a focus for us in North Yorkshire, and policing nationally. Together with our partners, we are committed to tackling all forms of this crime.

“Everyone needs to be vigilant of a resurgence of metal theft based on supply and demand, so we are working with our partners to share intelligence and coordinate our activity. That involves working together to respond through prevention, education and enforcement, and detecting and disrupting those committing these crimes.

“Waste crime like fly-tipping blights farmland, roadsides and other private land. It’s a source of pollution, a potential danger to public health and a hazard to wildlife. It also undermines legitimate waste businesses who operate within the law. Again, by working together with local authorities, we can tackle this issue, and take action against those responsible.

“I would urge anyone to report any suspicious activity to the police by calling 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress. In particular, reports of metal theft should be made as soon as possible to increase the chances of detection.

“Tackling metal theft and waste crime is about prevention as much as detection. We are also encouraging people to remain vigilant and consider security measures to protect metal assets.”

Throughout the week, officers from North Yorkshire Police’s specialist Roads Policing Group, and Operational Support Unit, undertook proactive patrols, focusing in particular on vehicles carrying metal or waste.

On Thursday 15 October, North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce worked alongside Hambleton District Council and Environment Agency staff at a dedicated vehicle checkpoint in a layby between Northallerton and Darlington. Officers used police powers to stop vehicles likely to be carrying metal or waste, to check they were all in order. Strict Covid-secure measures were in place for everyone’s safety. The checks identified a number of follow-up enquiries to be made by the Environment Agency.

On Friday 16 October, Rural Taskforce officers conducted site visits to scrap metal dealers, to ensure relevant legislation was being complied with. Positively, no issues were identified.

PCs Rory Sadler and Ben Fairhurst from NYP Rural Taskforce undertaking checks at a scrap metal dealer Posted on 19 October 2020 at 08:53am in News stories, Rural
