```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-18T17:27:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman suffered serious injuries in a collision on the A61 at Baldersby near Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious collision A61 at Baldersby near Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-a61-at-baldersby-near-thirsk/
title: Serious collision A61 at Baldersby near Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-collision-a61-at-baldersby-near-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman suffered serious injuries in a collision on the A61 at Baldersby near Thirsk.

It happened at 11.58am on Sunday 18 January 2015 when the a Vauxhall Corsa travelling from the direction of the A1 towards Baldersby, was in collision with a black Vauxhall Vectra travelling in the opposite direction.

The 42-year-old woman driver of the Corsa was airlifted to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough with serious injuries.

The driver of the Vectra, a 20-year-old man, his 19-year-old woman passenger and a two-year-old boy, were taken to Harrogate District Hospital with minor injuries.

Police are appealing to anyone who was travelling in the area at the time and saw either of the vehicles before the collision, or who witnessed the actual collision, to contact them.

In particular, officers are appealing to the driver and occupants of a gold coloured coach that may have been in the area at the time, to contact them.

Anyone who has any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Andy MacLeod or email andrew.macleod@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12150009979.

The road was closed for around five-and-a-half hours to allow emergency services to attend to the casualties and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene.

Posted on 18 January 2015 at 05:27pm in News stories
