```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:31:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-09T12:30:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The biggest ever crime prevention campaign York has ever seen has got underway - with more than 3,000 homes already security checked.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York&#039;s largest security check campaign hits the 3,000 mark - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/yorks-largest-security-check-campaign-hits-3000-mark/
title: York's largest security check campaign hits the 3,000 mark
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/yorks-largest-security-check-campaign-hits-3000-mark/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:31pm

The biggest ever crime prevention campaign York has ever seen has got underway - with more than 3,000 homes already security checked.

Dedicated patrols of police officers and PCSOs, supported by Special Constables, volunteers and Police Cadets, have been out across the city over the last two weeks.

So far, 3,046 households have been physically and visually checked to ensure they were left secure.

Unfortunately, in one particular area of York, 13% of the 500 homes that officers visited were insecure - for example, because a downstairs window had been left open or a front door unlocked.

Operation Joypad sees additional, high-visibility police patrols across York in May, June and July. When an insecure property is found, officers will contact the homeowner and provide suitable home security advice.

Statistically, around one in four burglaries are 'crimes of opportunity', where an offender enters a property through an unlocked door or window. Although York is a very safe city, such burglaries tend to increase in the summer months, as homeowners leave windows and doors open, or spend time in the garden.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "The recent good weather means it's all too easy for homeowners to leave their property insecure - for example, leaving a front window open while they're in the back garden.

"It's reassuring that out of the 3,000 homes we have checked so far, the vast majority were locked and secured, meaning that most of the city is a no-go area for opportunist burglars.

"However, in some specific areas of York, more than one in ten homes we looked at were not properly secured. That's a worrying statistic, and my simple message is that it's just not worth the risk. Far better to spend an extra few seconds closing and locking windows and doors than dealing with the awful consequences of a sneak-in burglary."

Throughout Operation Joypad, York Police will continue to host 'dot peen' property marking sessions, using equipment that permanently marks valuables such as laptops, mobile phones and cycles. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide evidence vital in securing prosecutions.

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, contact your local police team via 101, or follow them on Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest - the service is promoted with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

For more information about home security and property marking, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also install North Yorkshire Police's home security web app, BurglarProof, at burglarproof.nyp.mobi. And you can download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad - just search for "Securing your home" on iTunes.

Operation Joypad will continue until July, with officers hoping to have security-checked a total of 25,000 homes by then.

**9 May 2016**

Posted on 9 May 2016 at 12:30pm in News stories
