```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-08T17:06:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-08T17:01:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Overnight on 6 February to 7 February 2017, two houses and a number of vehicles were broken into in Seamer and Irton. A house was broken into in Main Street, Seamer where the offenders stole a wallet and keys to a van. They then entered three other vehicles parked at the property. Thankfully, nothing was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal and warning following spate of burglaries and vehicle break-ins in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-warning-following-spate-burglaries-vehicle-break-ins-scarborough/
title: Appeal and warning following spate of burglaries and vehicle break-ins in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-warning-following-spate-burglaries-vehicle-break-ins-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 8 February 2017 at 05:06pm

Police in Scarborough are appealing for information and are asking people to lock their doors following a spate of house burglaries and car break-ins.

Overnight on 6 February to 7 February 2017, two houses and a number of vehicles were broken into in Seamer and Irton.

A house was broken into in Main Street, Seamer where the offenders stole a wallet and keys to a van. They then entered three other vehicles parked at the property. Thankfully, nothing was taken from the vehicles.

In The Grove in seamer, a house and motorhome were entered and a purse and mobile phone were stolen.

Two cars were broken into in Beacon Road, Seamer, a head torch was taken from one of them. Another car was broken into in Eastgate, Seamer but nothing was taken and another was broken into in Main Street, Irton and a small amount of cash was stolen.

Officers are appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area overnight or has any information that could assist the investigation to contact them.

In some of the break-ins, the owners had left their home or vehicle un-locked. Officers are urging members of the public to always lock their doors – even when they are at home – and remove valuables from their vehicles.

Detective Constable Vicky Millington of Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “Although the villages are a relatively low-crime area, it is still important to lock your doors and keep your vehicles secure. Thieves are looking for opportunities to steal and the more obstacles you put in their way, the less likely they are steal.”

Anyone with any information that could help the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for DC Vicky Millington or email Vicky.Millington@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170021745 when passing on information.

Posted on 8 February 2017 at 05:01pm in News stories
