```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:42:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-06T14:49:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on High Street, Eastfield.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following an assault in Eastfield - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-assault-eastfield/
title: Appeal for witnesses following an assault in Eastfield
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-assault-eastfield/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:42am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on High Street, Eastfield.

The incident happened between 7pm and 7.20pm on Saturday 04 November 2017 near to Proudfoots Supermarket when two young men were walking on the High Street when they were approached by an unknown man. This man punched both of the younger men in the face, causing slight swelling to the mouth area. The offender then walked off towards the shops.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the suspect. He is described as white, 5'8″ tall, of skinny build and had dark brown hair. He was wearing a blue polo shirt with tracksuit bottoms.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for 0196 Sarah Malia. You can also email sarah.malia@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170198554.

Date 04/11/2017

Contact details:
 Sarah MALIA \- #0196
sarah.malia@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30196
Incident reference:
 12170198554
Posted on 6 November 2017 at 02:49pm in Local appeals
