```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-20T12:57:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-20T12:49:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Stephanie Todd, 57, from Catterick was today sentenced to two and a half years at Teesside Crown Court after being found guilty of theft. In August 2013, Todd befriended a pensioner in his 90s, after meeting him while shopping in Richmond and taking him home when she believed \u2018he was confused\u2019 &#8211; two months later [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Stephanie-Lauren-Todd-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Former councillor jailed for theft following North Yorkshire Police investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-councillor-jailed-for-theft-following-north-yorkshire-police-investigation/
title: Former councillor jailed for theft following North Yorkshire Police investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/former-councillor-jailed-for-theft-following-north-yorkshire-police-investigation/
```

Last modified: 20 July 2018 at 01:57pm

A former councillor who stole £46,000 from an elderly man has been jailed for two and half years following a North Yorkshire Police investigation.

Stephanie Todd, 57, from Catterick was today sentenced to two and a half years at Teesside Crown Court after being found guilty of theft.

In August 2013, Todd befriended a pensioner in his 90s, after meeting him while shopping in Richmond and taking him home when she believed ‘he was confused’ - two months later she began caring for the victim.

However, concerns were raised over the man’s welfare by the solicitors with Power of Attorney over his financial affairs, after Todd escorted the victim to a different solicitors in Richmond to start the process of changing his Power of Attorney. She had also convinced the victim to change his will leaving his house and contents to Todd.

A check was subsequently made on the man’s bank account statements which revealed that significant spending and ATM cash withdrawals had been placed.

Upon further investigation by North Yorkshire Police, it was found that there was a substantial change in the pensioner’s spending pattern which occurred from late August 2013 right up until Todd was arrested on 30 June 2016.

Following Todd’s arrest, a search of her premises was conducted and a large amount of receipts and number of the victim’s bank statements were seized including the victim’s bank card which was in her purse.

Detective Constable Nicola Hancock from North Yorkshire Police’s Economic Crime Unit said: “Todd preyed on an elderly and vulnerable man in his time of need, she gained his trust and proceeded to steal thousands of pounds, as well as convincing him to change the details of his will.

“Thankfully, the matter was brought to our attention and we carried out a lengthy investigation, which uncovered a change in the victim’s spending pattern and a significant increase in overall spending from the time Todd began caring for the victim until her arrest.

"The sentence sends out a clear message that this kind of offending, particularly against the vulnerable, will simply not be tolerated.

“North Yorkshire Police is determined to investigate such matters thoroughly and robustly.”

Financial Investigator Steve Wright from North Yorkshire Police’s Economic Crime Unit who also worked as part of the investigation team said:

“The effect that crimes of this nature have on people is devastating.

"This was clearly a gross breach of trust and all the evidence shows the extent to which Todd took advantage of her elderly victim who sadly died shortly after the conviction.

“North Yorkshire Police will continue to pursue criminal charges against those who seek to exploit vulnerable members of our community.”

North Yorkshire Police will now seek a confiscation order under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 to recoup the stolen money.

Posted on 20 July 2018 at 01:49pm in News stories
