```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-18T15:00:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-18T15:00:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We had a new trainer this week called Pete, nice man and a good sense of humour. \_We started the day again just with a quick introduction as Pete hadn\u2019t met any of us before. We started the session by having a knowledge test covering what we had learnt from the previous training. I\u2019m not [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Pinki&#039;s special blog #2 - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-2/
title: 'Pinki''s special blog #2'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-2/
```

Last modified: 18 October 2016 at 03:00pm

Back at Newby Wiske ready for the next training, Legislation 1. Not quite sure what to expect but I'm ready to learn as much as possible.

We had a new trainer this week called Pete, nice man and a good sense of humour. We started the day again just with a quick introduction as Pete hadn’t met any of us before. We started the session by having a knowledge test covering what we had learnt from the previous training. I’m not the best at tests so I’m a little nervous at this point. After five minutes or so we had all completed the test and it wasn’t as bad as I thought it was going to be.

So, it was time to get straight into the day, this is where the training really started. We covered a vast amount as the day went on, topics included: Statements, how to structure statements how to give and take a statement, gathering evidence what make a good statement, how best to write and take a description, how to complete a statement form and how to prepare an exhibit card. It was a lot of information to digest but just like the previous week we all worked as a group which made it feel less daunting.

We had a couple of exercises to do which I find useful when learning new things, one was watching a video and remembering what took place to be able to write up the incident in our PNBs (pocket note books) this part was quite nerve-racking. It was the first time we had written in our PNBs and like doing anything for the first time you want to try and get it right! Well, that didn’t quite happen for me, first line in my PNB and I'd made a mistake already! So much for getting it right the first time!

As the day came to a close we were given some homework to do for our next session, we were asked to complete a statement on an official form, which is basically taking what we had learnt and putting into practice.

The session was packed with new information which did feel overwhelming at times, but I have to say it does feel great to be back in a learning environment.

Posted on 18 October 2016 at 03:00pm in News stories
