```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:05:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-07T13:04:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A cyclist who was found seriously injured on Buttertubs Pass at the weekend has sadly died in hospital.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Renewed appeal after Buttertubs cyclist dies in hospital - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-appeal-buttertubs-cyclist-dies-hospital/
title: Renewed appeal after Buttertubs cyclist dies in hospital
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-appeal-buttertubs-cyclist-dies-hospital/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:05pm

A cyclist who was found seriously injured on Buttertubs Pass at the weekend has sadly died in hospital.

The cyclist, a man in his fifties from Middlesbrough, was found with serious injuries on the pass - the road between Hawes and Muker - on Sunday morning.

At around 11.40am on the morning of Sunday 4 October 2015, a passing motorist came across the injured cyclist lying in the road approximately 200 metres from the summit.

He was taken to James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where he died on the night of Monday 5 October 2015.

The cyclist had been travelling from the direction of Hawes towards Muker. He was wearing a white helmet, fluorescent yellow t-shirt and dark coloured shorts and was riding a silver Canyon pedal cycle.

Police have renewed their appeal for information, Traffic Sergeant Ian Pope of the Major Collision Investigation Unit, said: "I would like to hear from anyone who was travelling along the pass between Hawes and Muker from 11am to 11.45am on Sunday morning. It would have taken the cyclist a while to reach Buttertubs' summit and there must have been a number of vehicles or other cyclists who passed him. I urge them to please contact us, no matter how insignificant they think their information may be, it could be hugely important in helping us piece together the circumstances that led to him falling from his cycle."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit, or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150175659 when passing on information.

7 October 2015

Posted on 7 October 2015 at 01:04pm in News stories
