```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:37:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-23T11:47:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Harrogate are appealing for information after burglars stole thousands of pounds worth of belongings from a house on Knaresborough Road near the junction of Kingsley Road.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Harrogate police appeal following high-value burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-police-appeal-following-high-value-burglary/
title: Harrogate police appeal following high-value burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/harrogate-police-appeal-following-high-value-burglary/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:37pm

Police in Harrogate are appealing for information after burglars stole thousands of pounds worth of belongings from a house on Knaresborough Road near the junction of Kingsley Road.

The burglary happened between 7.30am on Wednesday 18 February 2015 and 2pm the following day when the offenders broke in by accessing keys which they took after breaking a window.

As well as stealing a number of high value items including bikes, clothing and electronic goods, the suspects also stole the home owner's blue BMW Z4 Coupe which was parked outside.

The offenders would have needed a vehicle to transport the stolen items and police are appealing to anyone who saw or heard any suspicious vehicles or people in the area to contact them, including any sightings of suspicious activity in the days leading up to the burglary.

They would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen the blue BMW Z4 Coupe travelling in the area or knows of its current whereabouts.

Some of the items were subsequently recovered from a hedgerow at the junction with Kinglsey Drive and Birstwith Road. Officers are also appealing to anyone in this area who may have seen any suspicious people, vehicles or activity around the time of the burglary.

The stolen items include:

 * Giant FCR 2 red and silver road cycle worth £600

 * Van Nicholas Yukon road bike with titanium frame in silver worth £2,500. This cycle has a sticker on it saying CYCLE SENSE
 * Cannondale SystemSix road cycle in green, white and black worth between £2,000 and £2,500. This cycle has a sticker on it saying LAKE LEISURE BIKES
 * Specialised Rockhopper Competition mountain bike with no pedals on it, valued at £1,000
 * Samsung 32″ LCD TV
 * Samsung 40″ LED Smart TV
 * Longines Evidenza watch in white metal with a cream face and brown leather strap worth £2,000
 * Cartier tank watch in white metal with a black strap and a white face, valued at £4,500
 * Playstation 3 in black with controller £400
 * Sonos connect amplifier in white £400
 * KEF XQ1 speakers £1000
 * Garmin Edge 1000 worth £500 which is a sat nav for a bike which tracks your progress
 * Barbour Commander Jacket in green valued at £400
 * iPad 3 in white with a red case
 * iPhone 4s in black

Anyone who has any information about the burglary or discarded items, or has been offered any of the stolen goods for sale, is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Detective Constable Quita Passmore, or email quita.passmore@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12150027909 when passing on information.

Detective Constable Quita Passmore of Harrogate Priority Crime Team, urged residents to take as many security measures as possible, she said: "Home owners can take some simple steps to help prevent opportunist criminals from helping themselves to your property. Please always hide your valuables out of sight, including your keys, away from windows and prying eyes.

"Please also enable your pin-lock if you have a smartphone, tablet or other mobile device and consider installing location software such as Find My iPhone to ensure that you can wipe your data and locate your devices if necessary.

"It is also worth keeping records and photographs of valuable and electrical items including serial numbers, IMEI numbers and descriptions including any unique features."

Use our interactive home security self-assessment tool, BurglarProof, which you can access on a smartphone or other mobile device to ensure your property is a safe as possible: http://burglarproof.nyp.mobi/

Posted on 23 February 2015 at 11:47am in News stories
