```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-30T17:29:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-30T16:28:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s first Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadet Unit opened last week, providing local youngsters with an opportunity to help their community, gain an insight into policing and learn valuable skills for life. The scheme is being run in partnership with Yorkshire Coast College where cadet training sessions take place on weekday evenings during school [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/11/5Z7A2728-1024x634.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New Volunteer Police Cadet unit opens in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-opens-scarborough/
title: New Volunteer Police Cadet unit opens in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-opens-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 30 November 2016 at 05:29pm

21 young people from the Scarborough area have begun the first stages of their Volunteer Police Cadet career.

North Yorkshire Police’s first Scarborough Volunteer Police Cadet Unit opened last week, providing local youngsters with an opportunity to help their community, gain an insight into policing and learn valuable skills for life.

The scheme is being run in partnership with Yorkshire Coast College where cadet training sessions take place on weekday evenings during school term. The new cadets are set to learn about policing duties, policing skills and basic law, as well as taking part in physical activity and drill.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, who is also the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s lead for Citizens in Policing, said: “Following the success of our York unit, we have expanded our cadet programme to give young people in other areas of North Yorkshire the opportunity to experience the benefits of being a Volunteer Police Cadet.

“The aim of the scheme is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship, and increase self-esteem and confidence. But above all, we want our cadets to have fun. We have seen this in abundance in York and are now delighted to welcome our new recruits from the Scarborough area to North Yorkshire Police.

“I wish everyone the best of luck in their new adventure, and look forward to hearing about their achievements as they learn and develop over the coming months.”

Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, added: "The cadet scheme teaches young people really important life skills like discipline and responsibility, and I am really pleased to see the scheme now up and running in Scarborough.

"Being a cadet also provide an opportunity for children and young adults to learn good citizenship and community values, which, as well as helping young people, also stands Scarborough in good stead for the future.

"‎I wish all those taking part all the best in their new role, as well as thank them for playing their part in keeping North Yorkshire one of the safest places in England.”

In addition to their weekly training nights, cadets will be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

As part of the scheme, cadets will also have an opportunity to complete their Duke of Edinburgh Award – including expeditions. After three months of initial training, the cadets will be issued with their uniform and will take their oath at a passing out ceremony in front of their family and friends.

Posted on 30 November 2016 at 04:28pm in News stories
