```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-11T15:45:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-11T15:45:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Matthew Viner, 43, also voyeuristically filmed the woman on his mobile phone without her knowledge. Viner, of Silk Mill Drive, Cookridge, Leeds, was sentenced to 27 months in prison by a judge at York Crown Court today. The delivery driver, who has also recently lived in Kinnaird Road, Sheffield and Batley, initially appealed against his [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/Matthew-Viner-310776-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u201CUnremorseful\u201D stalker who filmed his victim is jailed - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/unremorseful-stalker-who-filmed-his-victim-is-jailed/
title: "\u201CUnremorseful\u201D stalker who filmed his victim is jailed"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/unremorseful-stalker-who-filmed-his-victim-is-jailed/
```

Last modified: 11 October 2019 at 04:45pm

A stalker who subjected his victim to months of harassment has been jailed.

Matthew Viner, 43, also voyeuristically filmed the woman on his mobile phone without her knowledge.

Viner, of Silk Mill Drive, Cookridge, Leeds, was sentenced to 27 months in prison by a judge at York Crown Court today.

The delivery driver, who has also recently lived in Kinnaird Road, Sheffield and Batley, initially appealed against his conviction for stalking and voyeurism during earlier court proceedings.

However, he withdrew the appeal shortly before today’s sentencing.

The offences related to between April and August 2017.

On jailing Viner, the judge also ordered that he signs the Sex Offenders' Register for ten years and granted a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order that North Yorkshire Police applied for to protect the public from the defendant.

After the hearing, PC Bailey Lane of York Investigation Hub said: “I would personally like to pay tribute to the resilience and immense strength of character shown by the victim of these offences.

“She has had to endure not only the offences themselves, but Viner’s refusal to plead guilty forced the victim to have to relive those events at court.

“A subsequent appeal was withdrawn at the last minute that would have required the victim to relive those events yet again. He has shown no remorse for his actions “

 * North Yorkshire Police has specially-trained officers who can help victims of stalking and harassment, and can also help you access other support services. If you believe you are a victim of stalking or harassment, or know someone who is, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. Find out more about the offences and what to do if you or someone you know is affected by visiting northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/personal-safety/stalking-and-harassment/

Posted on 11 October 2019 at 04:45pm in News stories
