```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-09-02T12:06:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police is urging people to have conversations about fraud and share their experiences to help reduce the numbers who fall victim every day. \u2018Say Something September\u2019 is an initiative aimed at both raising awareness of the most prevalent types of fraud and also encouraging anyone who thinks they may have been a victim [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "North Yorkshire encouraged to \u2018Say Something\u2019 about fraud this September - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-encouraged-to-say-something-about-fraud-this-september/
title: "North Yorkshire encouraged to \u2018Say Something\u2019 about fraud this September"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-encouraged-to-say-something-about-fraud-this-september/
```

Last modified: 2 September 2019 at 01:06pm

Initiative launched to increase fraud awareness and push reporting

North Yorkshire Police is urging people to have conversations about fraud and share their experiences to help reduce the numbers who fall victim every day.

‘Say Something September’ is an initiative aimed at both raising awareness of the most prevalent types of fraud and also encouraging anyone who thinks they may have been a victim of fraud to ensure it is reported to the police.

The latest statistics show an almost 250 per cent increase in the number of instances of fraud reported in North Yorkshire from 2018 to 2019 to date, showing how many people are affected but also that more people are reporting fraud than ever before.

North Yorkshire Police Community Support Officer, Jake Morris, wants to reduce the stigma associated with being a victim of fraud. He said:
“Many people are affected by fraud every single day and the types of fraud we are seeing change and develop all of the time.

“It’s so important that people talk about fraud, particularly their own experiences of it, so that they can help others be vigilant but also to show that being a victim of fraud is nothing to be ashamed of.

“Say Something September is an opportunity to raise awareness of the various ways that fraudsters target their victims and to encourage conversations about fraud. We’re particularly asking younger generations to speak to their more vulnerable family members about fraud and cybercrime, supporting them in being able to spot the signs and ensuring they don’t become victims.

“Whilst we have seen a sizeable increase in reports of fraud in North Yorkshire, this doesn’t necessarily mean a rise in incidents but does show more people are reporting it and being aware of the risks.

“Fraud is never the fault of the victim and we all have a role to play in looking out for each other, protecting both ourselves and the people around us.”

As part of the month-long initiative, North Yorkshire Police officers will be visiting community groups and organisations to help raise awareness of fraud and what to do if you think you have been a victim.

If you believe that you are the victim of fraud, you should contact Action Fraud.

You can report the incident using Action Fraud’s online fraud reporting tool anytime of the day or night, or call 0300 123 2040.

The exception to this is if:
A crime is in progress of about to be committed.
The suspect is known or can be easily identified.
The crime involves a vulnerable victim.

If this is the case you should contact police directly either by dialling 999 in an emergency, dialling 101 in non-emergency or visiting your local police station. For further information see actionfraud.police.uk
To pass information on anonymously you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org.

Posted on 2 September 2019 at 01:06pm in News stories
