```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-06T08:36:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-06T08:33:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Dozens of police officers and volunteers took part in a major clampdown on rural criminals last night.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/08/Safer-Countryside.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Nowhere to hide for cross-border criminals, as police forces unite in country\u2019s largest rural policing operation - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nowhere-hide-cross-border-criminals-police-forces-unite-countrys-largest-rural-policing-operation/
title: "Nowhere to hide for cross-border criminals, as police forces unite in country\u2019s largest rural policing operation"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/nowhere-hide-cross-border-criminals-police-forces-unite-countrys-largest-rural-policing-operation/
```

Last modified: 6 October 2016 at 08:36am

Dozens of police officers and volunteers took part in a major clampdown on rural criminals last night.

Operation Checkpoint is the largest rural policing operation of its kind in the country, and saw Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Lancashire, North Yorkshire and Northumbria join forces to target cross-border criminals.

Running from 3pm yesterday to 3am today, the six forces co-ordinated intelligence-led deployments, static vehicle checkpoints and proactive visits to vulnerable premises.

Intelligence shows that organised crime groups from across the north of England are involved in thefts, burglaries, and handling stolen property, targeting rural areas in particular. These criminals use their extensive knowledge of the road networks across the region in an attempt to avoid detection.

Checkpoint targets, disrupts and deters vehicles suspected of being linked to criminality by deploying officers and volunteers with expert knowledge of their local area, crime patterns, intelligence and road network, and using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology.

In North Yorkshire, the force’s Rural Taskforce worked alongside Watch volunteers, local officers, and specialist units including the Dog Section, Neighbourhood Support Teams from Hambleton and Scarborough, Northern Road Crime Team and Roads Policing Group. Staff from the York-based ANPR Hub were also on-hand to provide real-time information and intelligence about suspicious vehicles.
Last night’s operation was the eleventh time Checkpoint has been run. It was co-ordinated by North Yorkshire Police, the NPCC’s lead for Rural Crime.

The operation saw 229 vehicles stopped for checks across the Cleveland, Cumbria, Durham, Lancashire, North Yorkshire and Northumbria areas. 61 vehicle and person searches were carried out, resulting in a number of vehicle seizures, fixed penalty notices and arrests.

In North Yorkshire, three fixed penalty notices were issued for no insurance, no MOT and contravening a double white line, and one untaxed vehicle was seized. Officers were supported by 48 Watch volunteers from across Hambleton and Richmondshire who joined the operation, including Richmondshire Borderwatch, Hawes Daleswatch, Stokesley Watch, Thirsk Valewatch, Easingwold Watch, Bedale Watch and Girsby Watch.

Sergeant Stuart Grainger, of Leyburn and the Dales Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “I’d like to pay tribute to our Watch volunteer teams who joined us last night – and regularly turn out throughout the year, week after week, in their own time, to support our local officers and help them patrol our rural area.

“They are a fantastic asset and a pleasure to work with. They help us get great results, and they really do help to keep crime low in their own communities.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Acting Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver said: “We know that some criminals are willing to travel many miles to come to rural areas, using the road network to commit crime and prey on remote communities. This criminality doesn’t stop at force borders, and neither should we. By working very closely with colleagues across the region, we can clamp down on criminals wherever they are from, and wherever they are going.

“Operation Checkpoint sends a very clear message to those criminals – if you come to our area to commit crime, we will find you and stop you. Last night’s operation was the eleventh of its kind, and I am pleased that Checkpoint continues to go from strength to strength.

“In North Yorkshire, the operation is testament to our ongoing commitment to protecting rural communities, deploying specialist resources such as our Road Crime Team and Rural Taskforce to ensure that the county remains a no-go area for cross-border criminals. We are also very grateful for the support of our volunteer Watch schemes, who provide invaluable support in the fight against rural crime.”

Posted on 6 October 2016 at 08:33am in News stories
