```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-23T13:47:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-23T12:09:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Land Rover Discovery was taken in the early hours of 23 May 2019, from a property in Eastby, Skipton. Fortunately, the owner had installed a tracker in the vehicle, and, when he reported the theft to North Yorkshire Police at 9am today, he was able to provide an area near Sowerby Bridge where the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09/Land-Rover-security-advice-page-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vehicle tracker proves its worth as stolen Land Rover recovered by police in 90 minutes - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vehicle-tracker-proves-its-worth-as-stolen-land-rover-recovered-by-police-in-90-minutes/
title: Vehicle tracker proves its worth as stolen Land Rover recovered by police in 90 minutes
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vehicle-tracker-proves-its-worth-as-stolen-land-rover-recovered-by-police-in-90-minutes/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2019 at 02:47pm

The value of equipping valuable vehicles with trackers has been proven once again – after a stolen Land Rover was recovered by police.

A Land Rover Discovery was taken in the early hours of 23 May 2019, from a property in Eastby, Skipton.

Fortunately, the owner had installed a tracker in the vehicle, and, when he reported the theft to North Yorkshire Police at 9am today, he was able to provide an area near Sowerby Bridge where the vehicle had been abandoned.

Officers contacted colleagues at West Yorkshire Police, who located the vehicle at 10.30am, and recovered it to a secure location for forensic examination. It will then be returned to its rightful owner.

Owners of Land Rovers in North Yorkshire – particularly those living in rural areas – are being asked to follow this crime prevention advice:

◾Fit a vehicle tracking system

◾Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible

◾Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not

◾Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser

◾Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home

◾Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it

◾Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number

PCSO Sally Breen, from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “It’s important that anyone who owns a Land Rover – particularly if it’s parked in an unpopulated or rural area – to take extra steps to ensure it is left safe and secure.

“It’s much better to spend a bit of time and money now on improving your security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of losing your vehicle to thieves.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity around parked vehicles, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action.”

Sergeant Paul Cording, of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, added: “I can't tell you enough about the benefits of protecting your vehicles with a tracking device. It gives you - and us - a much better chance of recovering your property should you become the victim of a theft.”

Posted on 23 May 2019 at 01:09pm in News stories
