```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-11-23T11:35:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is looking for people who want to deliver an exemplary service to the community, partners and colleagues in their recruitment campaign for Police Officers. If you think you have the skills and passion required to provide an excellent customer service every day and a true sense of purpose to keep people safe [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "One week left to apply to become North Yorkshire Police\u2019s latest recruit - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/one-week-left-apply-become-north-yorkshire-polices-latest-recruit/
title: "One week left to apply to become North Yorkshire Police\u2019s latest recruit"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/one-week-left-apply-become-north-yorkshire-polices-latest-recruit/
```

Last modified: 23 November 2017 at 11:35am

There is just one week left to apply to join North Yorkshire Police as a Police Officer before the recruitment window closes at midday on Thursday 30 November

North Yorkshire Police is looking for people who want to deliver an exemplary service to the community, partners and colleagues in their recruitment campaign for Police Officers.

If you think you have the skills and passion required to provide an excellent customer service every day and a true sense of purpose to keep people safe and make them feel safe then North Yorkshire Police wants to hear from you. Watch this short film here to find out more.

With its diverse geography, and breadth of policing challenges, this is the first time that members of the public have had the opportunity to apply for the role of Police Officer in North Yorkshire since April 2016.

The force welcomes applications from individuals from all backgrounds who can demonstrate how they inspire and influence those around them; are courageous and show compassion to others, who respect race and diversity and treat people with dignity and respect at all times.

As a North Yorkshire Police Officer, the successful candidate’s job will be to protect the public and keep them safe, provide a reassuring presence in the community, support victims of crime and investigate complex cases.

In return for their hard work they will have a rewarding job where no two days are ever the same; be constantly challenged and always learning and have continual opportunities for advancement throughout their career.

Starting with an attractive salary of £19,773 in addition to extra for shift allowance, officers can expect their salary to rise up to £38,000 over the course of their career if they spend it as a Police Officer.

Others may opt to transfer into more specialist areas of work once they’ve passed their probation including roles within Roads Policing, Dogs section, Firearms Unit, Fraud Investigation, Serious Crime Team or Counter Terrorism units or consider promotion into management positions.

Commenting on the recent recruitment drive announcement, Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“This is an exciting opportunity for anyone considering a career in policing to join our team.

“We’re hoping that we will attract some brilliant new talent from a range of backgrounds to bring new skills and experiences to our force and help in our ambitions to further represent the diverse communities that we serve.”

“Whether you are just starting out in your career or are a more experienced and mature individual looking for your next challenge we want to hear from you.

“We particularly encourage anyone from diverse communities who have considered a career in policing to submit an application form or speak to one of our Positive Action Coordinators.”

Detective Constable Mo Mohammed, North Yorkshire Police’s Positive Action Coordinator said:

“The role of the Police Officer is one of the most important parts of the policing family. It is a challenging but extremely rewarding role which offers long-term career opportunities.

“Having worked for North Yorkshire Police for almost thirty years I would say to anyone thinking of considering a career in policing to go for it.”

“If you are unsure if the role is for you, have questions on eligibility, vetting, or just need more guidance on how you can improve your application then please contact one our Positive Action Coordinators at positiveaction@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.”

North Yorkshire Police’s latest recruitment drive to become a Police Officer closes at 12pm on Thursday 30 November 2017. For more information and to apply visit northyorkshire.police.uk/policeofficer

Posted on 23 November 2017 at 11:35am in News stories
