```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-29T09:52:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On Monday 27 January between 9.15am and 4.45pm, three burglaries took place in Tosside and Eldroth. A property on Longtons Lane, Tosside was entered by the offender (s) by smashing a rear window pane. The incident took place between 11.10am and 4.45pm and it is believed that no items were taken. Some time between 12.30pm [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglaries in Tosside and Eldroth - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-tosside-and-eldroth/
title: Appeal following burglaries in Tosside and Eldroth
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-tosside-and-eldroth/
```

Last modified: 29 January 2020 at 09:52am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about three burglaries that occurred on the same day near Skipton.

On Monday 27 January between 9.15am and 4.45pm, three burglaries took place in Tosside and Eldroth.

A property on Longtons Lane, Tosside was entered by the offender (s) by smashing a rear window pane. The incident took place between 11.10am and 4.45pm and it is believed that no items were taken.

Some time between 12.30pm and 3.30pm a property on Eldroth Road, Austwick was burgled and items of jewellery had been taken.

The third burglary took place at a property in Tosside between 9.15am and 3.45pm where items of jewellery and an amount of cash were taken.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspicious vehicles that were seen in the areas around the times of the incidents.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sharon Leverton You can also email Sharon.leverton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200015439 when passing on any information.

Date28/01/2020

Contact details:
 Sharon Leverton \- #0547
Sharon.Leverton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 30547
Incident reference:
 12200015439
Posted on 29 January 2020 at 09:52am in Local appeals
