```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:48:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-01T14:48:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On 1 October 2015 between 3pm and 4pm, hours a woman was walking on her own in the Pinewoods woodland area near to Crag Lane, in Harrogate. She was taking photos on her mobile phone and took the last one at 3.27pm.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following flasher incident in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-flasher-incident-harrogate/
title: Appeal for witnesses following flasher incident in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-flasher-incident-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:48pm

On 1 October 2015 between 3pm and 4pm, hours a woman was walking on her own in the Pinewoods woodland area near to Crag Lane, in Harrogate. She was taking photos on her mobile phone and took the last one at 3.27pm.

The woman put her phone away and heard someone walking behind her. The woman turned around and saw a man walking about 20-30 feet behind her, so she carried on walking and a short time later turned around again.

The same man was behind her, and he had removed his coat and trousers and pulled his vest over his head and was masturbating whilst watching her.

The woman called police and walked away, she turned back whilst on the phone when she reached the bottom of an embankment and the man was still there, but he was fully clothed pacing backwards and forwards.

The man is described as white, aged late 30's, about 6ft tall and of average build. He was wearing a dark baseball cap, a blue waist length duffle coat zipped halfway up, plain white vest underneath the coat with casual light blue or grey knee length shorts.

Police are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen a man of the description to come forward. In particular, police would like to speak to an elderly man walking his dog and two elderly women who walked past the victim shortly before the time of the incident.

They were walking in the opposite direction to her so could have potentially seen the suspect.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to PC Dominic Holroyd or emaildominic.holroyd@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150173677 when passing on information about the incident.

Posted on 1 October 2015 at 02:48pm in News stories
