```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T10:49:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-15T10:43:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Four burglaries are reported to have taken place during the early hours of Saturday 13 June with offenders gaining entry to two garages and two sheds before leaving with items from inside. They are believed to have occurred between 1am and 3.30am. The first burglary was reported as taking place on Main Street, Little Smeaton [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/IMG_0662-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Hot tub and little girl\u2019s pink quad bike among items stolen in Smeaton burglaries - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hot-tub-and-little-girls-pink-quad-bike-amongst-items-stolen-in-smeaton-burglaries/
title: "Hot tub and little girl\u2019s pink quad bike among items stolen in Smeaton burglaries"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hot-tub-and-little-girls-pink-quad-bike-amongst-items-stolen-in-smeaton-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 11:49am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a spate of burglaries in the Smeaton area over the weekend.

Four burglaries are reported to have taken place during the early hours of Saturday 13 June with offenders gaining entry to two garages and two sheds before leaving with items from inside. They are believed to have occurred between 1am and 3.30am.

The first burglary was reported as taking place on Main Street, Little Smeaton when a homeowner woke up to find that unknown offenders had stolen a Lay-Z Spa Paris hot tub from their garden (pictured) after gaining entry to the garage to unplug it before emptying it of water.

In the second burglary, another garage was entered at a home on Water Lane, Kirk Smeaton and a little girl’s distinctive pink quad bike (pictured) was stolen.

In the third and fourth burglaries, two sheds were also entered at addresses on Hodge Lane and Water Lane, in Kirk Smeaton and two drills were stolen from one of the sheds. Nothing was stolen from the second shed.

Anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in the area or has information, including any CCTV or dash-cam footage, is asked to call 101 quoting the below incident numbers. Alternatively, please email Anthony.Morton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk and David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

 * Little Smeaton: stolen hot tub incident - 12200099401
 * Water Lane, Kirk Smeaton: pink quad bike incident - 12200099448
 * Water Lane, Kirk Smeaton: shed broken into, nothing stolen 12200100387
 * Hodge Lane, Kirk Smeaton: 2 drills stolen from a shed- 12200099402

Officers would also like to hear from anyone who has seen or is offered any of the items for sale under suspicious circumstances.

Most reported burglaries are found to be opportunistic and we would like to remind residents to check that their properties are secure and to report any suspicious activity or noises by calling 101 or 999 if an incident is in progress.

Information about protecting your property can be found at northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity

Posted on 15 June 2020 at 11:43am in Burglary, News stories
