```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T08:50:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-10T08:39:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent assault that occurred in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Scarborough assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-scarborough-assault/
title: Appeal following Scarborough assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-scarborough-assault/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 08:50am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a violent assault that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened on Albermarle Crescent in Scarborough at approximately 2200 - 2230hrs on the 3rd of August 2015 and involved an assault on a 32 year old man. The male has suffered serious wounds to his face which required stiches following the assault.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the assault which took place and the male suspect behind the attack.

This male is described as around 25 years old, approx 5ft 6in tall with sort dark hair. He is described as wearing a pair of faded blue jeans and a black t- shirt with horizontal coloured strips and was last seen running down Albermarle Crescent towards Aberdeen Walk following the attack.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Phil Giblin. You can also email philip.giblin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150134338.

10 August 2015

Posted on 10 August 2015 at 08:39am in News stories
