```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-07T13:52:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-07T13:52:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened near The Dales Bike Centre near Fremington, Richmond, during the Ard Rock mountain bike event at around 7.30pm on Friday 3 August. A competitor from the Ard Rock bike race had left his bright yellow 2015 Orbea Rallon leaning against the bike centre whilst on the phone. A man described as medium build, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/STOCK-IMAGE-OF-ORBEA-RALLON-2015.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft of mountain bike - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-mountain-bike/
title: Appeal following theft of mountain bike
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-of-mountain-bike/
```

Last modified: 7 August 2018 at 02:52pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a mountain bike that occurred in Fremington, Richmond.

It happened near The Dales Bike Centre near Fremington, Richmond, during the Ard Rock mountain bike event at around 7.30pm on Friday 3 August.

A competitor from the Ard Rock bike race had left his bright yellow 2015 Orbea Rallon leaning against the bike centre whilst on the phone.

A man described as medium build, around 5ft 10ins tall with wavy ginger hair wearing a peak cap and mountain biking gear got on to the bike and rode off towards Reeth. A number of competitors and the victim have tried to give chase but the offender has made good his escape.

It is possible a vehicle was waiting nearby.

The bike is very distinctive and rare. It has been customised and now has red anodised lowest gear on the back end & Fox 34 forks. It also has a red chain tensioner at the bottom of the front chain ring and a red chain guide above the front chain ring.

It is worth around £2000.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may have had a Go-Pro or Dash camera on at the time and has noticed anything suspicious in the area or that may have been offered the bike at the event.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact PC 1255 Jack Dodsworth at North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jack Dodsworth. You can also email Jack.Dodsworth1255@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180143112.

Contact details:
 Jack Dodsworth \- #1255
jack.dodsworth1255@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31255
Incident reference:
 12180143112
Posted on 7 August 2018 at 02:52pm in Local appeals
