```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-30T12:22:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-30T11:56:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: There&#039;s a new Bobby on the beat - at a North Yorkshire primary school!
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Tractor-visits-school.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police tractor Bobby is an arresting sight in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-tractor-bobby-arresting-sight-skipton/
title: Police tractor Bobby is an arresting sight in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-tractor-bobby-arresting-sight-skipton/
```

Last modified: 30 June 2017 at 01:22pm

There's a new Bobby on the beat - at a North Yorkshire primary school!

Emily Woodyatt, aged 8, of Carleton Primary School in Skipton, was one of dozens of youngsters from across North Yorkshire who entered a competition to name the new police tractor.

Her winning name, ‘Bobby’ - and the tractor itself - was officially unveiled at Newby Hall Tractor Fest over the weekend of 10 and 11 June.

Today, Thursday 29 June, Bobby - and North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, alongside Stray FM - paid a visit to the school as part of Emily's prize.

The tractor has been loaned to North Yorkshire Police by Ripon Farm Services, to help increase police engagement with rural communities.

Last year a (different) police tractor toured North Yorkshire community events and shows, and was extremely popular. This year, the Rural Taskforce tractor is even bigger, and is due to attend even more events.

Bobby's next 'beat' is the Great Yorkshire Show in Harrogate from 11 to 13 July.

The tractor will then appear at more than a dozen different countryside events throughout the summer, including:

 * Richmondshire Emergency Services Open Day – 15 July
 * Aldborough and Boroughbridge Show – 23 July
 * Ryedale Show – 25 July
 * Birsthwith Show – 29 July
 * Tockwith Show – 6 August
 * Thornton-le-Dale Show – 9 August
 * Ripley Show – 13 August
 * Egton Show – 23 August
 * Wensleydale Show – 26 August
 * Kilnsey Show – 29 August
 * Stokesley Show – 23 September
 * Nidderdale Show – 25 September

Visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/tractor for an up-to-date list.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Well done to Emily for picking the winning name of our brand new police tractor, which has been kindly loaned to us by Ripon Farm Services and decked out in authentic police colours.

“We had a great response from the public at Tractor Fest, and our tractor will be at shows and events around North Yorkshire this summer. We’re interested in speaking to people who live and work within the rural community of North Yorkshire, finding out what matters to them, and the issues they face.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. You can meet members of the Taskforce (and Bobby!) at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

Posted on 30 June 2017 at 12:56pm in News stories
