```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-11-10T09:33:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Dressed in my uniform and ready for the next legislation training, I\u2019m really going to have to get used to wearing this uniform! This week\u2019s session was one I was really looking forward to, and it certainly didn&#8217;t disappoint. We had the pleasure of meeting TC Ken Riley this week, who works as a road [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Pinki&#039;s special blog #5 - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-5/
title: 'Pinki''s special blog #5'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-5/
```

Last modified: 10 November 2016 at 09:33am

Welcome to the latest blog from trainee Special Constable Pinki Bilkhu, follow her progress as she goes through intensive training to become a special.

Dressed in my uniform and ready for the next legislation training, I’m really going to have to get used to wearing this uniform! This week’s session was one I was really looking forward to, and it certainly didn't disappoint.

We had the pleasure of meeting TC Ken Riley this week, who works as a road traffic officer and was taking this week’s training session. Ken has a great sense of humour and it was obvious from the start that he was very passionate about both his job and cars! Ken covered several topics of interest including basic offences, how to safely stop a vehicle, conducting a road-side breath test and FIT testing – which is testing for drugs. The training was stimulating and it was really interesting to hear about Ken’s own experiences on the job, it gave us a real insight to what his job involves and key skills needed to effectively deal with situations that may occur.

Ken brought along a new addition to the group this week, a plastic pig called ‘the pig of justice’ Yes that’s correct…..a plastic pig! Long story short, Ken used the pig as a training aid which made for a very different, but highly enjoyable training session!

Towards the end, we all got the opportunity to partake and experience a series of FIT tests which are conducted at the side of the road for drivers who are suspected to be under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol. This was an entertaining experience, but more importantly, it gave us an insight into what the tests consist off.
Being able to hear from a serving officer was both helpful and informative giving us a real insight into the true experiences of a traffic officer, believe it or not, there’s a lot more to it than just high-speed car chases!

Posted on 10 November 2016 at 09:33am in News stories
