```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-28T16:13:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between 4 and 23 July 2017, a number of homes were broken into in Bedale , Leyburn, Scotton, Barton, Gilling West and Ellerton. Most of the burglaries happened during daylight hours when the house holders were out or away. In the majority of cases, the thieves stole jewellery worth thousands of pounds. Inspector Mark Gee, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge vigilance following spate of burglaries in Bedale and Richmondshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-vigilance-following-spate-burglaries-bedale-richmondshire/
title: Police urge vigilance following spate of burglaries in Bedale and Richmondshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-vigilance-following-spate-burglaries-bedale-richmondshire/
```

Last modified: 28 July 2017 at 05:13pm

Police are asking residents to be vigilant following a spate of burglaries in the Richmondshire and Bedale areas.

Between 4 and 23 July 2017, a number of homes were broken into in Bedale , Leyburn, Scotton, Barton, Gilling West and Ellerton.

Most of the burglaries happened during daylight hours when the house holders were out or away. In the majority of cases, the thieves stole jewellery worth thousands of pounds.

Inspector Mark Gee, of Richmondshire Police, is urging residents to keep a look out for suspicious activity, particularly at this time of the year when people are going on holiday. He said: “It’s crucial that neighbours talk to each other and look out for each other’s properties if people are away. Anyone who notices suspicious behaviour should report this to us straight away. Even things such as the sound of smashing of glass, as this could be suspicious.

“Some of the stolen jewellery is of high monetary value, and sadly some of it has great sentimental value, which has added to the victims’ distress.

“Please be vigilant, report cold callers, suspicious people, vehicles or behaviour, and keep an eye on each other’s homes. If you’re working or relaxing in your garden, make sure the front of your house is secure.”

Anyone who has any information about the burglaries is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Alan Fenney or email alan.fenney@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170129709 when passing on information.

Posted on 28 July 2017 at 05:13pm in News stories
