```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-25T16:04:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-25T16:04:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has been arrested after being pursued by police through the Yorkshire Dales on a stolen quad bike.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dales quad bike theft suspect located by police dog and arrested - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dales-quad-bike-theft-suspect-located-police-dog-arrested/
title: Dales quad bike theft suspect located by police dog and arrested
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dales-quad-bike-theft-suspect-located-police-dog-arrested/
```

Last modified: 25 July 2017 at 05:04pm

A man has been arrested after being pursued by police through the Yorkshire Dales on a stolen quad bike.

At about 2am on Tuesday 25 July, an officer from North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce on patrol in the Coniston Cold area, near Skipton, spotted a quad bike being driven in suspicious circumstances.

It failed to stop, and was pursued by Roads Policing Group officers along the A629 and surrounding roads, and eventually into Silsden, West Yorkshire.

The vehicle was abandoned in a housing estate, and the driver ran from the scene. Officers deployed to contain the immediate area, and a police dog located a man hiding between some bins nearby.

A 20-year-old man from Bradford was arrested on suspicion of burglary, dangerous driving and failing to stop. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The quad bike was recovered by police, and will be forensically examined. It had been stolen from a garage in a remote, rural area near Austwick.

North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce have been raising awareness of the importance of quad bike security in recent months, particularly in the Craven area.

PCSO Sally Breen, from the Taskforce, said: “North Yorkshire is a very safe place, but unfortunately we know that criminals travel into our county targeting isolated areas. High-profile operations and ongoing work by the Rural Taskforce is helping make Craven a no-go area for cross-border criminals – but we need residents’ assistance to make it even safer.

“I am urging anyone who owns a Land Rover or a quad bike – and particularly if they live in a rural area – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure. It’s much better to spend a bit of time and money now on better security than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears in rural areas, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action.”

Owners of quad bikes and Land Rovers are being asked to follow this crime prevention advice:

 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not
 * Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it
 * Consider fitting a transponder-based security marking system and tracker device
 * Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number

If you are aware of any suspicious activity, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Posted on 25 July 2017 at 05:04pm in News stories
