```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:40:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-25T14:36:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Supporting the families of murder victims, saving a woman from suicide and encouraging hundreds of youngsters towards a positive lifestyle - those were just a few of the stories from North Yorkshire Police&#039;s first Annual Awards ceremony, which was held at the Hospitium in York on Friday (23 October).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/SPT_8207-300x169.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Winners announced at the first North Yorkshire Police Annual Awards ceremony - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-announced-first-north-yorkshire-police-annual-awards-ceremony/
title: Winners announced at the first North Yorkshire Police Annual Awards ceremony
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winners-announced-first-north-yorkshire-police-annual-awards-ceremony/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:40pm

Supporting the families of murder victims, saving a woman from suicide and encouraging hundreds of youngsters towards a positive lifestyle - those were just a few of the stories from North Yorkshire Police's first Annual Awards ceremony, which was held at the Hospitium in York on Friday (23 October).

The Annual Awards event, which was attended by winners, their families and senior officers, was designed to recognise the achievements of officers and staff who embody the Force's values of courage, compassion and inspiration. It is the first such event to be held by North Yorkshire Police.

The officers, staff and volunteers who received awards included:

 * PC Mark Reed (Richmond) who was awarded the gold Courage Award for saving a knife-wielding woman from suicide.
 * PC Richard Baranovsky (Harrogate) who was awarded the silver Courage Award for chasing down a town-centre knifeman who had just committed a stabbing.
 * Staff Resource Management Unit Manager Antony Byrne (York) who was awarded the bronze Courage Award responded to cries for help to play a key part in a York river rescue while off duty.
 * DC Jeremy Pratt (Scarborough) who was awarded the gold Compassion Award for his work supporting victims' families in complex murder cases.
 * PSCO Jason Lloyd (Northallerton) who was awarded the silver Compassion Award for his work to build relationships between the police and people with learning difficulties.
 * The Serious Crime team (York) who were awarded the bronze Compassion Award for their professionalism and sensitivity in dealing with abused children.
 * PC Suzanne Asquith (York) who was awarded the gold Inspiration Award for defying serious illness to launch community projects involving hundreds of young people.
 * Sergeant Edward Simpson (Harrogate) who was awarded the silver Inspiration Award for championing the mental well-being of officers and staff in emergency services. Sgt Simpson also received the Public Choice Award, polling more than 1,000 votes from members of the public.
 * PC Peter Henderson (Thirsk) who was awarded the bronze Inspiration Award for his record number of arrests in his local community.
 * PC John Wilbor (Richmond) who was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for a Police Officer, for his work to combat wildlife crime and tackle rural crime issues.
 * Police HQ caretaker Kenneth Richardson, who was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for Police Staff, for his support to the police over 37 years.
 * SC Raffi Aghanian (Scarborough), who was awarded the Glenn Goodman trophy for an outstanding Special Constable. This award - one of North Yorkshire Police's premier honours - is given in memory of SC Glenn Goodman, who was tragically shot dead by an IRA gunman whilst on duty in Tadcaster in 1992.

Speaking at the ceremony, Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Dave Jones, said:

"I am extremely proud of everyone who won an award at this year's event. Police officers and staff are modest people, so events like the Annual Awards ceremony are an important reminder of the outstanding things that North Yorkshire Police people do day-to-day. We had more than 100 nominations for these awards, and deciding on the winners was a tough task - as well as being one of the best jobs you can do as Chief Constable. There are many depressing headlines about policing at the moment, with budget cuts looming large, but our Award winners are a timely reminder that behind all the headlines we have incredibly dedicated people who just get on with the job, looking after communities, and achieving outstanding results."

Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, said:

"These are challenging times for the police, so it is especially important that we recognise the people who go the extra mile to make North Yorkshire a safer place. I was delighted to co-host the Annual Awards - it is a celebration of policing at its best."

North Yorkshire Police gratefully acknowledges the support of its sponsors for this event, who included: CGA Accountants, the Police Federation, the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire, DELL, NARPO, UNISON and Fight Fit Combat Fitness.

Posted on 25 October 2015 at 02:36pm in News stories
