```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T15:03:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-29T11:22:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Crosshills.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following unprovoked assault in Crosshills - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unprovoked-assault-crosshills/
title: Appeal following unprovoked assault in Crosshills
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-unprovoked-assault-crosshills/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 03:03pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Crosshills.

The incident happened on Main Street Crosshills at around twenty past midnight on Sunday 218 February 2016 and involved a man being punched in the face causing a laceration and swelling injuries requiring hospital treatment.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information to identify the suspect who may have been in the public houses in the area prior to this incident.

The suspect is believed to be a white man, 30 to 35yrs of age, approximately 6ft tall and of stocky build. He has a fully shaven head and a full dark beard, he was wearing a white shirt and dark trousers.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Neal Mackleston. You can also email Neal.mackleston@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160035182.

Date [29th February 2016] Posted on 29 February 2016 at 11:22am in News stories
