```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-10T15:49:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-10T15:46:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Special Sergeant Debbie Wood has joined police colleagues around the country to record a charity police single in aid of Care of Police Survivors (COPS). The single called The Thin Blue Line, has been released today (Monday 10 April 2017) with lyrics penned by the sons of a Northumbria Police Officer. Last year PC Peter [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/04/Debbie-Wood-studio-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Skipton special constable sings on police charity single - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-special-constable-sings-police-charity-single/
title: Skipton special constable sings on police charity single
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-special-constable-sings-police-charity-single/
```

Last modified: 10 April 2017 at 03:49pm

A singing Special Constable from Skipton is helping to raise funds for a national police charity.

Special Sergeant Debbie Wood has joined police colleagues around the country to record a charity police single in aid of Care of Police Survivors (COPS).

The single called The Thin Blue Line, has been released today (Monday 10 April 2017) with lyrics penned by the sons of a Northumbria Police Officer.

Last year PC Peter Baker's boys - aged 11 and 13 - wrote a song about what police do and how officers across the country work together. Their aim was to have a member of every police force in England, Wales and Scotland represented on the song.

On their behalf PC Baker, who is based at Washington Police Station, contacted every force across the country asking them to get involved and he was not disappointed.

Now, following the help of Superintendent Elliott Foskett from Northamptonshire Police who created and edited the track, it will be uploaded to iTunes today with Special Sergeant Debbie Wood representing North Yorkshire Police.

S/Sergeant Wood said: "I saw the appeal for singers on Facebook and although I haven't sung for several years, I wanted to give it a go and support PC Baker and his son's very worthwhile cause."

COPS is a charity that helps families of police officers who have died in the line of duty and the release of the single coincides with the funeral of PC Keith Palmer who sadly lost his life in the tragic attacks at Westminster.

The proceeds of the all sales of the track will go to COPS.

PC Baker said: "My son's are aware of the job I do and had the idea they wanted to write a song to show how police work together to protect the public, not just here in Northumbria but across the country.

"Once we had the lyrics I decided to contact other forces across the country and was amazed at the response I got, it has been fantastic and am pleased that we're now in a position to release the single.

"The charity we chose was COPS which is a charity that helps families of police officers who have died in the line of duty, obviously this is a charity very close the hearts of everyone in the police family not least following the horrific attack in Westminster where PC Keith Palmer sadly lost his life and along with myself, a lot of officers will be standing together with our colleagues across the country to mark our respects."

Posted on 10 April 2017 at 03:46pm in News stories
