```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-17T09:41:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T09:36:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in North Yorkshire are supporting a nationwide clampdown on knife crime this week.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/shutterstock_84403531-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police support national campaign to highlight knife crime danger - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-support-national-campaign-highlight-knife-crime-danger/
title: Police support national campaign to highlight knife crime danger
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-support-national-campaign-highlight-knife-crime-danger/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2016 at 09:41am

Police in North Yorkshire are supporting a nationwide clampdown on knife crime this week.

North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in England, and levels of knife crime in particular are very low, but officers hope the campaign will further highlight the danger of carrying knives.

Operation Sceptre is a co-ordinated week of action, taking place across the country from today. Locally, North Yorkshire Police will distribute posters to retailers who sell knives, provide collection bins to give people an opportunity to dispose of knives and blades, and raise awareness of the dangers of knife crime on social media.

The posters, for display in shops, highlight that knives will not be sold to anyone under 18, and that responsible retailers will ask anyone under 25 to show proof of age.

Knife collection bins will be placed in Harrogate, Northallerton, Scarborough and York (Fulford Road) police stations from Tuesday (18 October) and Selby and Skipton from Wednesday (19 October) through to Sunday. People are asked to carry knives to the collection points wrapped in cardboard or thick paper for safety reasons.

Online, the force will publicise hard-hitting messages using the #StopKnifeCrime hashtag.

Chief Inspector Fiona Willey, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “Although North Yorkshire is a very safe place, and levels of knife crime are very low, we are not complacent. There is no place for knife crime within society, and these operations will continue throughout the year.

“Operation Sceptre is a good example of a number of forces coming together to share good practice, using an intelligence-led and co-ordinated approach to tackle knife crime and violence.

“We ask anyone with information on knife crime in their local community to contact us on 101, or pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.”

Earlier this year more than 200 knives and blades collected by police officers were taken from North Yorkshire Police by the British Ironwork Centre for secure disposal, as part of the ‘Safe A Life, Surrender Your Knife’ campaign. Some blades, carefully selected to ensure they have not been used in any crime, will form part of a ‘knife angel’ sculpture to act as a monument against violence and aggression.

Posted on 17 October 2016 at 09:36am in News stories
