```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-05-03T10:44:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-26T13:06:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "She worked in Harrogate for a period of time before moving to Craven as the Safer Neighbourhood Inspector in June 2019. Her team are on hand 365 days a year to\_support the local community and tackle crime and anti-social behaviour.\_As the days are getting longer and the nights are getting lighter, here she provides an [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/08/Lorraine-Crossman-Smith.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Lorraine Crossman-Smith: quarterly update on local policing in Craven - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-lorraine-crossman-smith-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-craven/
title: 'Inspector Lorraine Crossman-Smith: quarterly update on local policing in Craven'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-lorraine-crossman-smith-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-craven/
```

Last modified: 3 May 2019 at 11:44am

Lorraine began her policing career in 2003 with Greater Manchester Police and worked in various roles before moving to North Yorkshire in 2017.

She worked in Harrogate for a period of time before moving to Craven as the Safer Neighbourhood Inspector in June 2019. Her team are on hand 365 days a year to support the local community and tackle crime and anti-social behaviour. As the days are getting longer and the nights are getting lighter, here she provides an update on local policing activities in the area…

**Rural Crimes**

Thefts from farms and agricultural business are a key priority for our team in 2019. With support from our Rural Task Force we have been busy offering personal visits to all the farms and rural business premises in the district to assist owners and managers to understand and assess their risks. Quad Bike thefts are disappointingly far too common currently with no part of our district immune and we are running Operation Light to tackle this. It is so important to ensure that all farms are able to mitigate against the risks of theft whether this is of machinery or livestock and our Task Force have officers trained to understand those specific challenges that farming business have. Excitingly, Wednesday 1 May will see the launch of our first Rural Watch Scheme in Grassington, patrolling with volunteers from our rural communities which we will look to develop and expand to other areas going forwards.

**Crimes against businesses**

In challenging economic times businesses can ill afford unexpected costs and we are working hard with our partnerships at the Skipton Business Improvement District to keep the District Working. Our team in Skipton have always had a great relationship with the Town Council and the Business Crime Reduction Partnership. Recent improvements in the structure of the Partnership has allowed the group to develop more opportunities to share valuable information and intelligence not only within the confines of Skipton but across to other partnerships. The shops have radios to ensure real-time sharing of information which is supported by officers and we have a great record for responding to ‘crimes in action’. For more information on how you and your business can become involved contact the Skipton Business Improvement office.

**Community groups and schemes**

Craven has several active Neighbourhood Watch Groups, Broughton Road Community Group, Business and Shop Watches along with an initiative called STAND which is a licensing Forum which we are proud to be part of. In fact, our local policing team are very active with our community. We regularly attend community groups and drop in surgeries in the area and we work alongside partner agencies such as North Yorkshire Council in public venues to communicate with the public. Through our involvement in these groups we have seen some real success earlier this year within the Broughton Road community reducing crime, specifically burglary following a spate and of course the fear of crime.

**Looking forward**

Over the next couple of months we will be making changes within our Community Safety Hub, , which has staff from both the police and Craven District Council collated and was developed to ensure agencies and organisations within Craven work effectively in partnership to make our Craven Communities safer. We are also involved in a trial with the Fire Service to support residents as part of Safe and Well visit, identifying vulnerability and looking to reduce the likelihood they become victims in the future focusing more heavily on prevention.

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website northyorkshire.police.uk.

To find out about our local initiatives in Craven you can follow:

Facebook: Skipton Neighbourhood Team

Twitter: Craven CountryWatch

**Opening hours**

The opening hours for each of our police stations in Craven have remain the same and are listed below:

 * Crosshills Police Station
 * Colne Road, Glusburn, Nr. Keighley, West Yorkshire BD20 8PL | Telephone: 101
 * Grassington Police Station
 * The Police Station, Wood Lane, Grassington, North Yorkshire, BD23 5LU | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Mon-Fri — Appointment only
 * Ingleton Police Station
 * Backgate, Ingleton, Nr Carnforth, Lancashire LA6 3BT | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Mon - Fri — Appointment only
 * Settle Police Station
 * Duke Street, Settle, Skipton North Yorkshire BD24 9DU | Telephone: 101 | Opening hours: Mon-Fri — Appointment only
 * Skipton Police Station
 * Otley Road, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1EZ | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13174 | Opening hours: Mon-Thurs — 9am - 5pm, Fri — 9am - 4.30pm, Bank Holidays — closed

Posted on 26 April 2019 at 02:06pm in News stories
