```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-29T15:58:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-29T15:57:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Emile Riggon, who was just 17 when police arrested him, was sentenced at York Crown Court on Monday 29 July 2019. Riggon was caught when police called at a flat in Harrogate after receiving information about suspicious activity. He tried to escape from officers but failed. A subsequent search of a bag he was wearing [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Emile-Riggon-16022001c.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "18-year-old \u201Ccounty lines\u201D drug pusher handed suspended sentence - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/18-year-old-county-lines-drug-pusher-handed-suspended-sentence/
title: "18-year-old \u201Ccounty lines\u201D drug pusher handed suspended sentence"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/18-year-old-county-lines-drug-pusher-handed-suspended-sentence/
```

Last modified: 29 July 2019 at 04:58pm

An 18-year-old “county lines” drug pusher from West Yorkshire has been sentenced to 24 months' imprisonment (suspended for 2 years) for dealing heroin, cocaine and cannabis in Harrogate.

Emile Riggon, who was just 17 when police arrested him, was sentenced at York Crown Court on Monday 29 July 2019.

Riggon was caught when police called at a flat in Harrogate after receiving information about suspicious activity. He tried to escape from officers but failed.

A subsequent search of a bag he was wearing revealed 189 packages of heroin, 15 bags of cannabis skunk, a bag containing 47 grams of heroin and a bag of white powder which was later confirmed as phenacetin - a banned drug that can cause kidney failure and cancer which is used by drug dealers to cut cocaine.

A machete was found inside his trousers along with a lock-knife in his pocket.

A search of the flat where officers found Riggon revealed more drugs including a bag containing 13 grams of cocaine, weighing scales and other drugs paraphernalia.

Riggon, of Albion Street, Dewsbury, and previously of Chapletown, Leeds, pleaded guilty to four charges including two counts of possessing cocaine with intent to supply, one count of possessing heroin with intent to supply and one count of possessing cannabis with intent to supply.

Riggon had all the hallmarks of so-called “county lines” drug dealing, travelling from West Yorkshire to pedal drugs in Harrogate, using the homes of local drug users as a base to store and sell his drugs.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Hayley Goodlad of Harrogate CID, said: “Another drug dealer touting class A drugs in Harrogate has been sentenced and a large amount of drugs taken out of circulation. This case is a clear demonstration of the action we can take when members of the public act on their instincts and call in with information.

“Riggon was only 17 when he was caught, a child, for whatever reason, caught up in a dangerous world of drug dealing and violence. I hope he gets the support he needs to move away from a criminal lifestyle and choses a more positive path for his future.”

If you suspect drug dealing in your neighbourhood. Please call the police on 101.

If you prefer to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

In an emergency always call 999.

**The signs of drug dealing can include**

 * Increased callers at a property at all times of the day or night
 * Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
 * Different accents at a property
 * Antisocial behaviour at a property
 * Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
 * Drug-related rubbish – small plastic bags, syringes
 * Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

Posted on 29 July 2019 at 04:57pm in News stories
