```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T10:52:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-07T10:51:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced at Preston Crown Court for their roles in the theft of sheep from farms in Skipton in North Yorkshire and Wray in Lancashire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two men sentenced for sheep theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-sentenced-sheep-theft/
title: Two men sentenced for sheep theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-sentenced-sheep-theft/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 10:52am

Two men have been sentenced at Preston Crown Court for their roles in the theft of sheep from farms in Skipton in North Yorkshire and Wray in Lancashire.

Andrew Piner, 48, of Mill Lane, Gisburn pleaed guilty to the theft and was sentenced to 34 months' imprisonment.

Thomas Redfern, 25, of Main Street, Gisburn was found guilty following a trial and was sentenced to 21 months' imprisonment.

In September 2013 30 crossbred mule ewes valued at £5,000 were stolen from Newton Hall Farm near Skipton. At the time of the theft, Thomas Redfern worked as a stockman at the premises.

In February 2014, 58 pedigree Beltex and recipient mule ewes carrying Beltex embryos were stolen following a burglary at Curwen Hill Farm near Wray, Lancaster. The value of the theft was in excess of £30,000.

Lancashire Constabulary launched a joint investigation with North Yorkshire Police, which was assisted by the farming community and involved gathering DNA evidence and forensic analysis of telephony.

As a result, a search warrant was executed at Lathams Farm near Slaidburn, which at the time was managed by Andrew Piner.

Stolen sheep from both farms were located and recovered at Lathams Farm and at another address nearby which was rented by Piner.

PC Andrew Massingham, Community Beat and Wildlife officer for the Lower Lune Valley, Lancashire Constabulary, said: "These thefts had a significant impact locally as they were committed by people working within and trusted by the farming community. It is completely unacceptable that people in such positions carried out these despicable crimes which affected the lives and livelihoods of the victims.

"We work very closely with the NFU and farmers in the area and we have created the Farmers Network. There is a very close working relationship with the rural community and the outcome of this case sends a clear and unequivocal message that crime within rural areas with be investigated and those concerned will be brought to justice for their actions."

Sergeant Mark Hill, of Skipton Police, said: "This result sends a strong message that criminals who prey on our rural communities will be caught and dealt with.

"We have a strong, ongoing focus on tackling rural crime issues, including livestock theft, and our innovative partnership with the NFU is training officers across the force to deal with complex investigations of this nature.

"This prosecution was made possible by a member of the farming community coming to the police with their concerns, and as a result we were able to take action. I would urge anyone who sees suspicious activity in rural areas to contact the police or Crimestoppers, as together we can fight rural crime."

Posted on 7 January 2016 at 10:51am in News stories
