```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-04T15:13:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-04T14:58:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "With the\_FCR being the first touch point for the vast majority of the incidents the force deal with, Control Room staff are trained to expect the unexpected and to be ready to deal with any situation which may arise. That\u2019s why having a multi-skilled and flexible workforce, who between them can speak a range of [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Our Force Control Room speaks your language - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/our-force-control-room-speaks-your-language/
title: Our Force Control Room speaks your language
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/our-force-control-room-speaks-your-language/
```

Last modified: 4 March 2019 at 03:13pm

The North Yorkshire Police Force Control Room (FCR) never stops and has to be ready for anything and to help anyone.

With the FCR being the first touch point for the vast majority of the incidents the force deal with, Control Room staff are trained to expect the unexpected and to be ready to deal with any situation which may arise.

That’s why having a multi-skilled and flexible workforce, who between them can speak a range of languages is so beneficial.

Among the highly trained staff, Arabic, Punjabi, Urdu, Spanish, French and Polish are spoken, which means that if a call comes in from someone for who English is not their first language – help and assistance can still be obtained from police.

If the person who needs assistance speaks a language not spoken by staff, translation services are on hand 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to help and assist.

https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/FINAL-LANGUAGES-040319.mp4

Speaking about dealing with a call from a woman who spoke only Arabic, Habs Khan who is a Deployment Manager in the Force Control Room said:

“About six months ago I took a call from a very distressed woman. She started her call with one repeated word ‘Arabic, Arabic’, so I quickly responded to her in Arabic and confirmed that she could speak to me and tell me what was wrong.

“She was very upset and it took a few questions from me to determine that her husband was in need of some help due to a stomach injury. Understanding her background, I knew that she was nervous about contacting the ambulance service in the first instance. We dispatched an officer and I was able to quickly reassure the woman that help was on its way and reassure her that it was safe for an ambulance to attend.

“We heard soon after that the woman’s husband had received the medical attention he needed and was recovering well.

“In situations such as these, it’s invaluable to be able to quickly gather the information required to determine the situation and the resources required to deal with it, so I’m really pleased my Arabic skills could help that couple.

“It’s not only residents of North Yorkshire who may require our language skills, we also have a large number or overseas visitors who visit the area and also work in the area. Not so long ago we assisted a Belgian lorry driver who had a tyre blow out on him on the A1, resulting in him colliding with the central reservation. So being able to quickly call on language skills is a definite benefit.

“If we do encounter a caller whose language is not spoken by staff, we do have translation services available around the clock, who we can quickly call. They can then assist us on the telephone line.

“So if you are not a confident English speaker, but you do need the help and assistance of the police, please do not be deterred from contacting us, we will be able to help and assist you.”

“If there is immediate danger or threat to life, always dial 999. If it’s not urgent and you want to speak to the police or pass information on then please contact us on 101.”

Posted on 4 March 2019 at 02:58pm in News stories
