```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-24T08:31:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-24T08:29:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Prevent team are concerned that the recent coronavirus isolation measures, including the closure of schools and colleges, may have placed some people at an increased risk of being drawn into violent extremism or terrorism while spending more time online. Those who are worried about someone close to them are urged to visit [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/06/Find-help-2-300x158-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '#SafeguardingWeek2020: Counter terrorism police urge awareness of online risks to young people - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safeguardingweek2020-counter-terrorism-police-urge-awareness-of-online-risks-to-young-people/
title: '#SafeguardingWeek2020: Counter terrorism police urge awareness of online risks to young people'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/safeguardingweek2020-counter-terrorism-police-urge-awareness-of-online-risks-to-young-people/
```

Last modified: 24 June 2020 at 09:31am

As part of Safeguarding Week, counter terrorism police officers are urging parents, carers and friends to be aware of what young or vulnerable people are looking at online - and what to do if they believe someone is being radicalised.

North Yorkshire Police’s Prevent team are concerned that the recent coronavirus isolation measures, including the closure of schools and colleges, may have placed some people at an increased risk of being drawn into violent extremism or terrorism while spending more time online.

Those who are worried about someone close to them are urged to visit the **" Let’s Talk About It”** website **www.ltai.info**.

The website has important advice and guidance on what signs to look out for and where to go for help.

Those with **immediate concerns should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101** where they can access discreet and tailored support from trained professionals.

**Always dial 999 if an emergency response is required**.

Detective Inspector Dave Edwards said: “The impact of the Coronavirus measures has meant that many young people have lost valuable support from friends, teachers and mentors at a time when they needed it most.

“There is still a great deal of uncertainty as we move towards the summer holiday period, and it is not surprising many young people have found comfort and connections online with others.

“However, we know that extremist groups across different ideologies are active in the same online space and they are actively looking to take advantage of the uncertainty created by the pandemic to promote disinformation, fear and hate.

“The current situation presents a unique opportunity for them to exploit this anxiety in an attempt to further their objectives and attract new followers.”

The Prevent programme remains a vital part of cross-government efforts to safeguard vulnerable people from extremist influences across all ideologies.

Police have seen a noticeable decline in referrals since the lockdown and are therefore concerned that vulnerable people could be coaxed into this dangerous world. This has been due to there being fewer people to spot the early signs of radicalisation, or because people don’t know how to access the support that they need.

Prevent officers continue to work hard with local, regional and national partner agencies to support those who are already part of the programme. While they have been required to adapt the way they work in order to meet the evolving public health guidance during the Coronavirus restrictions, they are still readily available to respond to any new requests for help or advice.

DI Edwards added: “Those who are worried about someone they know are urged to visit the ‘Let’s Talk About It’ website or to share their concerns with North Yorkshire Police by calling 101.

“It is very important that we are able to act quickly to prevent people from being drawn too far down a path of violent extremism or terrorism.

“By working together and intervening early, we can safeguard those most at risk of radicalisation and better protect them and our communities from harm.”

 * More information and guidance is available at the **“Let’s Talk About It” (www.ltai.info)** and **Action Counter Terrorism (ACT) (https://act.campaign.gov.uk/)** websites.

To keep up-to-date, please follow North Yorkshire Police’s Prevent team on Twitter: **@NypPrevent**.

# _Safeguarding is everyone’s business - #TellUsYourConcerns_

Posted on 24 June 2020 at 09:29am in News stories
