```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-06-13T15:58:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On the morning of Wednesday 13 June 2018 officers entered the first property on the High Street where they found a quantity of cannabis and suspected amphetamine. A 28-year-old Scarborough man was arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs with intent to supply. \_A second man at the property was issued with a cannabis warning. The [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two arrested as Scarborough police execute drug warrants - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrested-as-scarborough-police-execute-drug-warrants/
title: Two arrested as Scarborough police execute drug warrants
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-arrested-as-scarborough-police-execute-drug-warrants/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 04:58pm

Two Scarborough men remain in police custody after warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act were executed at two separate properties in Eastfield.

On the morning of Wednesday 13 June 2018 officers entered the first property on the High Street where they found a quantity of cannabis and suspected amphetamine. A 28-year-old Scarborough man was arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs with intent to supply. A second man at the property was issued with a cannabis warning.

The second warrant took place at a property in High Garth where officers found a quantity of cannabis and suspected amphetamine. A 54-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs with intent to supply.

Local Neighbourhood Policing Teams worked with housing providers during the day to encourage local people to report any concerns or information about suspected drug activity in the area.

A police spokeswoman said: “Drug crime is often hidden and information from members of the public is crucial in helping us build up a picture of what’s going on in our communities. The warrants today were as a result of information received from the community and I hope that local people are reassured that we will act on information about suspicious activity in our neighbourhoods.”

If you have any information about suspected drug activity in your area, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 13 June 2018 at 04:58pm in News stories
