```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-09-06T11:18:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Lifestyle Challenge set up to engage youths and prevent anti-social behaviour over the summer has been vandalised.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Appeal for information following vandalism to children\u2019s project - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-vandalism-childrens-project/
title: "Appeal for information following vandalism to children\u2019s project"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-following-vandalism-childrens-project/
```

Last modified: 6 September 2017 at 12:18pm

A Lifestyle Challenge set up to engage youths and prevent anti-social behaviour over the summer has been vandalised.

It happened at Burton Riggs Nature Reserve in Scarborough sometime between Wednesday 30 August and Saturday 2 September when a number of posters and fairy doors have been taken down and thrown across the nearby rail tracks.

A conservation challenge to make a positive contribution to the environment by reducing dog poo droppings around the reserve was chosen by three local school girls Chloe Hizzett, Lauren Rees and Ellie Morland (Team Random).

The initiative was also aimed at attracting visitors to the reserve by creating a fun fairy door hunt.

The girls, aged 11, arranged a cake sale to fund the production of the posters aimed at reducing dog waste and also to fund the purchase of the fairy doors.

Sergeant Neil Northend from North Yorkshire Police Partnership Hub said:

“It is really disappointing to see the project that Team Random had spent so much time and effort on be vandalised.

“This is the reason why we encourage young people from across the county to be involved with Lifestyle Challenge, to give them focus over the summer, to make a difference in their community, and the Team Random girls did just that.

“The fact that someone has had a complete lack of regard for the girls’ selfless work is totally unacceptable”.

Amanda Hizzett, parent to Chloe says:

“I’m gutted for the girls but they’ve had a lovely outpour of support from the local community, sending us messages of disgust at the behaviour by the individuals who committed this mindless vandalism”.

Anyone who witnessed the vandalism or who has any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Sergeant Vicky Mason.

Posted on 6 September 2017 at 12:18pm in News stories
