```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:53:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-05T12:52:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a motorcyclist died in a collision near Settle on Saturday.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in collision near Settle - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-dies-collision-near-settle/
title: Appeal after motorcyclist dies in collision near Settle
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-dies-collision-near-settle/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:53pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a motorcyclist died in a collision near Settle on Saturday.

It happened at around 12pm midday on Saturday 3 October 2015 on the A65 at The Courtyard, Cleatop, near Settle.

It involved a black Nissan Note car travelling south towards Long Preston and a yellow Pioneer motorcycle travelling north towards Settle.

Sadly, the rider of the motorcycle, a 46-year-old local man died at the scene. The driver of the Nissan car, a 48-year-old man from Leeds, was arrested at the scene and has since been released on bail to allow for further enquiries.

Police are not yet able to name the local motorcycle rider until a formal identification has been conducted and extended family and friends informed.

Anyone who witnessed the collision itself or the manner in which either vehicle was been used prior to the collision is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and select option 2 and ask for TC268 Martin Mulcaster of the Major Collision Investigation Team or emailMartin.Mulcaster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote ref 12150174927 when passing on information.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to deal with the collision and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 5pm.

5 October 2015

Posted on 5 October 2015 at 12:52pm in News stories
