```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-19T16:10:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-19T16:04:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Crucial Crew has taken place at the Territorial Army Centre in Scarborough over the past two weeks, with more than 1400 children attending the event.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/CRUCIAL-CREW-SCARBOROUGH-PIC-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Crucial Crew helps youngsters in the Scarborough district learn how to stay safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crucial-crew-helps-youngsters-in-the-scarborough-district-learn-how-to-stay-safe/
title: Crucial Crew helps youngsters in the Scarborough district learn how to stay safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/crucial-crew-helps-youngsters-in-the-scarborough-district-learn-how-to-stay-safe/
```

Last modified: 19 June 2018 at 05:10pm

Crucial Crew has taken place at the Territorial Army Centre in Scarborough over the past two weeks, with more than 1400 children attending the event.

During the events, Year 6 students from across the district have been learning about keeping safe and what to do if ever faced with an emergency. Student have learnt skills such as how to make a 999 call, thinking about an escape plan in the event of a fire in the home and keeping themselves safe near the sea. Students have also had the opportunity to learn about keeping themselves safe around electricity and what to do if they suspect a gas leak at home.

A new workshop run by the NHS Healthy Child Team which was introduced this year, taught students about personal wellbeing and keeping a healthy mind.

Other issues covered were drugs and alcohol and healthy relationships.

Many agencies have taken part in crucial Crew along with North Yorkshire Police (NYP), including
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Independent Domestic Abuse Service, Scarborough Borough Council, NHS Healthy Child Team, RNLI Lifeguard, Northern Powergrid and Northern Gas Network.

The agencies have also been supported by volunteers who assist in running the scenarios and teaching the students these key safety messages.

Beat Manager PC Ryan Lyth said:

“It has been fantastic to inform so many children about a wide range of safety messages over the last two weeks.

“I am grateful to all the agencies for being involved in Crucial Crew and I also want to praise the volunteers for their work and support. Without them, Crucial Crew would not be the success it is.

“Thanks also go to the Brunswick Centre for their continued support and sponsoring Crucial Crew again this year, and to the Territorial Army Centre in Scarborough for allowing us to host these events there.

“My final thanks go to the students themselves who have been focussed, attentive and engaging in all the sessions.”

NYP has launched a new interactive Crucial Crew game which students can play online which will help them to consolidate their learning. This can be found at http://www.crucial-crew.org.uk/

Picture: Students from Barrowcliffe School and Thomas Hinderwell Primary School and Crucial Crew staff and volunteers

Posted on 19 June 2018 at 05:04pm in News stories
