```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:56:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-25T10:55:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are now in a position to identify the motorcyclist who sadly died on the A682 near Long Preston on Saturday 23 April 2016.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/Thomas_Wallace-193x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Update - Man who died as a result of collision near Long Preston, Skipton on Sat 23 April 2016 is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-man-died-result-collision-near-long-preston-skipton-sat-23-april-2016-named/
title: Update - Man who died as a result of collision near Long Preston, Skipton on Sat 23 April 2016 is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-man-died-result-collision-near-long-preston-skipton-sat-23-april-2016-named/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:56am

Police are now in a position to identify the motorcyclist who sadly died on the A682 near Long Preston on Saturday 23 April 2016.

He is 47-year-old Thomas Wallace from Preston.

Mr Wallace was riding his white Suzuki GSR 750 on the A682 near the juction of the A65 towards Long Preston, when he was involved in a collision with a grey Toyota Yaris. He sadly died at the scene.

Speaking about Mr Wallace his family said:

"Tom was a well-loved family man who always put others before himself. He was a car and motorbike enthusiast who loved to travel and spend time with his six-month old nephew. His presence will be sorely missed by all who knew him."

Police are appealing to any witnesses who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, or anyone who witnessed the collision, to contact them on 101 and quote reference 12160070516. Alternatively you can emailZoe.Billings@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Appeal following fatal motorbike collision near Long Preston, Skipton on Sat 23 April 2016**

North Yorkshire Police were alerted by Yorkshire Ambulance Service at 2pm on Saturday 23 April 2016 to a collision between a grey Toyota Yaris and a white Suzuki GSR 750 motorbike on the A682 near the junction of the A65 towards Long Preston.

Sadly the 47-year-old male rider from Preston died at the scene. The occupants of the car were uninjured.

Police are appealing to any witnesses who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, or anyone who witnessed the collision, to contact them on 101 and quote reference 12160070516. Alternatively you can emailZoe.Billings@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Police are particularly wanting to trace a van believed to be a Ford Transit Luton, who stopped at the scene and may hold information which would assist the investigation.

Posted on 25 April 2016 at 10:55am in News stories
