```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-04T11:12:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident has prompted a strong warning from North Yorkshire Police&#8217;s Rural Taskforce for dog owners to behave responsibly and always keep their dogs on leads near livestock. On Saturday 31 March a distressed ewe went into labour after being chased by a greyhound-type dog with a red jacket, in the Reeth Road area, west [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/Lambs-delivered-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Lambs die after sheep labour brought on by dog chase - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lambs-die-sheep-labour-brought-dog-chase/
title: Lambs die after sheep labour brought on by dog chase
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lambs-die-sheep-labour-brought-dog-chase/
```

Last modified: 4 April 2018 at 12:12pm

Two lambs died after a sheep went into labour brought on by a dog chasing it near Richmond.

The incident has prompted a strong warning from North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce for dog owners to behave responsibly and always keep their dogs on leads near livestock.

On Saturday 31 March a distressed ewe went into labour after being chased by a greyhound-type dog with a red jacket, in the Reeth Road area, west of Richmond. The dog's owner left the scene.

A vet attended, but sadly both delivered lambs died.

Sergeant Stuart Grainger, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, urged dog owners to always keep their pets on leads around sheep, and in particular during the lambing season which runs from around January to April.

Anyone with information about the Richmond incident should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference number NYP-31032018-0284.

Livestock worrying and livestock attacks are a growing problem in rural communities. North Yorkshire Police is part of a five-force working group that is trying to tackle the problem.

Speaking earlier this year at the launch of a report highlighting the scale of dog attacks on livestock, North Yorkshire Police's Chief Constable Dave Jones said: "We need dog owners to take responsibility for their animals - not just by putting their dogs on a lead when out walking, but by preventing them from escaping from home and causing damage to livestock. We need livestock owners to report incidents so that we can gather intelligence and launch investigations. Above all, we need the powers to tackle this problem effectively and an overhaul of the outdated and sometimes ineffective rules surrounding livestock worrying."

Posted on 4 April 2018 at 12:12pm in News stories
