```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T16:28:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Market Place, Bedale between 11.20am and 11.25am\_Sunday 6 May 2018 and involved two men having a heated altercation in the vicinity of Bedale Post Office. The first man\_is described as white, early 20s in age, of slim build with short dark hair wearing dark coloured clothing and he was in company with [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Bedale assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-5/
title: Appeal following Bedale assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-5/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2018 at 05:28pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Bedale.

It happened on Market Place, Bedale between 11.20am and 11.25am Sunday 6 May 2018 and involved two men having a heated altercation in the vicinity of Bedale Post Office.

The first man is described as white, early 20s in age, of slim build with short dark hair wearing dark coloured clothing and he was in company with a husky style dog.

The second man is described as white, early to late 20s in age, medium build, with short fair hair and was wearing a grey coloured t-shirt, blue coloured shorts, sunglasses and he was carrying a dark coloured backpack and pushing a mountain bike. He was in Male two was in company with a woman who is described as a white female, medium build, early to mid 20s in age with long dark coloured hair and she was wearing a dark coloured floral playsuit and carrying a dark coloured shoulder bag.

Following the altercation the second man assaulted the first one, resulting in him sustaining a broken nose and bruising to his kidneys.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. You might remember this weekend as the Tour de Yorkshire started in Richmond and ended in Scarborough on 5 May 2018 and then started in Halifax and ended in Leeds on 6 May 2018.

In particular, we are appealing for information to help identify male two and his female companion.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC496 Bramham. You can also email lucy.bramham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180078421.

Contact details:
 Lucy Bramham \- #0496
Lucy.Bramham@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 / 30496
Incident reference:
 12180078421
Posted on 14 May 2018 at 05:28pm in Local appeals
