```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-16T15:51:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-16T15:50:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; Joe&#8217;s family have issued the\_following tribute to him: It is not possible to describe just how much Joe was loved by his mum and dad, sister, girlfriend and all his family and friends. He was such a kind, considerate loving person and we have been privileged to have had him in our lives for [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Joseph-Michael-Keane-229x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Update: Fatal collision on the A65 near Ingleton 13 July 2018 - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-fatal-collision-on-the-a65-near-ingleton-13-july-2018/
title: 'Update: Fatal collision on the A65 near Ingleton 13 July 2018'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-fatal-collision-on-the-a65-near-ingleton-13-july-2018/
```

Last modified: 16 July 2018 at 04:51pm

We can now confirm that the man who died in the collision involving a campervan conversion and a Peugeot car on the A65 near Ingleton on the afternoon of 13 July 2018, was Joseph Michael Keane, aged 28, from Billinge near Wigan, Lancashire.

#### **Joe 's family have issued the following tribute to him: **

Joe Keane

#### It is not possible to describe just how much Joe was loved by his mum and dad, sister, girlfriend and all his family and friends. He was such a kind, considerate loving person and we have been privileged to have had him in our lives for 28 years.

He had a lovely dry, warm sense of humour which endeared him to whomever was lucky enough to have been in his presence.

His passions in life were for his family and friends and a love of books. He hated social injustice and advocated for people who were least able to help themselves.

His loss has left us bereft and the only comfort we have is being surrounded by the people who loved him most. He was such a special, beautiful person, we have been enriched by his presence and the pain of his loss means our lives will never be the same again.

####

####

####

####

#### The driver of the campervan conversion who was arrested at the scene has been released while under investigation to allow for further police enquiries.

To recap, the collision happened on the A65 between Clapham and Ingleton, just north of the turn off to Bentham, at around 4.15pm on Friday 13 July 2018. A white, flatbed truck, which was converted into a home-made campervan, was travelling towards Ingleton and collided with the Peugeot in which Joe was travelling.

#### Police are appealing to anyone with any dash-cam footage or who saw either the converted campervan or the decommissioned ambulance travelling along the A65 prior to the crash and to anyone who witnessed the crash, to contact them if they have not already done so.

#### The converted campervan was quite distinctive due to the crudeness of its conversion which is described as a flatbed truck converted into a camper.

#### Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Sergeant Hamish Halloway or TC Gemma Brett. Or email Hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or gemma.brett@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

#### Please quote reference 12180126976 when passing information.

#### The A65 was closed while emergency services dealt with the collision, to allow collision investigators to examine the scene, for the vehicles to be recovered, and to allow the road to be cleared and swept. It reopened fully at 8.30am on 14 July.

**Incident at level crossing in Kildwick** **
**
In a separate incident, the driver of a decommissioned ambulance has been charged with a number of offences after the vehicle left the scene of the fatal collision. He is due to appear at Skipton Magistrates' Court on 17 August 2018. He is not under investigation for the fatal collision.

He has been charged with the following in relation to a police pursuit and collision after the decommissioned ambulance collided with a level crossing in Kildwick.

 * #### Dangerous driving

 * #### Driving while disqualified

 * #### Failing to stop for the police

 * #### Failing to provide a specimen for analysis

 * #### Obstructing a railway

 * #### Driving without insurance

####

Posted on 16 July 2018 at 04:50pm in News stories
