```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:41:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-14T14:21:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about three incidents in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following three incidents in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-three-incidents-scarborough/
title: Appeal for witnesses following three incidents in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-three-incidents-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:41am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about three incidents in Scarborough.

Scarborough Police are investigating three incidents that occurred on the 12 February 2018, and are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward.

At 7.40am, a CCTV camera unit was stolen from outside a house on Gladstone Road.

Then at around 10.10am, CCTV Camera unit wires were cut and tampered with outside a house on Cambridge Street.

The third incident was a burglary at a house on Garfield Road, which happened between 10am and 3.45pm. The property was ransacked and a number of sentimental and valuable items were stolen.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incidents.

If anyone has seen any suspicious activity during the day on the 12 February 2018 in the areas mentioned, or if anybody has any information that would assist the investigation, please get in touch.

Two 17 year old boys have been arrested in connection with the three incidents. They have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC 877 Millington. You can also email Vicky.millington@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk , Steve.williams@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180025053

Date 14.02. 2018

***************************************

Contact details:
 Vicki Millington \- #0877
vicki.millington@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609 643423
Incident reference:
 12180025053, 12180025003,12180024801
Posted on 14 February 2018 at 02:21pm in Local appeals
