```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:54:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-24T14:42:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first occurred at 9.30pm on Sunday 22 December when a couple living on Duchy Road found two males in their hallway. After being shouted at by the homeowners the suspects ran away towards Kent Road, without taking anything. Around 10.40pm, the same evening a homeowner on Hereford found two males trying to steal her [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following two burglaries in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-burglaries-in-harrogate-2/
title: Appeal following two burglaries in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-burglaries-in-harrogate-2/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:54pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following two car key burglaries in the Duchy area of Harrogate.

The first occurred at 9.30pm on Sunday 22 December when a couple living on Duchy Road found two males in their hallway. After being shouted at by the homeowners the suspects ran away towards Kent Road, without taking anything.

Around 10.40pm, the same evening a homeowner on Hereford found two males trying to steal her Jaguar E Type car after taking the car keys from the front door. As the offenders were manoeuvring the car out of the driveway, the homeowner opened one of the car doors to confront them. The suspects crashed the car into her husband’s vehicle and ran away towards Cornwall Road.

Between 5pm on Sunday 22 December and 9am on Monday 23 December offenders gained access to two vehicles in a driveway on Duchy Road however left without taking anything

Police are appealing for information, in particular, they want to hear from anyone who noticed any suspicious people or vehicles or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in each area at the time.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigations or has seen, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, and pass information to the Force Control Room or email cidharrogate@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12190233877 when providing information.

**Car key (2-in-1) burglaries**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will often target the owners of high-value vehicles; ‘cruising’ around residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit their security and get to their keys.

For advice on how to protect your home and your car from car key burglars visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/2in1burglary

Posted on 24 December 2019 at 02:42pm in Burglary, News stories
