```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-03T08:35:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is using social media to spread the word about staying safe over the festive season as part of a &#039;Dear Santa&#039; Christmas campaign.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&#039;Dear Santa&#039; plea to stay safe and secure this Christmas - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dear-santa-plea-stay-safe-secure-christmas/
title: '''Dear Santa'' plea to stay safe and secure this Christmas'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dear-santa-plea-stay-safe-secure-christmas/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police is using social media to spread the word about staying safe over the festive season as part of a 'Dear Santa' Christmas campaign.

Members of the public are being encouraged to share their wishes for a safe Christmas on social media using #NYPdearsanta as the police tweet safety messages in a series of letters to Santa.

The campaign has a serious side with a focus on drink and drug driving, personal safety, domestic abuse and keeping your things safe.

Four simple messages will run throughout the campaign:

 * Drink responsibly
 * Plan your journey home
 * Violence at home - call us
 * Lock up, light up

The drink and drug driving aspect is underpinned by Operation Attention which will see officers cracking down on drivers who put lives in danger by drinking or taking drugs before getting behind the wheel.

Victims of domestic abuse are encouraged not to suffer in silence and to get the help they need. Domestic abuse increases over the Christmas period and it is vital that victims and their families get the support they need. If you don't want to call the police, Independent Domestic Abuse Services (IDAS) have a 24-hour helpline 03000 110 110 and have recently launched a live chat service on their website _www.idas.org.uk_.

Christmas parties and family gatherings are often helped along with lots of alcohol. Simple personal safety measures can help keep you safe such as drinking within your limits, alternating with soft drinks, arranging transport home in advance and sticking with your friends on a night out.

Finally, you have worked hard all year to buy your loved ones gifts for Christmas, don't let a thief steal your Christmas. Criminals know there are rich pickings to be had at this time of year. Please make sure you keep presents and valuables out of sight of prying eyes. Always keep your doors locked - even when you are home. Use a light timer switch when you are out - a burglar is more likely to target an unlit home and keep your car keys hidden away.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said: "Alcohol features heavily in many of the incidents we're are called to over the festive season. While we don't want to spoil anyone's fun, we do want people to stay safe and secure and have a peaceful Christmas. We see only too often, the tragedy and heartache caused by too much drinking or drug taking. Christmas is the season of good will and we hope that everyone experiences this, whether they are our partying, staying in, or choosing not to celebrate.

"Our officers and volunteers will be out and about helping to keep North Yorkshire safe over Christmas and we ask everyone to do their bit to stay safe and secure. Don't drink so you are out of control, don't ever drink and drive, keep your things and yourself safe."

The 'Dear Santa' letters will also feature in a press campaign across local papers throughout December. Beer mats, bar runners and mirror stickers carrying the four key messages will also be visible in a number of bars and pubs across the region.

3 December 2015

Posted on 3 December 2015 at 08:35am in News stories
