```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-10T15:09:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-10T15:07:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police has issued a fresh appeal for anyone with information to get in touch after the body of a 25 year-old woman was found in a property on Fourth Avenue in York. Detectives confirmed they had launched a murder investigation after the woman\u2019s body was found at 1pm on Monday 2 July after [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fourth Avenue murder investigation continues as police issue fresh appeal - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fourth-avenue-murder-investigation-continues-as-police-issue-fresh-appeal/
title: Fourth Avenue murder investigation continues as police issue fresh appeal
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fourth-avenue-murder-investigation-continues-as-police-issue-fresh-appeal/
```

Last modified: 10 July 2018 at 04:09pm

**Appeal to anyone who witnessed an altercation between two men on Fourth Avenue overnight between Saturday 30 June to Sunday 1 July**

North Yorkshire Police has issued a fresh appeal for anyone with information to get in touch after the body of a 25 year-old woman was found in a property on Fourth Avenue in York.

Detectives confirmed they had launched a murder investigation after the woman’s body was found at 1pm on Monday 2 July after concerns were raised for her welfare. Officers gained entry to the property where they sadly found her deceased.

A 35 year-old local man was arrested on suspicion of murder. He has since been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries.

Officers have been conducting house to house enquiries, carrying out forensic examinations of the scene and speaking to witnesses to establish the full circumstances surrounding the woman’s death.

Detectives are appealing to anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the area at the time to contact them.

In particular, they would like to hear from anyone who saw or heard a fight or altercation between two men in the area of the parade of shops between Seventh Avenue and Melrosegate on Fourth Avenue sometime after 7pm on Saturday 30 June through to the early hours of Sunday 1 July.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Pearson of North Yorkshire Police said:

“This is a continuing investigation and we are awaiting further test results before we are in a position to formally identify the woman.

"The scene is in a residential area and we have been speaking with the local community to obtain as much information as we can and to reassure them that we are working hard to establish the circumstances of the woman's death.

"We continue to appeal to anyone who may have seen or heard anything unusual around this location, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to please come forward.”

Witnesses or anyone with information that could assist the investigation are urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or via their online reporting tool on their website at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote reference number 12180118649 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 10 July 2018 at 04:07pm in News stories
