```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-08-20T10:30:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Michael John Dale, 30, of Dorts Crescent, Church Fenton, previously from the York area, was jailed by York Crown Court on Friday 17 August 2018. Dale\_pleaded guilty to three counts of sexual activity with a child and one of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. He admitted three of the offences in February [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/Michael-John-Dale-06011988.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man jailed for six years and seven months after grooming a teenage girl - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-six-years-and-seven-months-after-grooming-a-teenage-girl/
title: Man jailed for six years and seven months after grooming a teenage girl
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-six-years-and-seven-months-after-grooming-a-teenage-girl/
```

Last modified: 20 August 2018 at 11:30am

A former York man has been jailed for six years and seven months for non-recent child sex offences.

Michael John Dale, 30, of Dorts Crescent, Church Fenton, previously from the York area, was jailed by York Crown Court on Friday 17 August 2018.

Dale pleaded guilty to three counts of sexual activity with a child and one of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. He admitted three of the offences in February and a fourth in July 2018, on the day he was due to stand trial.

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Peter Smith, of York Serious Crime Team, said: “This case involved the exploitation of an innocent teenage girl by an older man who took advantage of her age and immaturity for his own sexual gratification.

“The investigation started several years ago and initially the victim was not forthcoming because she had been groomed by Dale. However now that she is older she has realised that what happened was wrong. Although he initially pleaded guilty to some offences, he continued to deny others, only admitting to them on the morning of his trial.

“The victim is now left trying to piece her life back together after realising that her childhood was taken away from her by his actions. I hope today’s significant sentence goes some way in helping her to move on, and encourages other victims of grooming to come forward to the police and report their abusers.”

The police understand that sexual abuse is difficult to report. However, North Yorkshire Police has specially trained officers, specialist facilities and support from partner agencies to make what can be a difficult process as easy as possible.
It does not matter when the abuse happened, whether it is happening now or if it happened many years ago. What is important is that you get the help and support you need, that wider safeguarding measures can be put in place and that any perpetrators are investigated and brought to justice. Your information may also help to protect other victims and help the police to build up a wider picture of someone’s offending.
Even if your abuser has died, you may still need help to come to terms with what has happened to you. Your information could also lead to a wider investigation and still help protect others.
All reports will be fully investigated. Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000
 * North Yorkshire’s Supporting Victims unit can also offer advice and support, call 01609 643100 (8am to 7pm, Monday to Friday) email: help@supportingvictims.org

Posted on 20 August 2018 at 11:30am in News stories
