```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:51:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-23T14:51:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a commercial burglary that occurred in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Burglary in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-in-skipton/
title: Burglary in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/burglary-in-skipton/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:51pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a commercial burglary that occurred in Skipton.

It happened on Sheep Street at 7.20pm on 20th September 2015 and involved three unknown men breaking into the property and stealing over £3000 worth of stock.

The men gained access to the shop via a rear fire escape, which is situated on Hallams Yard, using a crowbar to prise the door open. The men have then gone down the internal stairs into the shop itself kicked open the store room door and taken two shelves of stock before making their exit via the same way they got in.

The three men involved were caught on CCTV but their faces were covered with hoods and were wearing gloves.

All men appear to be early twenties. The first man was wearing a lightweight coat top half grey bottom half black, with the grey hood covering his face and grey track suit bottoms. One of the other men was dressed in all black track suit bottoms and black hooded top. The third man was dressed in grey track suit bottoms and a grey Jack Jones hooded top.

One of the men's faces can be partiallly seen in the CCTV image.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the man in the CCTV still as he is partially visible and wearing a Jack Jones hoody.

It is believed the men made off into Hallams Yard leading towards the canal. Hallams Yard is residential so somebody may have seen the men leave or noticed a suspect vehicle parked close by.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for David McManus. You can also email david.mcmanus@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150166599 .

***************************************

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150166599

Posted on 23 September 2015 at 02:51pm in News stories
