```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-24T13:22:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-09T13:21:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in Whitby town centre just before Christmas.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Whitby Police seek witnesses in relation to serious assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-police-seek-witnesses-relation-serious-assault/
title: Whitby Police seek witnesses in relation to serious assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/whitby-police-seek-witnesses-relation-serious-assault/
```

Last modified: 24 May 2016 at 01:22pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious assault that occurred in Whitby town centre just before Christmas.

It happened in Whitby train station car park at about 3am on Sunday 20 December 2015, and involved a group of five men in their late teens/early twenties.

One man was seriously assaulted and knocked unconscious. He was taken to Scarborough General Hospital and sustained a broken jaw amongst other injuries for which he is still receiving treatment.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about three males who we believe were part of a larger group and left RAW nightclub on Wellington Road minutes before the assault before going to a local takeaway on Langbourne Road. We are especially interested in speaking to the male who was wearing a light coloured vest underneath a burgundy coloured jumper as he may have key information regarding the assault.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 257 Christie. You can also email Victoria.Christie@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150225140.

**9 January 2016**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150225140

Posted on 9 January 2016 at 01:21pm in News stories
