```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-02T13:37:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Thirteen new trainee police officers will be starting their duties out in the community this week, following the first passing-out ceremony of the year at North Yorkshire Police&#039;s headquarters at Newby Wiske.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police trainees start their first week on the beat - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-trainees-start-their-first-week-on-the-beat/
title: Police trainees start their first week on the beat
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-trainees-start-their-first-week-on-the-beat/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Thirteen new trainee police officers will be starting their duties out in the community this week, following the first passing-out ceremony of the year at North Yorkshire Police's headquarters at Newby Wiske.

The trainees have already undergone an intensive 17-week training programme to prepare them for their new duties.

As well as studying the key points of legislation, they have carried out a range of scenarios and role-playing exercises, in readiness for life out on the beat.

Now they will start work in York, Ripon, Northallerton, Scarborough and Harrogate, working under the supervision of an experienced officer for the next 15 weeks.

The trainees come from a broad variety of backgrounds, including working in the catering, motoring tourism and utilities industries, as well as in public services. A number obtained degrees before starting their policing studies.

Commenting on the passing-out ceremony, Assistant Chief Constable, Ken McIntosh, said: "North Yorkshire is currently one of the safest areas in the country, but a great deal of hard work goes into keeping that way. I'm delighted to welcome these new recruits into the Force, and I look forward to seeing them develop their skills and talents within North Yorkshire Police, as they work to protect and serve the public."

Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said: "In my Police and Crime Plan I have stressed that I want to see a truly responsive police service, which is embedded in the local community. This latest wave of trainees will help us to deliver the focus on local policing that people want to see."

Posted on 2 March 2015 at 01:37pm in News stories
