```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-17T11:40:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 2.30am yesterday, Wednesday 16 December 2020, a farmer in the Craven district, near Gargrave, received an alert that his quad bike was being moved. He called North Yorkshire Police on 999, and officers made towards the remote location immediately. When they arrived, the suspects had fled over fields into the darkness. However, they [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Dales quad bike thieves foiled by vehicle tracker - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dales-quad-bike-thieves-foiled-by-vehicle-tracker/
title: Dales quad bike thieves foiled by vehicle tracker
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dales-quad-bike-thieves-foiled-by-vehicle-tracker/
```

Last modified: 17 December 2020 at 11:40am

Late-night quad bike thieves were foiled after a GPS vehicle tracker alerted its owner it was being stolen.

At about 2.30am yesterday, Wednesday 16 December 2020, a farmer in the Craven district, near Gargrave, received an alert that his quad bike was being moved.

He called North Yorkshire Police on 999, and officers made towards the remote location immediately. When they arrived, the suspects had fled over fields into the darkness. However, they left empty-handed, leaving the Honda quad behind them in the farmyard.

Enquiries are ongoing, including forensic examination of items at the scene of the burglary.

PCSOs from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce attended the farm today to provide crime prevention advice.

Sixteen incidents involving the theft of quad bikes were reported in North Yorkshire in October 2020 – the same number as in October 2019. Quads are specifically targeted by criminals, as they are relatively small, valuable and left in sparsely-populated areas.

Following these incidents, officers are urging all owners to increase the security around their vehicles:

 * Fit a GPS tracking device.
 * Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads.
 * Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the quad.
 * Secure with wheel clamps and/or locking posts.
 * Mark or customise your quad so it is easily identifiable, and keep a record, including photographs and serial numbers.

Inspector Matt Hagen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Quite apart from their monetary value, the loss of a quad can have a really significant impact on farms and other rural businesses. The good news is security measures, in particular vehicle trackers, can be extremely effective.”

Posted on 17 December 2020 at 11:40am in News stories, Rural
