```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T08:00:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-09T07:59:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a fire that occurred at the rear of the Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade on Foreshore Road, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following arson attack at Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade, Foreshore Road, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-silver-dollar-amusement-arcade-foreshore-road-scarborough/
title: Appeal following arson attack at Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade, Foreshore Road, Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-arson-attack-silver-dollar-amusement-arcade-foreshore-road-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 08:00am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a fire that occurred at the rear of the Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade on Foreshore Road, Scarborough.

Appeal following arson attack at Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade, Foreshore Road, Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police

It happened at the side alleyway and rear of the Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade on Foreshore Road, Scarborough at approximately 3pm on Friday 8 April 2016 and involved the arrest of three male youths following the incident and a further male youth being taken to Scarborough Hospital and then transferred to Hull, suffering from minor burns as a result of the incident.

The three youths who had been arrested have since been bailed pending further investigation into this incident.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspicious behaviour seen by any member of the public who was in the vicinity of Sandside and Foreshore areas prior to the incident taking place or saw those involved in starting a fire at the side of the Silver Dollar Amusement Arcade.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gary Evans. You can also email Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160060683.

**9 April 2016**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160060683

Posted on 9 April 2016 at 07:59am in News stories
