```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:50:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-13T10:46:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between midnight and 8am on Saturday 9 November 2019, a house on Turner Court in Cononley was broken into and two cars, their car keys and two mobile phones were taken. The stolen vehicles were a White BMW 1 Series with a private number place and a black BMW X3. The BMW 1 Series was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following car key burglaries in Craven - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-car-key-burglaries-in-craven/
title: Appeal following car key burglaries in Craven
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-car-key-burglaries-in-craven/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:50pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following a car key burglary (2-in-1) and an attempted car key burglary in Craven.

Between midnight and 8am on Saturday 9 November 2019, a house on Turner Court in Cononley was broken into and two cars, their car keys and two mobile phones were taken. The stolen vehicles were a White BMW 1 Series with a private number place and a black BMW X3. The BMW 1 Series was later recovered in Knaresborough.

Overnight between 9 November and 10 November an attempt was made to get into an address on Boundary Avenue in Sutton-in-Craven. The lock on the back door had been broken off however the owners of the property had a secondary lock fitted which prevented the offenders from gaining access. Officers are treating the burglary as an attempt to steal the car key to a vehicle parked outside.

Police are appealing for information, in particular, they want to hear from anyone who noticed any suspicious people or vehicles or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in the areas at the time.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation or has seen, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, select option 2 and ask for Elizabeth Estensen. You can also email Elizabeth.Estensen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote relevant the following reference numbers when providing information if it relates to a specific incident:

 * 12190206699 – Cononley
 * 12190207288 – Sutton-in-Craven

**Car key (2-in-1) burglaries**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will often target the owners of high-value vehicles; ‘cruising’ around residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit their security and get to their keys.

For advice on how to protect your home and your car from car key burglars visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/2in1burglary

Posted on 13 November 2019 at 10:46am in Burglary, News stories
