```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-13T17:26:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on the cycle path behind James Street, that runs parallel with the Tang Hall Beck at around 3.30pm on Saturday 11 February 2017 and involved an unknown male expose his genitals in front of two 15 year old girls and then proceeded to carry out a lewd act in front of them. We [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following recent exposure incident - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-exposure-incident/
title: Appeal following recent exposure incident
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-exposure-incident/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an incident of sexual exposure that occurred in York.

It happened on the cycle path behind James Street, that runs parallel with the Tang Hall Beck at around 3.30pm on Saturday 11 February 2017 and involved an unknown male expose his genitals in front of two 15 year old girls and then proceeded to carry out a lewd act in front of them.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help us find he person responsible.

In particular, we are appealing for information about a member of the public who was approached by these two girls shortly after the incident on the cycle track. This male member of the public is described as a white bald headed male, wearing a black waist length coat with the buttons fastened up and jeans. This witness was reportedly carrying a drink and his mobile phone. We would like to speak to him as an important witness, even if he did not actually see the act take place.

The suspect is described as a white man, with a pale complexion, in his late 20s or early 30s, he is of chubby/rotund build, about 5’7″ tall. He was wearing an oversized baggy dark blue zipped hoody with white strings. He was wearing the hood up which covered most of his head and eyes, baggy black ‘builder/workman’ style trousers, and black rigger boots. The male had no facial hair and was not carrying anything.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Oliver Lewis. You can also email Oliver.Lewis592@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170024145.

Contact details:
 OLIVER LEWIS \- #592
OLIVER.LEWIS592@NORTHYORKSHIRE.PNN.POLICE.UK | 30592
Incident reference:
 12170024145
Posted on 13 February 2017 at 05:26pm in Local appeals
