```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-12-16T12:04:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident, which occurred near a pond close the sandy banks of the River Nidd, off Bilton Lane, was reported to the police at 2.42pm on Tuesday (15 December 2020). Officers are asking people to come forward with possible sightings of the man \u2013 either clothed or unclothed &#8211; or any suspicious behaviour along the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Exposure incident under investigation in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/exposure-incident-under-investigation-in-harrogate/
title: Exposure incident under investigation in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/exposure-incident-under-investigation-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2020 at 12:04pm

Police in Harrogate are appealing for witnesses and information to help locate a man who reportedly exposed himself to members of the public.

The incident, which occurred near a pond close the sandy banks of the River Nidd, off Bilton Lane, was reported to the police at 2.42pm on Tuesday (15 December 2020).

Officers are asking people to come forward with possible sightings of the man – either clothed or unclothed - or any suspicious behaviour along the riverbank or in nearby woodland, between 2pm and 4pm that day or recently. It is believed the same man has been involved in other similar incidents this year.

The man is described as white with a short dark-brown beard, aged in his 30s or 40s, about 6ft tall, muscular build, and he was wearing a mid-blue baseball cap.

Inspector Alex Langley, of the Harrogate Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “This is clearly very worrying and disturbing behaviour and we are doing all we can to locate the suspect.

“If anyone has information that could assist the investigation, please get in touch immediately so we can take action.

“It is always best to make a report straight away and to provide as much detail as possible about the location so we can target our searches. Ideally, this will include accurate data from smartphone maps or apps such as What3Words.

“In the meantime, police patrols have been stepped-up in the area to provide public reassurance while our enquiries are ongoing.”

If you can help the investigation in any way, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Please quote reference number 12200232879 when providing details.

Posted on 16 December 2020 at 12:04pm in News stories
