```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-23T15:29:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At around 6.45am on the morning of Monday 23 October 2017, a motorcyclist sustained serious leg and arm injuries after taking evasive action to avoid a car. &nbsp; It happened at the junction of the B6265 (Green Hammerton to Boroughbridge Road) and Gallabar Lane which leads to Marton cum Grafton. &nbsp; The motorcyclist, a 52-yer-old [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after motorcyclist seriously injured near Great Ouseburn - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-seriously-injured-near-great-ouseburn/
title: Appeal after motorcyclist seriously injured near Great Ouseburn
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-motorcyclist-seriously-injured-near-great-ouseburn/
```

Last modified: 23 October 2017 at 04:29pm

Police are appealing for information to trace the driver of a car that failed to stop at the scene of a collision near Great Ouseburn.

At around 6.45am on the morning of Monday 23 October 2017, a motorcyclist sustained serious leg and arm injuries after taking evasive action to avoid a car.

It happened at the junction of the B6265 (Green Hammerton to Boroughbridge Road) and Gallabar Lane which leads to Marton cum Grafton.

The motorcyclist, a 52-yer-old local man who was riding a Triumph motorcycle, was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary.

The car was turning right out of Gallabar Lane and the motorcyclist was turning left into Gallabar Lane.

Officers are appealing to the driver of the car and to anyone else who was in the area at the time who witnessed the collision or saw a vehicle leave the scene of the incident. There is no other information relating to the colour or make of the car, therefore information from any witnesses or anyone who believes it is their car that was involved in vital.

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and as for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts or email rob.roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170189975 when passing on information.

Our thanks go to the members of the public who stopped at the scene to assist the rider prior to the arrival of the emergency services.

Posted on 23 October 2017 at 04:29pm in News stories
