```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T12:53:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-26T12:52:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a woman was raped on a footpath near the University of York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after woman raped near the University of York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-raped-near-university-york/
title: Appeal after woman raped near the University of York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-raped-near-university-york/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 12:53pm

Detectives are appealing for information after a woman was raped on a footpath near the University of York.

The incident happened in the early hours of Friday 13 May 2016, at around 2.15am. It was reported to the police on 23 May.

A woman aged in her 20s was attacked on the public footpath that leads to Walmgate Stray, behind the university campus in Heslington.

The suspect is described as black, of medium build, aged between 20 to 30 and around 5ft 6in to 5ft 10in tall. He was wearing a dark coloured hoodie top.

Police are carrying out extensive enquiries into the incident and are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw anyone matching the description of the suspect, witnessed any suspicious behaviour or has any other information that could help the investigation, to contact them.

Detective Inspector Mark Pearson, of North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit, said: "We appreciate that time has passed since the attack, but I would ask people, particularly students at the university, to cast their minds back to the early hours of Friday 13 May and contact us if they have any information that could help our investigation. Were you out and about at the time, did you see anyone matching the man's description?

"The victim is receiving support from specially trained officers and partner agencies at this time.

"Sexual attacks by strangers are rare, however, when they do occur, they can cause alarm in the local community. Our advice to anyone who studies, lives or works in the area is to adhere to our usual safety advice when out and about at night. Always stick together with your friends and get a taxi home. For students, the university security staff can help you with taxis and escorts across campus at night."

The local policing team will be carrying out reassurance patrols in the area.
Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Crime Unit. Or pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12160089860 when passing on information.

26 May 2016

Posted on 26 May 2016 at 12:52pm in News stories
