```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-15T16:04:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-15T14:19:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; PCSOs Connor Mattison and David Alexander have recently become mental health champions at North Yorkshire Police and held a pop-up engagement event in Richmond Market Place on Monday 14 December, where they signposted members of the public to organisations that can offer support for people in mental distress. They were also joined by Laura [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/mental-health-two-pcsos.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Mental health champions reach out to rural communities - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/mental-health-champions-reach-out-to-rural-communities/
title: Mental health champions reach out to rural communities
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/mental-health-champions-reach-out-to-rural-communities/
```

Last modified: 15 December 2020 at 04:04pm

Two Police Community Support Officers from Richmond Neighbourhood Policing Team are raising awareness of the help available to support people's mental health.

PCSOs David Alexander and Connor Mattison

PCSOs Connor Mattison and David Alexander have recently become mental health champions at North Yorkshire Police and held a pop-up engagement event in Richmond Market Place on Monday 14 December, where they signposted members of the public to organisations that can offer support for people in mental distress. They were also joined by Laura Hodgson, a Community Safety Officer with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service for part of the day.

PCSOs Mattison and Alexander with Community safety Officer Laura Hodgson from North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service

PCSO Mattison, explained: “We both feel very passionate about the importance of mental health. Under normal circumstances, this time of year can be a difficult for many people, but this year, combined with the effect of the coronavirus pandemic on people’s wellbeing, we felt it was an appropriate time to reach out and raise awareness of the help that is available.

“Becoming a mental health champion allows us to use our knowledge to signpost people to relevant mental health organisations such as Papyrus, ManHealth, Compass, Stepchange, Samaritans, and the Major Incident Response Team.

“We spoke to lots of different people and handed out lots of information and advice, and following the really good engagement levels that we saw in Richmond, we are planning more events in the future at other locations in the district to support our rural communities.”

**Useful links**

Home | Papyrus UK | Suicide Prevention Charity (papyrus-uk.org)

Samaritans | Every life lost to suicide is a tragedy | Here to listen

ManHealth "Time to Listen" | ManHealth provide support to men who experiencing mental health issue. ManHealth provide male peer support groups, training on health inequalities affecting men and campaign to raise awareness about men’s health.

StepChange Debt Charity - Free Expert Debt Advice.

Major incident response team (MIRT) volunteers | North Yorkshire County Council

Posted on 15 December 2020 at 02:19pm in News stories
