```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:12:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-02T14:11:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in York are appealing for a group of six men to come forward who are believed to be vital witnesses to an assault.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vital witnesses sought following assault in Fulford, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-following-assault-fulford-york/
title: Vital witnesses sought following assault in Fulford, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vital-witnesses-sought-following-assault-fulford-york/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:12pm

Police in York are appealing for a group of six men to come forward who are believed to be vital witnesses to an assault.

On the night of Friday 19 February 2016, the group were drinking in the Fulford Arms on Fulford Road in York. They left at around 9.45pm, at the time an assault was taking place in an alleyway next to the pub.

Two of the group then returned to the pub to alert staff that the assault was taking place. The group then left the area, heading down Fulford Road in the direction of Fulford village.

The police and ambulance service were called and the victim, a local man in his forties, was taken to York District Hospital with what were believed to be minor injuries at the time.

Unfortunately the victim's condition has deteriorated over time and he is now in a serious condition in York District Hospital.

Officers want to speak to the group of men including the two who reported the incident to staff at the Fulford Arms. They could have important information that could assist the investigation.

Anyone who believes they are part of the group and anyone else who has any information about the incident, is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police as soon as possible.

Please call 101, select option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160030221 calling.

A 58-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident on 1 March and remains in police custody for questioning.

2 March 2016

Posted on 2 March 2016 at 02:11pm in News stories
