```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-08T19:34:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-08T19:24:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers on patrol spotted a car travelling along Leeds Road towards Harrogate. After officers followed the vehicle into the town, it came to a stop and the passenger ran off from the car, discarding a large amount of suspected cocaine and a mobile phone. He was also found to be in possession of \xA3700. He [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/01/Drugs-7012021-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Business as usual as two suspected &#039;county lines&#039; drug dealers arrested in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/business-as-usual-as-two-suspected-county-lines-drug-dealers-arrested-in-harrogate/
title: Business as usual as two suspected 'county lines' drug dealers arrested in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/business-as-usual-as-two-suspected-county-lines-drug-dealers-arrested-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 8 January 2021 at 07:34pm

Two Leeds men were arrested in Harrogate last night (7 January) after officers from North Yorkshire Police's proactive team, Operation Expedite, intercepted their vehicle.

Officers on patrol spotted a car travelling along Leeds Road towards Harrogate. After officers followed the vehicle into the town, it came to a stop and the passenger ran off from the car, discarding a large amount of suspected cocaine and a mobile phone. He was also found to be in possession of £700.

He was arrested following a short foot chase.

The pair, aged 28 and 44 were both arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply. The driver was also arrested on suspicion of drug driving after a roadside drugs test showed a positive result.

Both men have since been released while under investigation to allow for further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Marcus Dawson of Harrogate Police’s Operation Expedite team, said: “We are sending a clear message to the drug peddling fraternity that despite lockdown, it’s business as usual when it comes to disrupting drug dealing and the misery it causes.

“We urge members of the public to keep on reporting suspicious activity to us, we are still here and still need you to report information to us. If you prefer not to talk to us, remember you can report information to Crimestoppers anonymously.”

Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of drug dealing, including “cuckooing” – where drug dealers take over a vulnerable persons house - in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have. Signs to look out for include:

 * Increased callers at a property
• Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
• Different accents at a property
• Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
• Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
• Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
• Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
• Communal doors propped open

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

Posted on 8 January 2021 at 07:24pm in News stories
