```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-18T14:14:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a handbag that occurred in Whitby, North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal after handbag theft in Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-after-handbag-theft-in-whitby/
title: Police appeal after handbag theft in Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-after-handbag-theft-in-whitby/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft of a handbag that occurred in Whitby, North Yorkshire.

It happened at The Duke of York public house on Church Street, Whitby (the pub at the bottom of the Abbey steps) between 15:15 and 16:10 on Friday 13 February 2015.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who was within the pub on that date around those times who may have seen anyone take the handbag which was left unattended at a small round table situated near the door to the female toilets. We understand the pub was particularly busy between these times.

The handbag is a distressed navy blue leather bag with a silver clasp and contained a number of high value items and a 'Fossil' purse which contained a considerable amount of cash and bank cards.

A blue Samsung Galaxy s5 mobile phone was also within the bag and well as three sets of keys including a car key. One of the keys has a distinctive orange teddy bear key ring attached.

These items are all very distinctive and can easily be identified by the owner, therefore if any of the items sound familiar, or if you have seen someone with them, or been offered the sale of them, we urge you to contact police as the items may be stolen.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Knowles. You can also email nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150024520.

Posted on 18 February 2015 at 02:14pm in News stories
