```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-16T14:01:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The arrests were made right across the region from Scarborough to Skipton between 5.15pm on Wednesday 14 June 2017 and 9.40am Thursday 15 June 2017. Three people were arrested on suspicion of drink driving and two for suspected drug driving. Alarmingly, as at 16 June 2017, nearly 20% of those arrested for drink driving have [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police arrest five in one night for drink and drug driving - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-arrest-five-one-night-drink-drug-driving/
title: Police arrest five in one night for drink and drug driving
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-arrest-five-one-night-drink-drug-driving/
```

Last modified: 16 June 2017 at 02:01pm

As North Yorkshire Police’s Operation Attention reaches its halfway point, officers made five arrests in just one night for drink and drug driving.

The arrests were made right across the region from Scarborough to Skipton between 5.15pm on Wednesday 14 June 2017 and 9.40am Thursday 15 June 2017. Three people were arrested on suspicion of drink driving and two for suspected drug driving.

Alarmingly, as at 16 June 2017, nearly 20% of those arrested for drink driving have been in excess of three times the legal limit of 35ug per 100ml of breath.

Speaking about the progress of the campaign Sgt Andy Morton said;

“We have reached the halfway point of this summer’s operation and so far, everything indicates towards the fact we are going to see the alarming trend of drivers being multiple times the legal limit continuing throughout this year’s campaign.

“We’re not talking about people being a few micrograms over the limit. 55% of the arrests we have made, are drivers who are at least double the legal limit, with the highest reading so far being provided by a 36-year-old man from Leeds who blew 136ug – just under four times the limit.

“With good weather forecast for the weekend, I’m sure we will unfortunately see more instances of people not listening to the warnings and heading out for a few drinks, or taking drugs and sadly getting behind the wheel.

“As ever, North Yorkshire Police Roads Policing Group will be patrolling the regions roads and will be alert to the tell-tale signs of drink or drug driving. Those drivers who continue to put themselves and others at risk – please consider yourself warned. We are equipped to locate and arrest you and we will prosecute you.”

Posted on 16 June 2017 at 02:01pm in News stories
