```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-15T11:22:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after stabbing another man outside a pub in High Hawsker near Whitby
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: High Hawsker man jailed for pub stabbing - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/high-hawsker-man-jailed-for-pub-stabbing/
title: High Hawsker man jailed for pub stabbing
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/high-hawsker-man-jailed-for-pub-stabbing/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A man has been jailed after stabbing another man outside a pub in High Hawsker near Whitby

Michael Charles Turford, aged 32 and of Back Lane, High Hawsker, was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment at York Crown Court on Monday 16 February 2015, after being found guilty of wounding with intent.

He was sentenced to a further two years, to run concurrently, for possession of a knife.

Turford attacked his victim, a 30-year-old man from Derbyshire, outside the Hare and Hounds at around 10pm on Sunday 20 April 2014, stabbing him three times in the chest and abdomen. Turford had earlier been involved in an incident with the victim, during which he was aggressive towards his family dog.

He fled the scene of the incident leaving the victim with serious injuries, and was arrested in the early hours of the following morning.

Detective Sergeant Ash Khan, of North Yorkshire Police's Major Crime Unit, said: "I am satisfied with the verdict of the jury and the sentence which has been passed by the court for what was a very violent attack on the victim by Michael Turford.

"Turford was involved in an earlier incident where he had been aggressive and cruel towards a family dog belonging to the victim. After going to confront Turford, the victim was stabbed three times causing significant injuries to his chest and abdomen area even though he had been wearing several layers of clothing.

"The evidence gathered by the Major Crime Unit clearly showed that this was not a case of self -defence as Turford had claimed.

"This case demonstrates the dangers and consequences of people carrying a knife and hopefully Michael Turford will use his time in prison to reflect on his actions.

"I hope that the sentence passed in this case acts as a deterrent to others who carry knives."

The victim has since made a full physical recovery from his injuries.

Posted on 15 February 2016 at 11:22am in News stories
