```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-25T13:42:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-25T13:26:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Christopher John Coakley, 28, of Clipstone, Nottinghamshire has today (Thursday 25 July) been sentenced to eight years in prison for the manslaughter of 47-year-old Whitby man, Anthony John Welford. Around 12.05am on Sunday 24 February 2019, Coakley assaulted Mr Welford outside Porto Pizza on Windsor Terrace in Whitby causing him to fall and sustain a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Christopher-John-Coakley-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Attacker sentenced to eight years in jail after killing man in brutal Whitby assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attacker-sentenced-to-eight-years-in-jail-after-killing-man-in-brutal-whitby-assault/
title: Attacker sentenced to eight years in jail after killing man in brutal Whitby assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attacker-sentenced-to-eight-years-in-jail-after-killing-man-in-brutal-whitby-assault/
```

Last modified: 25 July 2019 at 02:42pm

A man has been sentenced for manslaughter after viciously attacking a 47-year-old man outside a pizza takeaway in Whitby leaving him with fatal injuries.

Christopher John Coakley

Christopher John Coakley, 28, of Clipstone, Nottinghamshire has today (Thursday 25 July) been sentenced to eight years in prison for the manslaughter of 47-year-old Whitby man, Anthony John Welford.

Around 12.05am on Sunday 24 February 2019, Coakley assaulted Mr Welford outside Porto Pizza on Windsor Terrace in Whitby causing him to fall and sustain a serious head injury. Coakley then left the scene whilst members of the public went to Mr Welford’s aid, calling an ambulance and putting him in the recovery position.

Mr Welford was transported James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough where it was found he had suffered severe brain damage as a result of the head injury. He remained in a critical condition and died four days later from his injury.

Coakley was arrested shortly after the attack and charged with murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. Coakley was sentenced at Leeds Crown Court today.

Speaking about the case, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder of North Yorkshire Police, said: “This was an extremely tragic case where a man has lost his life at the hands of an aggressive attacker who then fled the scene showing no thought to the consequences of his actions. The sentence given to Coakley reflects the seriousness of the offence he committed and the life-changing consequences for Mr Welford’s family. I hope this gives the family some closure to what has been a very difficult and distressing time.”

Posted on 25 July 2019 at 02:26pm in News stories
