```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-12-10T15:06:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers conducted vehicle checks and roadside breath tests\_and delivered safety advice to drivers during the day of action, which was named Operation Basingstoke. Specials from the two forces operated two roadside checkpoints on the A172 near to Stokesley and the A67 near Kirklevington. With the assistance of automatic number plate recognition cameras (ANPR), officers targeted [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/12/Grou-pic-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cleveland &amp; North Yorkshire Special Constables join forces to tackle road safety - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cleveland-north-yorkshire-special-constables-join-forces-to-tackle-road-safety/
title: Cleveland & North Yorkshire Special Constables join forces to tackle road safety
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cleveland-north-yorkshire-special-constables-join-forces-to-tackle-road-safety/
```

Last modified: 10 December 2018 at 03:06pm

Officers from both Cleveland and North Yorkshire Special Constabularies joined forces on Saturday 8 December 2018, to target drink drivers and those driving without tax, insurance or in unroadworthy vehicles.

Officers conducted vehicle checks and roadside breath tests and delivered safety advice to drivers during the day of action, which was named Operation Basingstoke.

Specials from the two forces operated two roadside checkpoints on the A172 near to Stokesley and the A67 near Kirklevington.

With the assistance of automatic number plate recognition cameras (ANPR), officers targeted vehicles without tax or insurance, as well as conducting checks on tyres and break lights to ensure vehicles were in safe and roadworthy condition.

The day of action resulted in a number of vehicles being seized and drivers reported for various offences including;

 * 5 vehicles seized for no tax / no insurance
 * 14 drivers were breathalysed
 * 11 vehicles issues with documentation to produce / repair defects e.g. lights, number plate

Special Chief Inspector James Ruddock from Cleveland Police said, “These operations really highlight the excellent contribution that Special Constables can make. All officers involved are committed to helping keep their communities safe. Working together enables us to share experience and skills and helps both forces. Cleveland and North Yorkshire Special Constables work together on numerous operations throughout the year and will continue to do so.”

Special Inspector Phill Brette of North Yorkshire Police said “Road safety forms an integral part of policing. The checkpoints enabled officers to deal with drivers who were committing traffic offences and deal with vehicles that were in an unsafe state. Everyone has to pay road tax, insurance and ensure they have a valid licence to drive, so why should a small amount of people in society feel they can opt out? These operations are not about persecution, they simply serve to educate drivers and ensure that everyone is driving safely and legally.

“I would like to thank all the drivers and riders who may have seen us carrying out the operation and the patience they showed whilst we were dealing with road related offences.”

If you would like to find out more about the work of North Yorkshire or Cleveland Specials, you can follow them on Twitter @CPSpecials and @Hambspecials

The team ready to head out and conduct roadside checks

A vehicle being seized

An untaxed vehicle

Special Constables working at the checkpoint

Posted on 10 December 2018 at 03:06pm in News stories
