```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-08T11:14:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-08T09:34:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The incident happened around 1.30am on Valley Bridge in Scarborough and involved a 67-plate black Audi A5 S Line soft top convertible. When required to stop, the vehicle made off at speed in the direction of the town centre and onto Northway. It was later recovered after being found abandoned on Ashville Avenue. Following initial [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Black-Audi-convertible.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses after vehicle failed to stop in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-vehicle-failed-to-stop-in-scarborough/
title: Appeal for witnesses after vehicle failed to stop in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-after-vehicle-failed-to-stop-in-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 8 November 2019 at 11:14am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information after a vehicle failed to stop for officers on Valley Bridge

The incident happened around 1.30am on Valley Bridge in Scarborough and involved a 67-plate black Audi A5 S Line soft top convertible. When required to stop, the vehicle made off at speed in the direction of the town centre and onto Northway. It was later recovered after being found abandoned on Ashville Avenue.

Following initial enquiries, a 35-year-old man from Suffolk was arrested and has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the vehicle prior to or following the incident to get in touch. In particular, we would like to hear from anyone who may have seen the vehicle being abandoned on Ashville Avenue or has any video or dashcam footage of its movements beforehand.

Investigating officer PC Liam Cromack, said, "Whilst a male suspect has been arrested in connection with this offence, I am still keen to hear from anyone who may have information that could help the investigation.

"I am appealing for anyone who was out and about in the town centre around that time and may have witnessed the vehicle driving to come forward. I also wish to ask owners of CCTV cameras or dashcam devices to check for any footage around the time of the incident.

"Even the smallest piece of information could be extremely useful."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Liam Cromack. You can also email direct on liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190205306.

Follow us on Twitter: @PC456NYP

Contact details:
 Liam Cromack \- #456
liam.cromack@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, option 2, "456" | 07741802571
Incident reference:
 12190205306
Posted on 8 November 2019 at 09:34am in Local appeals
