```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-29T11:22:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-29T11:20:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first arrest came at 4.40am, when a dark coloured BMW 3 series was spotted by CCTV being driven suspiciously around the city centre and travelling the wrong way down one way roads. Police were contacted and officers attempted to locate the vehicle, which was sighted in the Burton Green area of York. On successfully [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three drink drivers arrested in an hour in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-drink-drivers-arrested-hour-york/
title: Three drink drivers arrested in an hour in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-drink-drivers-arrested-hour-york/
```

Last modified: 29 September 2017 at 12:22pm

Police in York had a busy overnight shift, making three arrests for drink driving between the hours of 4.30am and 5.30am, Friday 29 September 2017.

The first arrest came at 4.40am, when a dark coloured BMW 3 series was spotted by CCTV being driven suspiciously around the city centre and travelling the wrong way down one way roads.

Police were contacted and officers attempted to locate the vehicle, which was sighted in the Burton Green area of York.

On successfully locating the car, which contained two men both from York, the 21-year-old driver was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and taken to Fulford Road Police Station where he was breathalysed and returned a reading of 59ug of alcohol per 100ml of breath. He currently remains in custody.

On further examination of the CCTV footage, officers identified that the other man in the car, another 21-year-old man from York, had also driven the car through the city centre. They returned to the registered keepers address and arrested him on suspicion of drink driving. He also remains in police custody.

The third arrest was made at 5.30am when a silver Ford Ka was spotted by officers driving in the Scarcroft Road area of York, without any headlights on.

Officers stopped the vehicle and conducted a roadside breath test and found the 26-year-old male driver from York to be over the specified limit for alcohol, as he blew 84ug of alcohol per 100ml of breath.

He was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and also on suspicion of driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and of taking a vehicle without the owners consent and currently remains in police custody.

Posted on 29 September 2017 at 12:20pm in News stories
