```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-06T15:35:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police officers and staff will be once again taking part in York Pride.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/DAr6IFZW0AAXwxu1-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police gears up for York Pride - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-gears-up-for-york-pride/
title: North Yorkshire Police gears up for York Pride
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-gears-up-for-york-pride/
```

Last modified: 6 June 2019 at 04:35pm

More than twenty North Yorkshire Police officers and staff will once again this weekend (Saturday 8 June) be donning their rainbow flags and teaming up with representatives from Yorkshire Ambulance Service and North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service to take part in York Pride 2019.

Officers will be joined by Volunteer Police Cadets for the first time this year as they take to the streets of York with their rainbow flag adorned police van and the ‘Bobby Dazzler’ glitter ball helmet, loaned by the Greater Manchester Police.

As well as taking part in the Parade, North Yorkshire Police Chief Constable Lisa Winward will be officially launching the force’s LGBT+ Ally Programme on the day which aims to create a safe and inclusive environment for staff and officers of all sexual identities and genders.

The LGBT+ Ally Programme is led by the force’s LGBT+ Network and is open to any person within North Yorkshire Police who supports its vision and mission. An LGBT+ Ally is someone who doesn’t identify as LGBT+ however actively supports the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender community and works to end discrimination and promote equality through acting as an advocate for LGBT+ individuals.

The York Pride Parade will culminate at the Knavesmire around 1pm where members of North Yorkshire Police will be hosting a stand for visitors to find out more about the force’s recent recruitment drive and even try on the uniform for those all-important selfies!

The North Yorkshire Police van, painted with the colours of the vibrant rainbow flag, is a fully operational police vehicle which attends police incidents, but is also used by neighbourhood policing teams for local engagement events. Decked with the Policing with Pride logo, the van also carries messages around hate crime reporting and displays the force’s LGBT + network @NYP_LGBT

North Yorkshire Police Sergeant Sandy Scott is looking forward to Saturday’s event. She said:

“This will be the third year we’ve taken part in York Pride which is a fantastic opportunity to celebrate inclusivity and diversity within the force as well as highlighting our vibrant and motivated LGBT + network.

“We’re proud to have so many Police officers and staff in the Parade this year, all of whom are proud to be marching as part of our incredible LGBT+ community or as amazing and supportive allies. North Yorkshire Police welcomes and supports everyone, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity – whether staff and officers or the communities we serve.

“We are committed to stopping the type of victimisation that sadly some LGBT+ people are subjected to on a daily basis and want anyone who may experience this to feel comfortable coming forward and making a report to the police.

“If you’re visiting or taking part in York Pride on Saturday then we’d love you to come and say hello!”

North Yorkshire Police Officers and Staff will also be taking part in Harrogate Pride on Saturday 15 June.

Anyone with information about hate crime should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or in an emergency always call 999.

You can also seek advice and guidance from Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire. Visit supportingvictims.org for more information.

Posted on 6 June 2019 at 04:35pm in News stories
