```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-11-27T12:41:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Across the county, handguns, shotguns, air rifles, a shotgun disguised as a walking stick, ornamental swords, a bayonet and a cross-bow were just some of the weapons that had been surrendered to the force\u2019s police stations. Between Monday 13 November and Sunday 26 November 2017, forces across the country took part in the surrender which [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/IMG_0511-770x1024.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Final results from weapons surrender revealed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/final-results-weapons-surrender-revealed/
title: Final results from weapons surrender revealed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/final-results-weapons-surrender-revealed/
```

Last modified: 27 November 2017 at 12:41pm

Hundreds of weapons have been handed in to North Yorkshire Police during a two-week surrender.

Across the county, handguns, shotguns, air rifles, a shotgun disguised as a walking stick, ornamental swords, a bayonet and a cross-bow were just some of the weapons that had been surrendered to the force’s police stations.

Between Monday 13 November and Sunday 26 November 2017, forces across the country took part in the surrender which was co-ordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS).

The surrender gave members of the public the chance to dispose of a firearm or ammunition by simply taking it to a local designated police station and handing it in anonymously.

In North Yorkshire, and the wider Yorkshire and Humberside region, police are also accepted other weapons including knives, ammunition and other offensive weapons.

In total 229 weapons and a significant amount of both shotgun and conventional firearms ammunition have been handed in to North Yorkshire Police in addition to four flares and a fork. They included:

**Firearms**

 * Three handguns
 * 51 shotguns
 * 74 replica / imitation handguns / air pistols
 * 34 air rifles
 * Four rifles
 * A replica Thompson submachine gun
 * A replica AK47
 * Two shotguns disguised as a walking stick
 * One antique firearm
 * One gun used in connection with animal slaughter

******Other non-firearm weapons**

 * **** Eight ornamental swords
 * 46 knives (including basic household knives, hunting knives, ceremonial daggers)
 * One cross bow
 * One bayonet

**Other items handed in**

 * Four flares
 * A fork

Sergeant Dave France of North Yorkshire Police said:

“We’re really pleased with the response we’ve had to this year’s surrender.

“We’ve had 30% more firearms handed in this time around compared to our last surrender in 2014 and that doesn’t include the non-firearms that have been surrendered.

“Every weapon has the potential to fall into the wrong hands and have a devastating impact, even those that are overlooked and forgotten in people’s homes, and so it’s reassuring to know that 231 weapons are now off the street safely.

“We’re particularly impressed with the amount of shotguns which have been handed in which is quite a significant figure and many of which may have been collecting dust in attics and sheds.

“Just one weapon off the streets is one less that can be used to harm or threaten our communities and has the potential to save a life.”

Guns, weapons and ammunition could be surrendered at designated police stations across North Yorkshire for the duration of the two-week surrender.

If you know of anyone involved with illegal firearms or other offensive weapons please call police on 101 or Crimestoppers (anonymously) on 0800 555 111.

**Images: A selection of the weapons and ammunition handed in across the county**

Posted on 27 November 2017 at 12:41pm in News stories
