```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-03T14:14:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-03T14:07:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A 44-year-old man from Hull was arrested on the night of Sunday 2 July 2017, he has since been released on bail to allow for further enquiries to be carried out. The stolen cash machine has been recovered from the village of Burton Fleming in East Yorkshire along with a stolen, white, Tata pick-up that [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Hunmanby cash machine theft \u2013 man arrested and detectives appeal for further information - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hunmanby-cash-machine-theft-man-arrested-detectives-appeal-information/
title: "Hunmanby cash machine theft \u2013 man arrested and detectives appeal for further information"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hunmanby-cash-machine-theft-man-arrested-detectives-appeal-information/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2017 at 03:14pm

Officers have arrested a man in connection with the theft of a cash machine from the Cooperative Store in Hunmanby near Filey on 30 June 2017 and have issued a fresh appeal for information.

A 44-year-old man from Hull was arrested on the night of Sunday 2 July 2017, he has since been released on bail to allow for further enquiries to be carried out.

The stolen cash machine has been recovered from the village of Burton Fleming in East Yorkshire along with a stolen, white, Tata pick-up that it was transported on.

The pick-up was stolen from the village of Seamer near Scarborough in the hours leading up to the theft.

The yellow telehandler - which looks like a small digger - that was used to remove the cash machine from the wall of store, was stolen from a field near Burton Fleming.

Detectives have issued a number of appeals to members of the public. They would like to hear from anyone who:

 * may have seen the cash machine being dumped in the village of Burton Fleming in the early hours of Friday 30 June
 * witnessed the telehandler being stolen from a field near Burton Fleming
 * saw a green coloured car travelling in the area between 9pm on Thursday 29 June and 4am on Friday 30 June 2017
 * has 'dash cam' footage or CCTV in the villages surrounding Hunmanby that could assist the investigation.

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Scarborough Serious Crime Team. Or email jon.kenworthy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimetoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170114150 when passing on information.

The arrested man has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

Posted on 3 July 2017 at 03:07pm in News stories
