```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-01T16:17:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Gemma Louise Mitchell, aged 24, was dealt with at Sheffield Crown Court on Monday (29 October 2018). She was handed a 12-month community order which states she has to reside at rehabilitation premises in Scarborough for six months. Mitchell is also subject to a three-year criminal behaviour order which prohibits her from entering York within [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Gemma-Louise-Mitchell-dob14-01-1994-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Prolific burglar banned from York for three years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/prolific-burglar-banned-from-york-for-three-years/
title: Prolific burglar banned from York for three years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/prolific-burglar-banned-from-york-for-three-years/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2018 at 04:17pm

A woman has been banned from York for three years after pleading guilty to a series of burglary and fraud by false representation offences.

Gemma Louise Mitchell, aged 24, was dealt with at Sheffield Crown Court on Monday (29 October 2018).

She was handed a 12-month community order which states she has to reside at rehabilitation premises in Scarborough for six months.

Mitchell is also subject to a three-year criminal behaviour order which prohibits her from entering York within the boundaries of the A1237 and A64, and she is banned from non-public areas of any shop or business in England and Wales.

Her offending occurred throughout June this year when she targeted 13 businesses and organisations in York.

She gained access to staff areas and stole wallets and purses. She used bank and credit cards on five occasions to make fraudulent contactless payments and cash withdrawals.

Her targets included including Clementhorpe Health Centre on Cherry Street on 11 June, Poundworld and Holland and Barratt on Coney Street on 16 June, All Saints RC School on Nunnery Lane on 18 and 21 June, the Whippet Inn, North Street, on 22 June, and the Botanist pub, Stonegate, on 24 June.

The total number of offences she was sentenced for included three burglaries and three fraud by false representations which she admitted and asked to be take into consideration.

DC Alastair Foy, of the York and Selby Investigation Hub, said: “Gemma Mitchell’s prolific offending has caused a great deal of upset and anxiety to her victims in York. It is only right that she has to face up to the consequence of her actions and do everything she can to move away from a life of crime.”

Posted on 1 November 2018 at 04:17pm in News stories
