```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-13T10:35:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in York City Centre.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft from Masala Craft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-masala-craft/
title: Theft from Masala Craft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-masala-craft/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a theft that occurred in York City Centre.

It happened at Masala Craft Indian Restaurant on King Street at 11.15pm on Saturday 7 October 2017 and involved a group of eight people - four men and four women.

The group consumed food and drink which cost a considerable amount of money and made off from the restaurant without making any attempt to pay for their bill. They did not leave any personal details for the staff at Masala Craft.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspect names and anyone who was in the restaurant at the time to come forward.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Amy Foster You can also email amy.foster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170180219.

Date 13/10/2017

Contact details:
 Amy Foster \- #1116
amyfoster@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31116
Incident reference:
 12170180219
Posted on 13 October 2017 at 11:35am in Local appeals
