```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T12:48:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-18T12:48:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man who subjected a young girl to a prolonged period of sexual abuse has been jailed for 20 years.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&#039;Vile and dangerous paedophile&#039; jailed for 20 years - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vile-dangerous-paedophile-jailed-20-years/
title: '''Vile and dangerous paedophile'' jailed for 20 years'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vile-dangerous-paedophile-jailed-20-years/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 12:48pm

A man who subjected a young girl to a prolonged period of sexual abuse has been jailed for 20 years.

Andrew Dale Iveson, aged 48 and of Anchorage Hill, Richmond, was sentenced at Teesside Crown Court on Wednesday 17 June 2015, after being found guilty of nine child sex offences, eleven counts of rape and five other sexual offences.

The victim was aged under 10 at the time the abuse began in 2005 and Iveson continued to sexually assault her until 2013 when she was into her teens.

Iveson, who worked as a relationship therapist also forced his pet dog onto the victim.

Following sentencing Detective Inspector Shaun Page, of North Yorkshire Police, condemned Iveson for the ordeal he had subjected his victim to.

He said: "Andrew Iveson is guilty of some of the most horrific abuse I have ever dealt with during my 19 years as a police officer.

"The ordeal he put his victim through when she should have been enjoying her childhood was downright evil and I can only describe him as a monster.

"I would like to acknowledge the bravery of the victim for coming forward and telling the police what happened to her. Her courage has ensured that a vile and dangerous paedophile has been jailed for a long period of time.

"I hope that she can now begin to rebuild her life with the knowledge that justice has been done.

"This was a sensitive and harrowing investigation and I would also commend the investigating officer in the case, DC Gillian Gowling, for her professionalism and dedication."

Iveson was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life.

If you are the victim of sexual abuse contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. We have specially trained officers who will treat your case with sensitivity and in confidence.

If you prefer to remain anonymous, Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

You can also get help at the Sexual Offences Referral Centre (SARC), which is also known as Bridge House. At Bridge House you can get the help, support and advice you need without having to go directly to the police.

You can get in touch with Bridge House on 01904 669339 or visitwww.turntobridgehouse.org

**18 June 2015**

Posted on 18 June 2015 at 12:48pm in News stories
