```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-05T13:45:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-05T13:26:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We know that lockdown presents different stresses and strains for each of us \u2013 parents juggling home schooling while working from home, our older generation feeling isolated and lonely, children worrying about school and exams and young adults, who are just starting out in the world, worried about their future employment, prospects and opportunities. Having [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/man-head-in-hands.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Support for young adults finding lockdown tough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/support-for-young-adults-finding-lockdown-tough/
title: Support for young adults finding lockdown tough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/support-for-young-adults-finding-lockdown-tough/
```

Last modified: 5 February 2021 at 01:45pm

The past year has been a struggle for everyone and Covid has changed all our lives in ways that we could never imagine.

We know that lockdown presents different stresses and strains for each of us – parents juggling home schooling while working from home, our older generation feeling isolated and lonely, children worrying about school and exams and young adults, who are just starting out in the world, worried about their future employment, prospects and opportunities. Having to handle all of this while feeling cut off from friends and family too, isn’t easy.

A recent article published by the BBC spoke to a group of 18-30 year olds about whether feeling lonely and like there isn’t much left to lose, had led them to break the Covid restrictions and meet up with their friends or attend a party. It’s certainly something that our enforcement data seems to support. Since the third national lockdown began on 6 January 2021 just under 80% of the fines we’ve handed out have been to people aged between 18-35 and just under 50% have been to people from different households meeting up indoors.

So, our operational lead for mental health, Sergeant Elaine Malcolm has pulled some resources together that might just help in those moments where people feel down and lonely and perhaps tempted to break the rules.

**People to talk to**

 * Papyrus is a charity which supports young people and works to prevent young suicide. Their website has lots of information about how to take care of yourself during lockdown and tips on how to safely stay in touch with friends through group chats and video calls. On the flip side, it also has advice on how to avoid the ‘crawling the walls’ feeling and find some valuable space and ‘me’ time in a busy lockdown home which may be crowded with other family members. They also run a confidential support and advice line called HopelineUK (0800 0684141) that can help young people under the age of 35 who may be struggling. Visit their website www.papyrus-uk.org for more info.
 * The Go-To is a hub of wellbeing and mental health support for young people which has been provided by local NHS services. It’s got lots of information on how to keep yourself feeling good, tips on mindfulness and a very useful list of apps which can help you manage your health and wellbeing – www.thegoto.org.uk
 * Kooth is an online mental health community which supports young people up to the age of 24. The site offers free, safe and anonymous support, where people can connect with each other, share experiences through discussion boards, log their feelings through an online journal or take part in a live chat with the Kooth team about anything that’s on their mind – www.kooth.com
 * Every seven seconds the Samaritans answer a call for help. Available 24/7 to anyone who is struggling to cope, they are there to listen and support without judgement or pressure. Their website also offers lots of information about ways to cope with lockdown and how to take care of yourself and your mental health - www.samaritans.org
 * Qwell is an online resource which offers a safe and confidential space to share experiences and gain support from qualified professionals and the wider Qwell community. Qwell for Men has also recently been launched in the Humber, Coast and Vale areas and is a service which specifically supports men, by providing free and anonymous online counselling sessions. Find out more here - Home - Qwell
 * Shout 85258 is a free confidential, 24/7 text messaging support service for anyone who is finding is hard to cope. Just text the number and a trained Shout volunteer will respond to you, day or night. They can help with a number of issues including depression, anxiety, panic attacks, relationship problems and self-harm. You can find out more by visiting their website www.giveusashout.org

Speaking about the support services available, Sergeant Malcolm said;

“These are just a few of the agencies who are standing by, ready to talk and offer support and advice for anyone who is feeling the stresses and strains of lockdown life. If you don’t think the agencies we’ve listed are quite right for you, just search on the internet and you’ll see how many services there are out there, that you can engage with at any time of the day or night.

“The most important thing is to talk to someone. Pick up the phone, arrange a Zoom call or text friends, family or work colleagues or contact one of these agencies. You are not alone and you are not the only person that is finding life challenging at the moment. Just talking to someone can have a huge impact on your wellbeing. And that’s another thing – be kind to yourself, give yourself a break and do positive things that can help your wellbeing. The NHS has some great advice on how you can improve your mental wellbeing here - Top Tips To Improve Your Mental Wellbeing | One You (www.nhs.uk)

“This time will pass, and it will pass all the quicker if we can stick together and carry on following the rules to stay home, protect the nhs and save lives.”

#StayHomeStaySafeSaveLives #TimeToTalk

Posted on 5 February 2021 at 01:26pm in News stories
