```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-21T12:15:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following two fatal collisions on the same road yesterday, Saturday 20 October 2018.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after two bikers die in collisions on A65 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-two-bikers-die-in-collisions-on-a65/
title: Appeal for information after two bikers die in collisions on A65
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-two-bikers-die-in-collisions-on-a65/
```

Last modified: 21 October 2018 at 01:15pm

Police are appealing for information following two fatal collisions on the same road yesterday, Saturday 20 October 2018.

The first collision happened at 2.45pm on the A65 near Ingleton, in the direction of Kirby Lonsdale. The incident involved three cars; a red VW, a black Audi S3 and a blue Saab 93, and a blue Yamaha YZF—R1 motorcycle.

Sadly, the rider of the motorcycle, a 38 year old man from Merseyside, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of the red VW, an 83 year old woman from Keighley, was arrested in connection with the incident. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to work at the scene and it reopened at around 10pm.

Anyone who saw the incident or who saw any of the vehicles prior to the collision is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Sergeant Hamish Halloway or Traffic Constable 771 Steven James. Alternatively, you can email steven.james771@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk Please quote reference number 12180196523 when passing on any information.

The second collision happened at 5.40pm on the A65 just south of Settle and involved a silver Citroen Berlingo and a blue Suzuki GSX 1250 motorcycle.

The rider of the motorcycle, a 61 year old man from Leeds, was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by Air Ambulance, but sadly died a short time later.

The driver of the Citroen, a 45 year old man from Leeds, was uninjured.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to work at the scene and it reopened at around 2am on Sunday 21 October 2018.

Anyone who saw the incident or who saw either of the vehicles prior to the collision is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Sergeant Hamish Halloway. Alternatively you can email Hamish.halloway@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk Please quote reference number 12180196653.

Sergeant Hamish Halloway from the Major Collision Investigation Team said;

“Both of these devastating incidents happened on the A65 in the Craven area within a few hours of each other. I am appealing to anyone who was travelling on the A65 yesterday to get in touch with North Yorkshire Police. Even if you did not witness the collisions, you might have some information which could assist the investigations into these tragic events.

“Please call 101 with any information, quoting the reference numbers. If you are out of the North Yorkshire Area then please dial 101, press the hash key and say “North Yorkshire Police”.

“My thoughts remain with all those involved in the collisions, especially with those who have lost a loved one”.

Posted on 21 October 2018 at 01:15pm in News stories
