```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-20T09:09:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-15T09:08:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have described the persecution of red kites as &quot;totally unacceptable&quot;, after another bird was found shot.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/redkite-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Red kite persecution &quot;nothing short of disgraceful&quot; after another bird found dead - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/red-kite-persecution-nothing-short-disgraceful-another-bird-found-dead/
title: Red kite persecution "nothing short of disgraceful" after another bird found dead
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/red-kite-persecution-nothing-short-disgraceful-another-bird-found-dead/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2016 at 09:09am

Police have described the persecution of red kites as "totally unacceptable", after another bird was found shot.

On Monday, a member of the public found a dead adult red kite at Timble Ings, between Harrogate and Skipton. It was taken to a vet to be examined and x-rayed. A number of shot gun pellets were found in it, and this appears to have been the cause of its death.

In the last two months, six red kites have been shot or died in circumstances that suggest poisoning in North Yorkshire.

The red kite found at Timble Ings will have been killed some time before it was found, and police are appealing for information to help bring those responsible to justice.

PC Gareth Jones, Wildlife Crime Co-ordinator at North Yorkshire Police, said: "Red kites are majestic birds, and it is wonderful to see them soaring in the skies above North Yorkshire. It has taken many years to re-introduce them after they were persecuted to extinction in the UK.

"The extent of persecution of these birds is nothing short of disgraceful, and people will quite rightly be shocked by these cruel and totally unacceptable criminal acts."

Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour at Timble Ings approximately two weeks ago to contact them. Please dial 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Gareth Jones, or email gareth.jones1237@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**15 June 2016**

Posted on 15 June 2016 at 09:08am in News stories
