```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-10T13:04:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties. \u201CSpecials\u201D as they are known, come from all walks of life and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/SC-Nadine-Slattery-4-1024x726.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Special Constable recruitment opens 10 Ocotber 2016 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-constable-recruitment-opens-10-ocotber-2016/
title: Special Constable recruitment opens 10 Ocotber 2016
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/special-constable-recruitment-opens-10-ocotber-2016/
```

Last modified: 10 October 2016 at 01:04pm

North Yorkshire Police is looking to recruit at least 70 new Special Constables when it opens recruitment on Monday 10 October 2016.

View image

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who have the same uniform and powers as regular (paid) police officers. They volunteer a minimum of 16 hours per month to policing York and North Yorkshire and carry out a full range of operational, front-line duties.

“Specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and backgrounds which means that they bring with them a whole host of skills and abilities which complement those of their full-time colleagues.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, who is also the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s lead for Citizens in Policing, said: “Being a Special Constable is a challenging but extremely rewarding role.

“As well as playing a key role in increasing a police presence in our communities, being a special is a great way to develop skills for life and make new friends.

“You will face situations that most people will not see in their lifetime. You will need to draw on your resilience, compassion and judgement, but with that goes the satisfaction of knowing you have made a difference to people’s lives.

“It’s one of the most interesting, demanding and rewarding volunteer role you can do. North Yorkshire Police has a clear determination to expand the opportunities and roles available within our Special Constabulary. So if you want to make a real difference in your community, this is the volunteer role for you.”

Specials go through a rigorous training programme before they qualify to go out on the beat where they cover a wide range of duties from policing public events, to attending emergency incidents.

They can also choose to undertake further training and specialise in a particular area of policing such as public order, (policing protests, football matches etc), roads policing and joining our Rural Task Force.

Training as a Special Constable can take up to two years. Initial training takes around 19 weeks and involves weekend training sessions that culminate in a week-long course to consolidate everything the students have learnt. Students who successfully complete this initial training will then be attested – which means they swear an oath in front of a Magistrate - and are issued with their warrant cards and uniform. They then spend up to two years on the beat under the guidance of their tutor constable as a probationer Special Constable. During this time they must successfully complete a file of evidence of their experience called Student Officer Learning and Assessment Portfolio (SOLAP).

Trainee Special Constable Paramjit Bilkhu - also known as Pinki – a 32-year-old retail store manager from Leeds, is a student Special Constable with North Yorkshire Police. She is sharing her experiences through an online blog as she goes through her demanding training schedule. To read her blog or apply to join, visit _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/specials_

North Yorkshire Police currently has 150 attested specials, 21 in training and a further 28 awaiting training.

A recent recruitment campaign for regular police officer saw a number of our Special Constables successfully apply to become full-time police officers. 20 of them attended their passing out parade last week.

Posted on 10 October 2016 at 01:04pm in News stories
