```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:04:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-14T12:51:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh welcomed 14 new officers to North Yorkshire Police, at a ceremony held at Police HQ on Friday 12 June 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/All_student_officer_03.14-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 14 new officers ready to serve North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-new-officers-ready-serve-north-yorkshire/
title: 14 new officers ready to serve North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/14-new-officers-ready-serve-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 01:04pm

Assistant Chief Constable Ken McIntosh welcomed 14 new officers to North Yorkshire Police, at a ceremony held at Police HQ on Friday 12 June 2015.

The new officers have successfully completed their 20 week intensive training and are now ready to take up their new posts and begin serving their communities.

The rigorous 20 week course is designed to equip the new recruits with everything they need to start their careers. The Certificate of Knowledge in Policing covers law, personal safety, search techniques, public order, first aid and ends with a local community placement.

ACC Ken McIntosh said "Today is a celebration of a major achievement for these new officers. The application and training process is highly competitive and we only accept the very best candidates to North Yorkshire Police, they and their families should be very proud. They now embark on what will prove to be a very rewarding career and will learn what a privilege it is to serve the people of North Yorkshire."

This now bring the total number of new officers this year up to 28, with another course planned in November, demonstrating the commitment North Yorkshire Police has to the continued recruitment and training of Police Officers.

The new recruits bring a wealth of experience with them from backgrounds in Financial Services & Banking, the Army and Prison Service, with some of them already having served as Community Support Officers, Police Staff or Special Constables.

9 of the new officers will be based in York with the remaining 5 heading to Scarborough. They are:

 * 143 Neil Brabbs - York
 * 144 Patrick Crehan - York
 * 150 Kristoffer Griffiths - York
 * 155 Michael Haydock - York
 * 225 James Mills - York
 * 232 Matthew Marshall - York
 * 324 Samuel Preston - York
 * 326 Amy Price - York
 * 328 Matthew Roebuck - York
 * 330 Ashley Verrill - Scarborough
 * 335 Robert Wardle - Scarborough
 * 159 Alex Jepson - Scarborough
 * 218 Lucy Kyme - Scarborough
 * 320 Stephanie Palmer - Scarborough

Posted on 14 June 2015 at 12:51pm in News stories
