```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:01:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-17T10:00:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A new police Facebook page has been launched to help keep students at York&#039;s universities safe and secure.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police take to Facebook to keep students safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-take-facebook-keep-students-safe/
title: North Yorkshire Police take to Facebook to keep students safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-take-facebook-keep-students-safe/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:01am

A new police Facebook page has been launched to help keep students at York's universities safe and secure.

North Yorkshire is the safest place in the country, but students can become victims of crime like anyone else - so as the new academic year gets underway, police are taking to the social network to offer them support and advice.

The NYP Universities page is online at facebook.com/NYPUnis, and anyone attending university in York is invited to 'like' it and get to know their local police team.

Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police, said: "Students at York's universities are coming to the safest area in the country. However, living away from home for the first time can be quite a culture shock, and it's really important that they follow simple crime prevention steps to keep themselves and their property safe.

"Our team will use the new Facebook page to share safety tips, crime alerts and details of opportunities to get their property marked. It's also a great place for students to get to know their local officers and PCSOs in case they do ever need to get in touch with us."

The new Facebook page complements the existing NYP Universities Twitter account, at twitter.com/NYPYorkUnis.

Students - and their parents - are also invited to use the force's web app, NYP@Uni, which features property security checklists; videos about burglary and identity theft; and step-by-step guides to personal safety. To download NYP@Uni for free, visit uni.nyp.mobi on any phone, tablet or PC.

In 2014, North Yorkshire Police's online communications campaign to keep students safe was a finalist in the Suzy Lamplugh Trust National Personal Safety Awards.

Visit the new Facebook page at facebook.com/NYPUnis. You can also find the force's main Facebook page atfacebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice - which is already liked by more than 50,000 people.

**17 September 2015**

Posted on 17 September 2015 at 10:00am in News stories
