```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T11:20:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-05T11:19:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced today (Thursday 5 May 2016) at Teesside Crown Court for the manslaughter of an elderly man from Sowerby, Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/CAMPBELL__RYAN_BRADY_11yrs_6mnths-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man sentenced to eleven-and-a-half years for the manslaughter of 85-year-old Sowerby man - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-sentenced-eleven-half-years-manslaughter-85-year-old-sowerby-man/
title: Man sentenced to eleven-and-a-half years for the manslaughter of 85-year-old Sowerby man
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-sentenced-eleven-half-years-manslaughter-85-year-old-sowerby-man/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 11:20am

A man has been sentenced today (Thursday 5 May 2016) at Teesside Crown Court for the manslaughter of an elderly man from Sowerby, Thirsk.

Ryan Brady Campbell, 30 from Thirsk, was sentenced to eleven-and-a-half years for the manslaughter of 85-year-old George Francis Kidson.

On Thursday 5 November 2015, Police were called to Mr Kidson's home at The Flatts in Sowerby, following a report of a concern for safety.

Upon arrival, officers found Mr Kidson with serious injuries. He was taken to James Cook hospital where he remained in a critical condition, but died four days later from his injuries.

Campbell was arrested shortly after the attack and charged with attempted murder and theft. Following Mr Kidson's death the charges against Campbell were changed to murder.

Speaking about the case Detective Superintendent Matt Walker of North Yorkshire Police said:

"This was a difficult and tragic case for everyone concerned and the sentence given to Campbell reflects the gravity of the offence he committed. Whilst this will not bring Mr Kidson back, I hope the sentence gives his family some sense of justice and closure to what has been a very difficult time for them."

Mr Kidson's family have released the following statement:

"We have prematurely lost a valuable member of our family in desperately distressing circumstances, that must have led to him experiencing considerable pain and fear. For these reasons we welcome the verdict and sentencing passed today. We would like to pass our thanks to the North Yorkshire Police for their continued support and the manner in which the investigation was conducted."

The family have asked for their privacy to be respected at this extremely difficult time.

Posted on 5 May 2016 at 11:19am in News stories
