```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-14T08:50:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A cyclist rode from Peasholme Green towards Layerthorpe in company with a second male who was also on a cycle. The car was travelling on Foss Bank over the crossroads towards Foss Islands Road and struck the cyclist in the middle of the junction. Although the driver and several witnesses stopped and tried to assist [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following road traffic collision in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-york-2/
title: Appeal following road traffic collision in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-york-2/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision between a car and a young cyclist that occurred on Foss Islands Road in York at 10.07pm hours on 12 August 2017.

A cyclist rode from Peasholme Green towards Layerthorpe in company with a second male who was also on a cycle.

The car was travelling on Foss Bank over the crossroads towards Foss Islands Road and struck the cyclist in the middle of the junction.

Although the driver and several witnesses stopped and tried to assist the cyclist, the youngster refused an ambulance and left the scene without providing any details prior to officer attendance.

Officers are concerned for the welfare of the teenager who is believed to have possible head and leg injuries, and are requesting assistance from the public in order to trace the man.

He is described as white, 5ft tall, slight build, aged around 13 years with dark blond hair and he was wearing a black top and black Adidas bottoms. His bike was black in colour and had red detailing on the top bar of the frame.

Officers are also appealing for the teenager's friend to come forward and help identify him. The friend is described as a white male, 5ft6-8 tall, slim build, 15-16 years old, black hair and he was wearing a dark coloured tracksuit.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Annabelle Lumley-Holmes. You can also email Annabelle.Lumley-Holmes673@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-13082017-0517.

Contact details:
 Annabelle Lumley-Holmes \- #0673
Annabelle.Lumley-Holmes673@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 NYP-12082017-0517
Posted on 14 August 2017 at 09:50am in Local appeals
