```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-24T17:19:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-24T16:27:40+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Kerry White, aged 35, from Scarborough (pictured) posted a video to her Facebook page of her filming a young child whilst she was driving, York Crown Court heard. You can watch the video here. The footage was filmed by Miss White on her mobile phone whilst she was driving on Woodland Ravine and Manor Road [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/Kerry-Lee-White-DOB-11-02-84.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'VIDEO: Suspended sentence and ban for woman who posted video to Facebook of young child taken whilst driving - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/video-suspended-sentence-and-ban-for-mother-who-posted-video-to-facebook-of-young-son-taken-whilst-driving/
title: 'VIDEO: Suspended sentence and ban for woman who posted video to Facebook of young child taken whilst driving'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/video-suspended-sentence-and-ban-for-mother-who-posted-video-to-facebook-of-young-son-taken-whilst-driving/
```

Last modified: 24 June 2019 at 06:19pm

A motorist has been handed a suspended prison sentence and been banned from driving after she posted a video to Facebook taken whilst driving.

Kerry White, aged 35, from Scarborough (pictured) posted a video to her Facebook page of her filming a young child whilst she was driving, York Crown Court heard. You can watch the video here.

The footage was filmed by Miss White on her mobile phone whilst she was driving on Woodland Ravine and Manor Road in Scarborough on 16 December 2017 and later posted to her Facebook profile.

She was caught after a member of public reported her video to police. Officers investigating managed to identify the vehicle and location involved and subsequently recovered the original video from the defendant’s mobile phone.

Miss White refused to answer questions about the incident in interview and pleaded not guilty to driving a vehicle dangerously when charged to court.

Prior to her trial she changed her plea to guilty and was given a 12-month ban and sentenced to six months imprisonment, suspended for twelve months. She was also required to complete 20 days unpaid work and told she must pay a £115 victim surcharge.

Commenting on the case, Road Policing Officer Mark Patterson, from North Yorkshire Police said:

“As the footage clearly shows, Miss White’s driving that day was highly irresponsible and incredibly dangerous and it’s only through sheer luck she wasn’t involved in a serious collision.

"Her blatant disregard for the safety of the child and traffic laws could have ended tragically and the consequences of her actions had she of lost control of her vehicle doesn’t bear thinking about”

“I’d like to thank the member of the public who reported this incident to us and I hope this message sends a clear message that this type of reckless behaviour will not be tolerated on our roads.”

**Keeping roads in North Yorkshire safe**

There are several ways you can help North Yorkshire Police keep North Yorkshire’s roads safe.

 * **Operation Spartan: Report bad driving or share dashcam footage**
If you think you’ve seen someone driving dangerously, or have recorded it on your dashcam and want to show us the footage _,_ click here.
 * **Speeding in your community**
Find out how to address concerns about speeding where you live here.
 * **Keeping yourself safe**
Discover some simple ways to stay safe on our roads here.

Contact details:
 Mark Patterson \- #1881
Mark.Patterson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Posted on 24 June 2019 at 05:27pm in News stories
