```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-11T07:46:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-10T16:20:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 1,600 Year 6 youngsters from 60 primary schools in Scarborough and Ryedale are currently taking part in a Crucial Crew event in Scarborough, which runs until 13 June 2019. They&#8217;ll be followed by schools from Harrogate (25 June &#8211; 4 July) and York and Selby (9 July &#8211; 18 July). Youngsters in Craven attended an [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/06/D8TscUoUEAAD3mC1-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Youngsters get &#039;Crucial&#039; advice to keep themselves safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/youngsters-get-crucial-advice-to-keep-themselves-safe/
title: Youngsters get 'Crucial' advice to keep themselves safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/youngsters-get-crucial-advice-to-keep-themselves-safe/
```

Last modified: 11 June 2019 at 08:46am

Thousands of young people across North Yorkshire are attending workshops to keep them safe and well.

1,600 Year 6 youngsters from 60 primary schools in Scarborough and Ryedale are currently taking part in a Crucial Crew event in Scarborough, which runs until 13 June 2019.

They'll be followed by schools from Harrogate (25 June - 4 July) and York and Selby (9 July - 18 July). Youngsters in Craven attended an event in the spring.

The Scarborough and Ryedale Crucial Crew event is being run by PC Ryan Lyth, PCSO James Broadbent and PCSO Jessica Nortcliff. Participants are also being asked to design a poster highlighting a safety message they have learnt. First prize is a £50 voucher to spend in the Brunswick Shopping Centre, and the best posters will appear in the centre for everyone to see from 24 June.

Sgt Neil Northend, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "The two-week Crucial Crew programmes are an important way for partner agencies to get together and help raise awareness around keeping young people safe. This includes looking after themselves, their friends and their family – plus advice and support on who to contact if something's not right.

"The feedback we get from both pupils and teachers is really positive - and we could not do this without the great support and dedication from our colleagues and partners agencies."

With the support and assistance of key partners, North Yorkshire Police has been delivering Crucial Crew safety workshops to Year 6 pupils across the region for over 25 years. Since the very first session, more than 200,000 children have taken part in the fun, interactive sessions and learnt some vital, life-saving skills to take forward into their adult life.

In addition to North Yorkshire Police, among the partners who have supported Crucial Crew are:

 * North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Services
 * Barnardos Prouder Communities
 * Healthy Child Teams
 * IDAS
 * City of York Council road safety
 * RNLI
 * Coast Guard
 * Northern Powergrid
 * Ministry of Defence Police
 * Youth Offending Team and Youth Justice service
 * Horizons and Changing Lives – drugs and alcohol services

They all give their time to educate our young people on how to stay safe, as they make the transition to secondary school and the wider world.

The workshop sessions run over the course of a day and cover vital personal safety and behaviour topics such as road safety, internet safety, water safety and how to make an emergency call, and much, much more. Schools and young people also have access to an interactive game at www.crucial-crew.org.uk

Posted on 10 June 2019 at 05:20pm in News stories
