```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-06T11:23:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: This incident occurred on Layerthorpe, York at 12:50pm on Saturday 4 February 2017 and involved two men in a grey car, and one man in a black Honda Civic. It is believed the passenger from the grey vehicle got out of the car and kicked the Honda causing front end damage. We are conducting enquiries [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a recent road rage incident in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-road-rage-incident-york/
title: Appeal following a recent road rage incident in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-road-rage-incident-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a road rage incident that occurred in York.

This incident occurred on Layerthorpe, York at 12:50pm on Saturday 4 February 2017 and involved two men in a grey car, and one man in a black Honda Civic. It is believed the passenger from the grey vehicle got out of the car and kicked the Honda causing front end damage.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident as it is believed there were other vehicles and pedestrians in the area at the time.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the grey vehicle, including the registration number and the identity of the passenger in the grey vehicle.

The car is described as a grey five door medium sized car which left the scene along Hallfield Road in the direction of James Street.

The passenger is described as a white man, with light coloured short hair and a clean shaven, thin face. He is believed to have been wearing a grey or off-white hoody at the time of the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 0458 Matthew Kilburn. You can also email matthew.kilburn458@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170019981.

5 February 2017

Contact details:
 Matthew Kilburn \- #0458
matthew.kilburn458@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30458
Incident reference:
 12170019981
Posted on 6 February 2017 at 11:23am in Local appeals
