```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:07:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-08T13:06:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 10,000 homes have been security-checked by police in York as part of a summer campaign to clamp down on sneak-in burglars.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/joypad-north-1-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;16-mile street&quot; checked as biggest ever crime-fighting campaign hits 10k - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/16-mile-street-checked-biggest-ever-crime-fighting-campaign-hits-10k/
title: '"16-mile street" checked as biggest ever crime-fighting campaign hits 10k'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/16-mile-street-checked-biggest-ever-crime-fighting-campaign-hits-10k/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:07pm

10,000 homes have been security-checked by police in York as part of a summer campaign to clamp down on sneak-in burglars.

The city's biggest ever crime prevention operation has been running since the start of May, and officers are due to hit the major milestone when they go out on patrol tomorrow (9 June).

That means police have now checked the equivalent of a residential street stretching for 16 miles*. And early results show that burglaries have already fallen by more than 10 per cent.

The campaign, Operation Joypad, aims to ensure York remains a no-go area for sneak-in burglars. Although York is a very safe city in which to live, crimes of opportunity tend to increase in the summer, as homeowners leave windows and doors open, or spend time in back gardens.

Since the start of May, homes right across York have been visually and physically checked to ensure their owners have left them secure. When an insecure property is found, officers contact the homeowner and provide suitable home security advice.

Dozens of police officers, PCSOs, Special Constables, volunteers and Police Cadets have been involved in the campaign.

Early results from the campaign are promising. There were 39 burglary dwelling offences in York in May 2016, down from 44 in 2015 - a fall of 11%. Figures for the first week in June are also very encouraging, with 10 burglary dwellings this year, down from 16 in the same week in 2015.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "The current good weather means it's all too easy for homeowners to leave their property insecure - for example, leaving a front window open while they're in the back garden. Unfortunately, sneak-in thieves will take any opportunity to help themselves to your belongings, so please don't give them the chance. It takes a few seconds to secure doors and windows, and it could prevent you becoming a victim of crime.

"Even though the vast majority of homes we check - about 9 out of 10 properties in York - are well-secured against burglars, we want to get this figure even higher, and so Operation Joypad will continue throughout the summer months.

"I would also like to continue to thank our Special Constables, volunteers and cadets, who have provided invaluable support in their own time to help us continue this important campaign."

As part of Operation Joypad, police have also used 'dot peen' security marking machines to mark hundreds of items of property, including tablets, phones and cycles. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide evidence vital in securing prosecutions.

To find out when your next property marking event is taking place, contact your local police team via 101, or follow them on Facebook, or Twitter at @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth or @snayorkwest - the service is promoted with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen.

For more information about home security and property marking, visitwww.northyorkshire.police.uk/homesecurity. You can also download the North Yorkshire Police interactive home security iBook, available for free on iPhone and iPad - just search for "Securing your home" on iTunes.

**8 June 2016**

***** Average width of UK house 5.2 metres x 10,000 terraced houses รท 2 sides of street = street is 26,000 metres long = approximately 16 miles

Posted on 8 June 2016 at 01:06pm in News stories
