```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:16:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-30T10:23:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: John Latcham, 28, was spotted allowing a lurcher dog to run loose and chase a hare on land at Well, near Bedale, on 28 January 2018. North Yorkshire Police officers quickly attended and issued him with a Dispersal Notice, requiring him to leave the area immediately. The two-year-old male dog was found nearby with the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man fined and dog re-homed after hare coursing conviction - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-fined-and-dog-re-homed-after-hare-coursing-conviction/
title: Man fined and dog re-homed after hare coursing conviction
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-fined-and-dog-re-homed-after-hare-coursing-conviction/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:16am

A man faces a court fine of more than £600 and the loss of his car and his dog after being caught hare coursing in North Yorkshire.

John Latcham, 28, was spotted allowing a lurcher dog to run loose and chase a hare on land at Well, near Bedale, on 28 January 2018.

North Yorkshire Police officers quickly attended and issued him with a Dispersal Notice, requiring him to leave the area immediately. The two-year-old male dog was found nearby with the carcass of a hare, and was taken by police to a secure kennels to be looked after.

Latcham, from Butterknowle, Durham, was charged with hunting a wild mammal with a dog. He was found guilty in his absence at Northallerton Magistrates Court on Tuesday 24 April 2018.

He was fined £660, and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £66 victim surcharge. In addition, forfeiture orders were made for his Ford Mondeo, a slip dog lead, and the dog, which will now be re-homed.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Poaching is one of six national wildlife crime priorities, and has a significant impact on the rural communities of North Yorkshire, often leaving local residents in fear of further crimes.

“Latcham travelled a considerable distance to commit this offence. The sentence imposed should send a clear message that North Yorkshire Police will not tolerate this offending in our communities, and deal with all reports robustly.”

If you have any information about suspected poaching or hare coursing, call police on 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress.

Posted on 30 April 2018 at 11:23am in News stories
