```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-07T23:39:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-16T23:37:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Published today (Thursday 16 July 2015), the &#8220;Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending March 2015&#8221; report places the North Yorkshire Police area as the lowest crime location in England. There were a total of 34,617 crimes in North Yorkshire. This reflects the continued determination to tackle crime in the county with a slight [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Committed to keeping North Yorkshire safe and secure - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/committed-keeping-north-yorkshire-safe-secure/
title: Committed to keeping North Yorkshire safe and secure
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/committed-keeping-north-yorkshire-safe-secure/
```

Last modified: 7 June 2016 at 11:39pm

North Yorkshire is the safest place to live, work and visit in England, the Office of National Statistics has confirmed.

Published today (Thursday 16 July 2015), the "Crime Statistics for England and Wales, year ending March 2015" report places the North Yorkshire Police area as the lowest crime location in England.

There were a total of 34,617 crimes in North Yorkshire. This reflects the continued determination to tackle crime in the county with a slight rise in crime - 0.5% increase, 168 more crimes - in comparison to the same period in 2013-2014

 * Violence Against the Person went up by 20% (7,366 crimes in total, up by 1,128 from 6,138). This rise is almost entirely attributable to the Violence without Injury category. This includes Common Assault and Harassment offences. A problem profile conducted on trends in this crime category in the Autumn of last year showed improved recording following a recent HMIC inspection, an increase in historical reports, increased pro-activity around enforcement of orders and improved victim confidence.
 * Drug Offences increased by 15% (2,085 crimes in total, up 272 from 1,813)
 * Possession of Weapons Offences up by 26% (230 crimes in total, up by 47 from 183)
 * Public Order Offences decreased by 1% (1,238 crimes in total, down by 18 from 1,256)
 * Miscellaneous Crimes Against Society, which includes the possession and publication of extreme sexual images, was up by 35% (570 crimes in total, up by 148 from 422).

Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick said: "The latest crime figures reflect the sheer determination of North Yorkshire Police and our partners to make North Yorkshire the safest place in England.

"We will continue to focus our efforts on all elements of criminality and improve the service we provide to those who unfortunately become victims of crime. Certain crimes continue to become more challenging and complex to investigate, however we are investing in new technology and I am confident the skills and commitment of the North Yorkshire Police team will rise to any future challenges."

Broken down into the main crime categories, the ONS figures for North Yorkshire show:

 * Domestic Burglary reduced by 13% (1,371 crimes in total, down 196 from ,1567), with overall Burglary down by 6% (3,960 crimes in total, down 258 from 4,218)
 * Criminal Damage and Arson down by 9% (5,097 crimes in total from 5,615)
 * 14% reduction in Vehicle Offences (2,207 crimes in total, down 363 from 2,570)
 * Robbery increased by 25% (146 crimes in total, up 29 from 117)
 * 8% decrease in Theft Offences (16,831 crimes in total)
 * Sexual Offences up by 50% (1,054 crimes in total, up 352 from 702). As previously explained, this rise is generally regarded as a positive reflection of the confidence victims have in North Yorkshire Police, particularly those making historical complaints. This is also influenced by Operation Yewtree and Operation Hibiscus (Jimmy Savile/Peter Jaconelli investigations), and the opening of a Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) in York two years ago.

Posted on 16 July 2015 at 11:37pm in News stories
