```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-24T11:57:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-24T11:42:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Kirby Road at around 10.25am on Tuesday 22 September when a silver Ford Galaxy, registration number MK11LHD, was taken from Kirby Road. It was then seen driving at speed out of Kirby Drive, spin around in the middle of the road and make off in the direction of the town centre. Four [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following the theft of silver Ford Galaxy in Ripon - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-the-theft-of-silver-ford-galaxy-in-ripon/
title: Appeal following the theft of silver Ford Galaxy in Ripon
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-the-theft-of-silver-ford-galaxy-in-ripon/
```

Last modified: 24 September 2020 at 12:57pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a vehicle, that was later found abandoned in Ripon.

It happened on Kirby Road at around 10.25am on Tuesday 22 September when a silver Ford Galaxy, registration number MK11LHD, was taken from Kirby Road.

It was then seen driving at speed out of Kirby Drive, spin around in the middle of the road and make off in the direction of the town centre.

Four males, aged between 13 and 20 years-old, have been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Officers are requesting the public's assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, they would like to hear from anyone who saw a silver Ford Galaxy being driven at speed and erratically in the Ripon area between 10.25am and 11am that day. They would also like to hear from anyone who saw a group of young people running away from the Thirlway Drive and College Road area towards the town centre..

Anyone with information, including any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell-camera footage, that could assist the investigation should email Deborah.utley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Deborah Utley.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200166679.

Contact details:
 Deborah UTLEY \- #1182
Deborah.utley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 31182
Incident reference:
 12200166679
Posted on 24 September 2020 at 12:42pm in Local appeals
