```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-10T08:46:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The father of missing man Rory Johnson-Hatfield today appealed for further information about his son&#039;s disappearance in York in the early hours of Friday 20 November.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Father of Rory Johnson-Hatfield appeals for information - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/father-rory-johnson-hatfield-appeals-information/
title: Father of Rory Johnson-Hatfield appeals for information
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/father-rory-johnson-hatfield-appeals-information/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

The father of missing man Rory Johnson-Hatfield today appealed for further information about his son's disappearance in York in the early hours of Friday 20 November.

Speaking at a press conference held at Fulford Road Police Station this morning Doug Hatfield spoke emotionally about his son:

"Firstly let me thank everyone for the offers of help which the family has received and the fantastic support from the public through social media.

"Rory is a wonderful son and brother who could make friends easily and speak to people with ease - we are so very proud of him, there are very few like him.

"Nothing prepares you for a time like this - it is an extremely difficult and emotional time. To try and give you an idea of Rory as we know him, his 14 -year-old and 15-year-old sisters have given me some words that describe him; laid back, generous, kind, funny, crazy, popular, polite, handsome, entertaining, talkative and bubbly.

"I speak for all the family when I say there is a huge hole in our hearts that only the return of Rory will repair, please help us bring him home safe and well."

Superintendent Adam Thomson then delivered an update on the investigation;

"We are still conducting a number of enquiries to try and locate Rory. The river has featured highly in the investigation and currently the river is still in spate. Once it has receded we will be allocating a police search advisor to work with the Environment Agency to find out how the floods would have affected the search area, to determine where we should renew any searches.

"We are grateful for the support this investigation has received and we would again renew our appeal that if anyone has any information about Rory's disappearance that they contact North Yorkshire Police on 101."

Posted on 10 December 2015 at 08:46am in News stories
