```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-30T09:37:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-28T16:52:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Alness Drive at around 8.30am and involved a BMW and another car which failed to stop at the scene. The owner of the BMW, a woman in her late 60s, was placing her grandchild into the rear seat of her car when the offending vehicle collided with her open rear door, pinning [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/BMW-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following fail to stop road traffic collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fail-to-stop-road-traffic-collision-2/
title: Appeal following fail to stop road traffic collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fail-to-stop-road-traffic-collision-2/
```

Last modified: 30 October 2019 at 09:37am

Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a fail to stop road traffic collision in York on Sunday 27 October.

It happened on Alness Drive at around 8.30am and involved a BMW and another car which failed to stop at the scene.

The owner of the BMW, a woman in her late 60s, was placing her grandchild into the rear seat of her car when the offending vehicle collided with her open rear door, pinning her between the door and body of her vehicle.

The offending vehicle, described as silver or grey and possibly a small MPV, failed to stop and made off towards Moor Lane.

As a result of the collision, the woman suffered broken ribs, a broken collar bone, a fractured knee cap and a potentially broken leg. She was taken by ambulance to York Hospital where she is still receiving treatment.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision, or anyone who recalls seeing either of the vehicles prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the offending vehicle and its current location. This vehicle is likely to have damage to its nearside front end.

If you can help, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Phillip Kennedy. You can also email philip.kennedy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190198303.

Contact details:
 PC KENNEDY \- #1390
Philip.kennedy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 EXT 31390
Incident reference:
 12190198303
Posted on 28 October 2019 at 04:52pm in Local appeals
