```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:34:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-09T19:08:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are calling on the public to nominate members of the policing family who have made a difference within their local community.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police announce first Public Choice Awards. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-announce-first-public-choice-awards/
title: North Yorkshire Police announce first Public Choice Awards.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-announce-first-public-choice-awards/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:34pm

North Yorkshire Police are calling on the public to nominate members of the policing family who have made a difference within their local community.

For the first time, the public will be able to nominate an individual who has gone above and beyond their day to day duties and have demonstrated one of three core behaviours - courage, compassion or inspiration - whilst keeping their local community safe.

The three behaviours - which are central to North Yorkshire Police's Code of Ethics - are: ****

**Courage** - Not just where a member of the police family has acted bravely, although of course they will be considered, but also where a staff member has had the courage and conviction to appropriately challenge a decision or used their influence wisely. Also where a member of the police family has displayed courage and tried a new way of doing things, accepted accountability or stepped outside their comfort zone.

**Compassion** - They have demonstrated care for victims and recognising the needs of others. It may be an instance where they may of helped an individual or community to build supportive networks which have to brought about a sense of well-being.

**Inspiration** - They have inspired our communities and have helped to build North Yorkshire Police's reputation as a responsive service that goes that extra mile. By behaving as a role model, demonstrating integrity and helping to create an environment of learning, success and innovation.

Members of the public can nominate :

• Police Officers

• Office of Police and Crime Commissioner Staff

• Police Staff

• Police Community Support Officers

• Volunteers

• Special Constables

Nominations can be made via the online form.

You can submit your nomination online or if you prefer, print and post the form to us - Public Choice Award, Staff Office, North Yorkshire Police, Newby Wiske, Northallerton, North Yorkshire, DL7 9HA.

The closing date for nominations is 15th August.

Once all the nominations have been received, North Yorkshire Police Honours Committee will assess all the nominations and then shortlist seven finalists.

We will then present each of the seven finalists to the public and invite the public to have the final say and vote for the overall winner. The winner will be announced at a Gala dinner being held on the 23rd October.

Posted on 9 August 2015 at 07:08pm in News stories
