```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-05T18:08:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-05T17:49:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In October 2018, Paul Lander, editor of Police Professional magazine, set off on a challenge to complete 100, Olympic distance triathlons \u2013 one per day, including Christmas Day &#8211; in aid of the Police Memorial Trust. As part of the challenge, he aims to visit forces across the country who have lost an officer while [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/01/PC-Andrew-Bramma-182x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Triathlon in memory of PC Andrew Bramma on the sixth anniversary of his death - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/triathlon-in-memory-of-pc-andrew-bramma-on-the-sixth-anniversary-of-his-death/
title: Triathlon in memory of PC Andrew Bramma on the sixth anniversary of his death
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/triathlon-in-memory-of-pc-andrew-bramma-on-the-sixth-anniversary-of-his-death/
```

Last modified: 5 January 2019 at 06:08pm

Family, friends and colleagues of a North Yorkshire Police officer who died on duty six years ago have marked the anniversary of his death by joining a national triathlon challenge in aid of the Police Memorial Trust.

In October 2018, Paul Lander, editor of Police Professional magazine, set off on a challenge to complete 100, Olympic distance triathlons – one per day, including Christmas Day - in aid of the Police Memorial Trust. As part of the challenge, he aims to visit forces across the country who have lost an officer while on duty.

PC Andrew Bramma

North Yorkshire Police’s PC Andrew Bramma was tragically killed near West Tanfield as he responded to an emergency call on 5 January 2013, and the North Yorkshire leg of the triathlon challenge was timed to coincide with the sixth anniversary of his death.

On Saturday 5 January 2019 and supported by PC Bramma’s family who made the journey from West Yorkshire, colleagues from North Yorkshire Police, a local triathlon team and friends of PC Bramma joined Paul in his challenge that began at Thirsk Leisure Centre.

It began with a 1,500 metre swim by Paul before the cycling team set off on a 40k ride to West Tanfield where a minute’s silence was held outside St Nicholas Church.
Then it was back to Thirsk where Paul was joined by more colleagues to complete a 10k run around Thirsk.

Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Lisa Winward, said: "We're honoured to support Paul in his efforts in aid of the Police Memorial Trust. The 5th January will always be a difficult day for the force as we remember PC Bramma's untimely death. Doing something positive that will also help lots of other police families who have lost someone is a poignant and fitting way to remember him. Our thoughts remain with the family, colleagues and friends of PC Bramma at this time"

Paul added: “It is my honour to come to North Yorkshire and complete triathlon number 67 in tribute to the sacrifice made by your officers and staff every day to keep us safe. My thoughts are with PC Bramma's family, friends and colleagues on this sad anniversary”.

Triathlete Paul pictured with PC Bramma's family

You can keep up with Paul’s blog about his challenge here https://tri100.uk/latest-updates/

Follow Paul on Twitter @PolicePEditor

Visit The Police Memorial Trust’ website www.thepolicememorialtrust.org

Paul (in white) with the cycling team The runners return Posted on 5 January 2019 at 05:49pm in News stories
