```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-27T11:32:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Carl Mason, 38, and Darren Wiggins, 40, attacked the man in his 70s at a garage workshop in the Hull Road area of York. During what police describe as a \u201Ctargeted and planned\u201D attack in February this year, the pair tried to get a safe key and stole the victim\u2019s wallet, watch and keys. They [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Carl-Mason-130380-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Robbers who left pensioner with life-changing injuries are jailed for more than 16 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbers-jailed-16-years/
title: Robbers who left pensioner with life-changing injuries are jailed for more than 16 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbers-jailed-16-years/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Two men who “brutally” beat a pensioner for ten minutes, leaving him with fractures and brain injuries, have been jailed for a total of 16-and-a-half years.

Carl Mason, 38, and Darren Wiggins, 40, attacked the man in his 70s at a garage workshop in the Hull Road area of York.

During what police describe as a “targeted and planned” attack in February this year, the pair tried to get a safe key and stole the victim’s wallet, watch and keys.

Carl Mason Darren Wiggins

They beat him so severely, he was left with a fracture to his face, serious bruising, a bleed on the brain and other long-term injuries which he is still suffering from.

Detectives from North Yorkshire Police launched an investigation which led to Mason and Wiggins being arrested and charged with one count of robbery each.

They pleaded guilty at York Crown Court and were yesterday sentenced by a judge.

Mason, of Union Terrace, York, was jailed for ten-and-a-half years.

Wiggins, of Tennent Road, York, was jailed for six years.

After the hearing, Detective Constable Simon Fricke, who led the case for North Yorkshire Police, said: “This was a brutal attack that left an innocent man with terrible injuries – injuries he is still suffering from six months later.

“Mason and Wiggins targeted their victim and planned the incident with absolutely no regard for anyone else.

“But I’d like to acknowledge the victim’s courage and strength during what has been a horrendous ordeal.

“I’m always relieved when we bring people like Mason and Wiggins to justice. There is no place for individuals like that in our communities.

“As such, we welcome the court’s sentence, which has taken two serious offenders off our streets for a significant amount of time.”

Posted on 27 July 2018 at 12:32pm in News stories
