```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-04-18T08:25:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The first operation took place\_in York on 11 April 2017 and utilised resources from the National Police Air Service, mounted police from neighbouring forces, firearms officers, dog handlers and high visibility patrols. Following the launch, the initiative will enhance the force\u2019s existing crime prevention and public safety tactics and will be rolled-out at other key [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Project Servator launched targeting criminals from pickpockets to terrorists - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-servator-launched-targeting-criminals-pickpockets-terrorists/
title: Project Servator launched targeting criminals from pickpockets to terrorists
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/project-servator-launched-targeting-criminals-pickpockets-terrorists/
```

Last modified: 18 April 2017 at 08:25am

This month saw the launch of Project Servator in North Yorkshire - a national policing initiative aimed at crowded places to deter, detect and disrupt criminal and terrorist activity.

The first operation took place in York on 11 April 2017 and utilised resources from the National Police Air Service, mounted police from neighbouring forces, firearms officers, dog handlers and high visibility patrols.

Following the launch, the initiative will enhance the force’s existing crime prevention and public safety tactics and will be rolled-out at other key locations and events across the county such as the upcoming Tour de Yorkshire.

These deployments are by design, highly unpredictable and are intelligence-led. The public will see officers specially trained to deter, disrupt and detect crime using tactics developed and tested over a five-year period by the Centre for Protection of National Infrastructure (CPNI) in partnership with City of London Police.

Project Servator has been successfully used and is already ‘business as usual’ for a number of forces such as City of London Police, British Transport Police (BTP), Essex Police, Ministry of Defence Police and the Civil Nuclear Constabulary.

It was also used extensively by Police Scotland during the Glasgow Commonwealth Games in 2014.

Key to the success of Project Servator is the support of people living, working and visiting the county to be extra eyes and ears for the police, reporting any suspicious behaviour to help make it even harder for criminals to succeed.

Superintendent Mark Grange, North Yorkshire Police’s Operational Policing Training Lead and Strategic Lead for Project Servator, said:

“Building on the national success of Project Servator in disrupting a wide range of criminality whilst reassuring the public, North Yorkshire Police is now undertaking a programme of work to roll it out locally at various events and locations across the county, including for the Tour de Yorkshire later this month.

“In doing so, we are enhancing our existing tactics by adopting the best practice developed within policing across the UK in order to help keep key sites and crowded places within North Yorkshire safe and secure.

“The active support of the public, community and businesses is key to the success of Project Servator.

“Our officers have already been engaging with businesses and the local community over the last month to introduce them to the concept and to explain the vital role that they have to play.

“Please don’t be surprised or alarmed if you see a heavy police presence in York today and at other locations around the County in the coming weeks and months. Keep in mind that these are normal police operations that will deter, detect and disrupt a broad range of criminal activity.

“The deployments are designed to be unpredictable and can turn up at any time. One day our tactics may be highly visible, the next we will be working in a more covert way.

“You can help us keep your area and community safe by engaging with the Servator teams if you see them deployed in your area and by speaking to officers to find out how you can play a part.”

Chief Inspector Fiona Willey, of North Yorkshire Police’s Proactive Policing Command and Tactical Lead for Project Servator, added:

“We want to reassure communities that we are working together to keep everyone safe.

“The aim of Project Servator is to combine effective police deployments with increased levels of vigilance within our communities, to deter, detect and ultimately disrupt a broad spectrum of criminality, everything from pickpocketing to terrorism.

“These tactics are not in response to a specific threat or the recent tragic events in Westminster, but have been in the planning stages since September 2016.

“They will be rolled-out across the county in the coming months as part of our continuing work to help keep North Yorkshire safe by collaborating with our partners and the communities that we serve.

“We are confident that local businesses and the public will be reassured by this approach. They should know that they have a key role to play in all of this too. Their eyes and ears provide a surveillance resource that is second to none.

“We continue to call on the public to be vigilant and to report anything that they deem to be suspicious immediately by telling a police officer, or by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency or by calling the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321.

Posted on 18 April 2017 at 08:25am in News stories
