```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-28T16:43:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 54-year-old Peter Anthony Egan of York was sentenced to 25 months imprisonment in relation to the blackmail offence and also was handed a further 12 month sentence for being in possession of a bladed article, bringing his full sentence to three years and one month. The other man, 18-year-old Wade Clifford Michael Kershaw also of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/02/EGAN-Peter-Anthony-01081965-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York men found guilty of blackmail - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-men-found-guilty-of-blackmail/
title: York men found guilty of blackmail
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-men-found-guilty-of-blackmail/
```

Last modified: 28 February 2020 at 04:43pm

York men found guilty of blackmail

54-year-old Peter Anthony Egan of York was sentenced to 25 months imprisonment in relation to the blackmail offence and also was handed a further 12 month sentence for being in possession of a bladed article, bringing his full sentence to three years and one month.

The other man, 18-year-old Wade Clifford Michael Kershaw also of York, received a 32 month sentence in relation to the blackmail charges. He was also given a further 16 month sentence in relation to an assault offence, meaning he will serve a total of four years at a young offenders institute.

Egan and Kershaw met their victim in York on the 27 August 2019 and over a period of three days used threats of physical and sexual violence to blackmail him to hand over his money. They also forced their victim to contact family members, in an attempt to extort further amounts of cash. Fortunately the victim was able to remove himself safely from the situation and was found by police in a very distressed state in York on the 29 August 2019.

Speaking about the sentences handed to Egan and Kershaw, DC Alex Dorlin of York CID said:

“Egan and Kershaw targeted a vulnerable person and used the most horrific threats of physical and sexual violence to terrify the victim into handing over cash. The victim was in genuine fear for his safety, believing that Egan and Kershaw would carry out their threats if he did not hand over his money.

“Thankfully he was able to get out of the situation safely. However the whole experience left him very shaken and distressed.

“I hope the sentences handed to Egan and Kershaw sends a clear message to those who think they can target, threaten and take advantage of vulnerable people; North Yorkshire Police will do everything in our power to put you in front of the courts and ensure justice is done.”

Posted on 28 February 2020 at 04:43pm in News stories
