```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-05-17T13:16:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a vehicle in Burniston, Scarborough, are appealing to the public to help find the owners of a number of items.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/IMG_2441-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal to find owner of stolen items - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-find-owner-stolen-items/
title: Appeal to find owner of stolen items
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-find-owner-stolen-items/
```

Last modified: 17 May 2017 at 01:16pm

Officers investigating the theft of a vehicle in Burniston, Scarborough, are appealing to the public to help find the owners of a number of items.

A 24 year old man from the Flamborough area was arrested in connection with the theft of the stolen vehicle, a blue Landrover Defender, on 6 May 2017. Upon search of the arrested man’s vehicle, police recovered several items believed to be stolen.

Officers have conducted a number of enquiries to try and identify the owner(s) of the items however we are now appealing to the public to help us return the property to its rightful owner.

The items are;

 * Magma tool bag with numerous tools believed for an electrician – there are some PAT stickers in the bag for a company called Britton price
 * Fujitsu laptop model A512 in black bag when logging in the header screen has ‘ Burlington ‘ as computer name
 * 2 X Milwaukee drills in cases
 * Bahco socket set
 * Socket set

The arrested man has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Anyone who recognises the items in the images, or who has any information, is asked to contact police. Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to the Scarborough Investigation Hub.

Please quote reference number 12170075431 when passing on any information.

Posted on 17 May 2017 at 01:16pm in News stories
