```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-20T23:49:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:16:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Scarborough are investigating an armed robbery at the One Stop shop on North Leas Avenue at around 11pm on Sunday (12 June 2016).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Witness appeal: Armed robbery at Scarborough shop - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-armed-robbery-scarborough-shop/
title: 'Witness appeal: Armed robbery at Scarborough shop'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-armed-robbery-scarborough-shop/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2016 at 11:49pm

Police in Scarborough are investigating an armed robbery at the One Stop shop on North Leas Avenue at around 11pm on Sunday (12 June 2016).

The hunt is ongoing for three men involved in the incident.

A male shop worker suffered a cut lip after being punched. He attended Scarborough Hospital for treatment.

Police enquiries are continuing today (Monday 13 June) to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident, including a full forensic examination at the scene.

The suspects, who had their faces covered with hooded tops, ran off with cash in the direction of Maple Drive.

One of the suspects waited outside the shop while the other two went inside.

It is believed a man wearing a grey tracksuit top and dark bottoms made threats with a knife before assaulting the shop worker.

The other man in the shop was wearing dark clothing and made threats with an axe-like weapon.

Detective Sergeant Andy Dudman, of the Scarborough Serious Crime Team, said: "This is a shocking incident and we are doing all we can to track down the suspects and support the victims.

"We are appealing for any witnesses to come forward as soon as possible to help the investigation. We also need any information about suspicious behaviour in the vicinity of the One Stop shop on North Leas Avenue on Sunday evening to get in touch without delay."

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Scarborough Serious Crime Team.

Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12160103374 when providing information about this incident.

Posted on 13 June 2016 at 01:16pm in News stories
