```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-10T13:15:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A heroin dealer has been jailed as police continue to crackdown on the supply of drugs in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Scarborough drugs fight latest: heroin dealer jailed - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-drugs-fight-latest-heroin-dealer-jailed/
title: 'Scarborough drugs fight latest: heroin dealer jailed'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-drugs-fight-latest-heroin-dealer-jailed/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

A heroin dealer has been jailed as police continue to crackdown on the supply of drugs in Scarborough.

Michael Murphy, aged 21, was sentenced to 32 months imprisonment at York Crown Court on Monday 9 February 2015, after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Murphy, of no fixed address but originally from Liverpool, was arrested by Scarborough police's Operation Impact team at a property on Sitwell Street on 27 January 2015.

During a search of the property officers found 18 wraps of heroin.

Operation Impact was established in October 2013 to tackle the supply and distribution of drugs into Scarborough.

Since the operation began officers have arrested almost 200 people suspected of being involved in drug offences in Scarborough. Some of those people are local to the area but others are from London, Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds.

Officers have also charged more than 125 people with drug offences, recovered over £70,000 in cash and seized large quantities of drugs since the beginning of the operation.

Anyone with information about drug dealing in their area should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 10 February 2015 at 01:15pm in News stories
