```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-09T13:45:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Three people were arrested during a major Operation Hawk clampdown on the roads around Selby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Op_Hawk_-_Selby-6-March-2015.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three arrests as Operation Hawk swoops on travelling criminals - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrests-as-operation-hawk-swoops-on-travelling-criminals/
title: Three arrests as Operation Hawk swoops on travelling criminals
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrests-as-operation-hawk-swoops-on-travelling-criminals/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Three people were arrested during a major Operation Hawk clampdown on the roads around Selby.

Dozens of officers in marked and unmarked police vehicles worked on the proactive operation on Friday 6 March, into the following day, aiming to disrupt criminals using the road network to commit offences.

Using automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) technology, officers stopped and checked a total of 65 vehicles, issuing a number of fixed penalty notices and making three arrests.

At 6pm, officers stopped and searched a vehicle in the village of Campsall, and found nine bags of cannabis in the boot. Two men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs.

At about 11pm, a 49-year-old York man was arrested on the A64 near Bishopthorpe on suspicion of drink driving. He has been released on bail pending the results of a blood test.

Another motorist was reported for summons for driving while disqualified near Knottingley, and a BMW found to be running on red diesel was seized near Goole.

Officers from specialist units across the force took part in the day of action, including the Road Crime Team, Roads Policing Group, Firearms Support Unit, Dog Section, Neighbourhood Support Team and Response and Reassurance officers.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "ANPR technology makes it very difficult for offenders to get in and out of North Yorkshire without being spotted. Operation Hawk continues to send a clear message to travelling criminals: if you use our road networks to commit offences, there is a very good chance that we will catch you.

"We will actively hunt down suspects to their homes, even in other force areas if necessary. There will be no let up and nowhere to hide.

"People living in rural communities near Selby and across North Yorkshire can be reassured that these proactive operations will continue and more arrests will be made, until travelling criminals get the message that they are not welcome in North Yorkshire."

Members of the public can support Operation Hawk by reporting any suspicious people or activity.

Please report suspicious behaviour by calling North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 1 - and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999.

Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 9 March 2015 at 01:45pm in News stories
