```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-17T10:46:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-17T10:46:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "I first joined North Yorkshire Police 25 years ago as a Special Constable, and discovered that I had a real passion for policing and was determined from that point forwards that I wanted to join the police service as a full-time officer. Having joined Humberside Police in 1994, I never expected that one day I\u2019d [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/CC-pips-Lisa-square-5-300x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A blog from our newly appointed Chief Constable Lisa Winward - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/blog-from-our-new-chief-constable-lisa-winward/
title: A blog from our newly appointed Chief Constable Lisa Winward
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/blog-from-our-new-chief-constable-lisa-winward/
```

Last modified: 17 August 2018 at 11:46am

On 15 August 2018, Lisa Winward was confirmed as the new Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police. Here she talks about her priorities for the Force.

Chief Constable Lisa Winward

I first joined North Yorkshire Police 25 years ago as a Special Constable, and discovered that I had a real passion for policing and was determined from that point forwards that I wanted to join the police service as a full-time officer. Having joined Humberside Police in 1994, I never expected that one day I’d return to North Yorkshire and become its Chief Constable. I feel incredibly privileged to be given the chance to serve the public and my colleagues in this fantastic county.

There is no doubt that these are challenging times for policing. The demands on the police service are changing - you only have to glance at the news headlines to see that. Counter terrorism, online fraud, child sexual abuse, and organised crime gangs using “county lines” to distribute drugs in rural communities - these are just some of the challenges that are now part of the day-to-day work of North Yorkshire Police. And it is not just restricted to these emerging areas. We’re also facing challenges in the sheer volume of calls to the police. This summer – like other Forces across the country – we had a huge uplift in the number of calls to our Force Control Room. Each year the numbers grow and grow, and it’s to the great credit of our staff and officers that they deal with these pressures and stay dedicated to serving the public, no matter how difficult the circumstances.

As the demands on the police service continue to increase, it becomes ever more important that we prioritise the things that really matter. And as Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, I’m clear about where our focus needs to be.

This will enable all of us to deliver on the four priorities of the Police and Crime Plan. These priorities were developed on the back of public consultation, so it is vitally important that we put them right at the heart of what we do.

The first priority is to make sure that we keep the most vulnerable people in our society safe. We are – of course – the police service for everyone, everywhere across North Yorkshire, and I want to make sure that people really do feel that. But it is especially important that we protect the most vulnerable people from harm. We’ve put a lot of effort into working with other public sector partners to improve the way we safeguard adults and children who are most at risk, and we need to keep doing that.

That leads on to the second priority, which is all about collaboration. Many of the problems we deal with can’t be solved by us alone, so we need to join up with our colleagues in local authorities, health, and other blue light services to tackle issues in a holistic way. There is some great work going on to tackle anti-social behaviour at a local level, and we’re also partnering with other police forces on major investigations and specialist services. But the big opportunity this year is for us to work more closely with the Fire and Rescue Service. Earlier this year the Police and Crime Commissioner received approval from the Home Officer to take on responsibility for the Fire Service, so we will be working with her and our colleagues in Fire to see what more we can do together to keep the public safe.

The third priority in the Police and Crime Plan is reinforcing the frontline, and this is very dear to my heart because – as someone who has worked right in the thick of community policing – I genuinely believe that neighbourhood policing is the bedrock of the service.

Whilst other Forces have put their priorities elsewhere, North Yorkshire Police has always been consistently committed to neighbourhood policing, and I believe that is absolutely right. Neighbourhood policing is important in all parts of North Yorkshire, but as a largely rural county it’s particularly important that we listen to people in rural communities. North Yorkshire Police has the largest dedicated rural taskforce in the country, and some of our work in wildlife and rural crime has been ground-breaking, but there are still things we need to do much better. As Chief Constable, I will make sure we continue to work with rural communities, farmers and the various countryside agencies, to keep the needs of rural communities high on our agenda.

When people talk about local policing, they often raise the question of police numbers and the visibility of officers. Like any police service, we have to operate within our budget and that is challenging in these times of austerity. However, we have been actively recruiting, and by the end of this financial year we will have recruited 140 new officers – including both experienced transferees, and student officers. We’re also starting to look at additional officer recruitment plans for next year. But it’s important to remember that it isn’t just about boots on the street. We need to make sure that our officers and staff are properly tasked, and that they have the right skills and tools. That’s why we have invested heavily in giving our frontline officers tablets and phones with state-of-the-art policing software, so they really have a police station in their pocket. It has taken us longer than we hoped to do it, but the roll-out is now 80 per cent complete. We’ve also equipped some of our key teams with body-worn cameras, and we’ve invested in drones. Technology is moving on all the time, and while we need to be very cost-conscious, it’s important that we give our officers the tools they need to do their job effectively.

The final Police and Crime Plan priority is around customer service. North Yorkshire Police took part in a survey recently and one of the questions was about motivation at work. It was absolutely no surprise to me to find that our staff and officers are right near the top of the scale for their commitment to public service. If you speak with officers and staff – as the Chief Officer Team do day to day – you don’t have to look very far to see people who are going the extra mile. Nevertheless, there are areas where we can improve. Our Force Control Room is the nerve-centre of our operations, and it can be a high-pressure environment – especially when we have an exceptional numbers of calls as we had this summer. Our record for dealing promptly with 999 calls is excellent, we have really improved our call-handling times for 101, and we have just opened a new extension that will help us to deal with demand, but we need to keep improving. Not only that, but we are looking at how we give the public more options on how to contact the police, for example online, and we hope to introduce some of this over the next year.

As well as working towards the Police and Crime Plan priorities, there is another area that I will be prioritising as Chief Constable, and that is efficiency. Last year North Yorkshire Police was inspected by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services. They rated the Force as good at keeping people safe and reducing crime, but they also told us that we need to improve our efficiency. With that in mind, we have started a programme of work called Transform 2020 to look at what changes we need to make to provide the public with the best possible service, in the most efficient and affordable way. Lots of officers and staff across the organisation will be involved, and it’s actually a really exciting piece of work, because it will help us to remove some of the old-fashioned bureaucracy that can hold us back at times. The public image may be a little bit “Heartbeat”, but in reality we’re a modern police service working on 21st century issues, and we need slick processes and systems to help us to do that job.

As Chief Constable I will be taking time to listen to the public’s views of the service, but I also want to make sure that I listen to my colleagues across the Force. It is really important to me to create a positive environment where people can be at their very best every day, and where they can feel valued and supported. For me it is a priority to develop North Yorkshire Police’s well-being programme, because I want to ensure that our officers, staff and volunteers have the support they need to deliver the very best service to the community.

Being appointed as Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police is a tremendous honour and it is also a tremendous responsibility. But if I think back 25 years to when I became a Special Constable, one thing has remained constant across all that time. I joined to serve the public, and to make a positive difference to people’s lives. That has not changed. My pledge now is that I will do everything I can to improve how we keep people safe, support my fellow officers and staff, and justify the high level of confidence that the public have in North Yorkshire Police.

Posted on 17 August 2018 at 11:46am in News stories
