```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-07-22T08:38:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Horse owners are being invited to a series of events to help fight equestrian-related crime.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/07/APR_7160-1024x1014.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire property marking events target equestrian crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-property-marking-events-target-equestrian-crime/
title: North Yorkshire property marking events target equestrian crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-property-marking-events-target-equestrian-crime/
```

Last modified: 22 July 2016 at 08:38am

Horse owners are being invited to a series of events to help fight equestrian-related crime.

Free tack marking sessions have been arranged across North Yorkshire to help people protect their tack from criminals.

Using sophisticated property marking technology, leather items of tack can be marked with a unique number – deterring would-be thieves and making it much easier to reunite stolen property and secure convictions.

As part of North Yorkshire Police’s Horsewatch scheme, in the coming months officers will be at venues at Sutton-on-the-Forest, Selby, Malton, Easingwold, Helmsley and Gate Helmsley offering the free service.

PC Hannah McPeake, of the force’s Rural Taskforce, said: “North Yorkshire is a very safe place, and thankfully levels of equestrian crime are very low. However, you can never be too careful, particularly when it comes to high-value tack.

“Alongside securing yards and outbuildings, marking items of property is one of the most effective ways of deterring criminals. Our property marking service is fast and free, so please make a note of the date of your nearest event and come along on the day.”

The tack marking events will take place as follows:

• Thursday 11 August 2016, between 6pm and 7.30pm, Ride-Away, Stillington Road, Sutton-on-the-Forest, York, YO61 1EH
• Sunday 14 August 2016, between 11am and 2pm at R&R Country, Hull Road, Selby, YO8 6QJ
• Saturday 27 August 2016, between 11am and 2.30pm, BATA Robinsons Equestrian, Norton Road, Malton, YO17 9RU
• Saturday 10 September 2016, between 11am and 2.30pm, BATA Country Store & Garden Centre, Raskelf Road, Easingwold, York, YO61 3LA
• Saturday 1 October 2016, between 11am and 2.30pm, BATA Country Store, Bondgate, Helmsley, York, YO62 5EZ
• Sunday 2 October 2016, between 11am and 2.30pm, BATA Country & Equestrian Store, Gate Helmlsey, Stamford Bridge, York, YO41 1NF

Please bring along any leather items of tack, and they will be marked with a unique number using a dot peen property marking machine. (Synthetic tack or padded bridles cannot be marked using dot peen).

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

Horse owners and enthusiasts are also invited to follow the Horsewatch scheme on social media – via NYP Horsewatch on Facebook, and @NYP_Horsewatch on Twitter – so they can find out about future events and be made aware of any equestrian crimes in their area. To get in touch with the scheme, email horsewatch@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. It includes an Inspector, a Sergeant, seven Police Constables, seven Police Community Support Officers and co-ordinator and intelligence posts.

You can meet members of the Taskforce at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. You can also follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

Posted on 22 July 2016 at 08:38am in News stories
