```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-07-25T12:25:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward, said: \u201CLike most forces across the country, we are currently experiencing high demand in the Force Control Room with an increase in calls \u2013 particularly 999 calls &#8211; of around 20 percent since May 2017. For example, on Sunday 18 June, we received more calls than on New Year\u2019s Eve, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Call handling at North Yorkshire Police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/call-handling-north-yorkshire-police/
title: Call handling at North Yorkshire Police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/call-handling-north-yorkshire-police/
```

Last modified: 25 July 2017 at 01:25pm

We are experiencing around a 20 percent increase in demand to our Force Control Room which is why there are delays in answering some calls. This is not unique to North Yorkshire as forces across the country are experiencing the same issues. We are working to resolve this, but it will take time.

Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward, said: “Like most forces across the country, we are currently experiencing high demand in the Force Control Room with an increase in calls – particularly 999 calls - of around 20 percent since May 2017. For example, on Sunday 18 June, we received more calls than on New Year’s Eve, which historically is our busiest day of the year and is planned for in advance.

“I would like to reassure members of the public that we are implementing a number of measures to help deal with the unprecedented increase in demand, now and into the future, but this cannot be done overnight.

“999 emergency calls must take precedence over non-emergencies, and the increase is having a knock-on effect on the time it takes to answer non-emergency calls. We ask the public to please bear with us as we implement the improvement measures over the coming months.

“Our control room staff are working extremely hard as we work to service the increase in demand and implement the changes. It is a very fast-paced and pressurised environment and I must pay tribute to the commitment and resilience they have shown during this time.

“In the meantime, we ask members of the public to use 101 in the correct circumstances. Our website provides information on when to contact the police, the best way to contact us and when to call other agencies such as the council.

“Always call 999 if your safety threatened or in an emergency situation.”

**Call numbers this month to date compared to the same time last year**

**2 July 2016 – 24 July 2016**

999 calls – 4,920

101 calls – 19,409

**2 July 2017 – 24 July 2017**

999 calls – 6,114 (25% increase)

101 calls – 20,498

Posted on 25 July 2017 at 01:25pm in News stories
