```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-10-12T09:42:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Both vehicles were travelling away from York city centre and as a result of the collision, the Mini left the road and ended up partially submerged in a large garden pond. The 22-year-old male driver from Wetherby and an 18-year-old male passenger from Tadcaster were taken to York District Hospital, one with minor and one [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses to serious collision in Stockton-on-the-Forest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-serious-collision-stockton-forest/
title: Appeal for witnesses to serious collision in Stockton-on-the-Forest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-serious-collision-stockton-forest/
```

Last modified: 12 October 2017 at 10:42am

At around 12.05am Wednesday 11 October 2017, a collision occurred on Sandy Lane, Stockton on Forest, York between a blue Mini One with distinctive large rear spoiler and a blue Vauxhall Astra VXR.

Both vehicles were travelling away from York city centre and as a result of the collision, the Mini left the road and ended up partially submerged in a large garden pond. The 22-year-old male driver from Wetherby and an 18-year-old male passenger from Tadcaster were taken to York District Hospital, one with minor and one with serious injuries. Another passenger, a 20-year-old man from Tadcaster was taken to Leeds General Infirmary with serious leg injuries.

The Astra continued driving on Sandy Lane before leaving the road at the junction with Common Lane, where it burst into flames. The 25-year-old male driver from York was taken to York District Hospital with minor injuries.

The road was closed until 10am Wednesday 11 October to allow the extensive collision scene to be investigated by police.

Police would like to thank those who have responded to the first appeal for witnesses. However, they are still keen to trace any other witnesses who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, particularly those who may have any dash cam footage or from residents of the Stockton Lane area who have CCTV footage which covers the main road.

Anyone with any information which could assist the investigation is asked to contact police on 101, select option 2 and ask to speak to TC Mark Patterson. You can also email Mark.Patterson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference 12170182197.

Crime stoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 12 October 2017 at 10:42am in News stories
