```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-07-20T15:00:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 177 arrests have been made over the six week exercise to combat drink and drug driving, with 21 of those arrested for drink driving providing readings of over 100ug &#8211; more than two and a half times the legal limit of 35ug per 100ml of breath. The highest breath alcohol reading of the campaign was [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Over 800 breath tests conducted and 177 arrests made during summer drink and drug driving crackdown - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/800-breath-tests-conducted-177-arrests-made-summer-drink-drug-driving-crackdown/
title: Over 800 breath tests conducted and 177 arrests made during summer drink and drug driving crackdown
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/800-breath-tests-conducted-177-arrests-made-summer-drink-drug-driving-crackdown/
```

Last modified: 20 July 2016 at 03:00pm

As North Yorkshire Police’s summer drink and drug driving campaign draws to a close, the campaign has seen some staggering results.

177 arrests have been made over the six week exercise to combat drink and drug driving, with 21 of those arrested for drink driving providing readings of over 100ug - more than two and a half times the legal limit of 35ug per 100ml of breath.

The highest breath alcohol reading of the campaign was provided by a 50-year-old woman from York who was arrested on Wednesday 6 July at just after 12 noon when she blew 169ug, just under five times the legal limit. She currently remains on police bail.

59 arrests have been made for drug driving offences, 51 of which resulted from positive roadside drug tests. These figures represent a huge 168% increase in the level of drug driving arrests made as part of last year’s campaign (22 arrests), which has been attributed to the use of the new, effective roadside testing equipment.

So far 29 offenders have been sentenced at court, receiving bans of between 12 and 48 months and heavy fines. Some have been ordered to complete community orders and in some cases been handed suspended prison sentences.

One 25-year-old man from Leeds who was arrested in the Carlton area of Selby after providing a reading of 79ug was recently sentenced at York Crown Court. He received a 42 month driving ban and was ordered to pay fines and costs totaling £415.

Commenting on the campaign, Sgt Andy Morton of the Road Policing Group said:

“Whilst the increase in the numbers of arrests made is disappointing, the figures clearly demonstrate North Yorkshire Police’s commitment to get dangerous drink and drug drivers off the road. They also reflect the impact new roadside drug testing equipment is having on the numbers of people arrested and charged with drug driving.”

“The campaign may have drawn to a close for the summer, but our determination to find and prosecute people who openly disregard the law and put themselves and others at risk, does not waiver. North Yorkshire Police are out on the roads and remain committed to the task, all year round.”

“I would also like to take the opportunity to thank those members of the public who picked up the phone and reported drink and drug drivers. A number of arrests were made directly due to these calls and I have no doubt that lives were saved thanks to their actions.”

Posted on 20 July 2016 at 03:00pm in News stories
