```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-13T14:33:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-16T13:01:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A captain of a rugby team, a retained firefighter and an air traffic controller \u2013 these are just some of the backgrounds of the six new Police Community Support Officers to join the front line of North Yorkshire Police earlier this month. Working with residents and businesses to tackle some of the day-to-day issues that [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/12/PCSO-course-1-16-Pass-out-group-pic-300x220.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Six new Police Community Support Officers join North Yorkshire Police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/six-new-police-community-support-officers-join-north-yorkshire-police/
title: Six new Police Community Support Officers join North Yorkshire Police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/six-new-police-community-support-officers-join-north-yorkshire-police/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2018 at 03:33pm

A captain of a rugby team, a retained firefighter and an air traffic controller – these are just some of the backgrounds of the six new Police Community Support Officers to join the front line of North Yorkshire Police earlier this month.

A captain of a rugby team, a retained firefighter and an air traffic controller – these are just some of the backgrounds of the six new Police Community Support Officers to join the front line of North Yorkshire Police earlier this month.

Working with residents and businesses to tackle some of the day-to-day issues that arise in communities, the PCSOs will join North Yorkshire Police’s Safer Neighbourhood Policing Teams across the county.

Prior to their Passing Out ceremony, which took place at police headquarters in Newby Wiske on Friday 2 December, the officers completed a comprehensive ten-week programme of training which included a three day community placement to prepare for their new careers.

As well as learning legislation and safety techniques, the course and placement gave the officers a valuable insight local issues and the chance to start building relationships with their local communities.

In their first full week on the job the officers have dealt with a number of incidents including assisting at road traffic collisions, searching for a missing person, carrying out alcohol confiscations, detaining shoplifters and dealing with drunken revellers.

Following one incident one of the officers said: “Just rescued a vulnerable lady who had fallen into a ditch in the fog. Amazing feeling!"

The six PCSOs will be based at Northallerton, Harrogate, York, Selby, Leyburn and Crosshills.

To find out more about the role of our PCSO’s please visit: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs/police-community-support-officers/

**Image credit**

Back row, from left to right: Trainer Pete Bradley, PCSO Joe Moisley, PCSO Isaac Carter, PCSO Vincent Long, Trainer Mick Fleming **
Middle row, from left to right: Chief Constable Dave Jones, PCSO Will Champion, PCSO Harl Pattison and PC Gordon Graham
Front row: PCSO Simon Thornton** ****

Posted on 16 December 2016 at 01:01pm in News stories
