```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-07T13:02:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The competition \u2013 called My North Yorkshire \u2013 asks members of the public to sum up what they love about the county in a single photograph. The winning image will be picked by a judging panel and will be displayed at the force\u2019s new HQ, Alverton Court in Northallerton, which is currently being developed. There\u2019s [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Photo contest puts beauty of North Yorkshire in the frame - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/photo-contest-puts-beauty-north-yorkshire-frame/
title: Photo contest puts beauty of North Yorkshire in the frame
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/photo-contest-puts-beauty-north-yorkshire-frame/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire Police has launched a contest to find a photo that will take pride of place in its new headquarters.

The competition – called My North Yorkshire – asks members of the public to sum up what they love about the county in a single photograph.

The winning image will be picked by a judging panel and will be displayed at the force’s new HQ, Alverton Court in Northallerton, which is currently being developed.

There’s no need for images to be police-themed but they must have been taken in North Yorkshire.

North Yorkshire Police’s Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick said: “From Settle to Scarborough and Ripon to Reeth, North Yorkshire is a truly stunning county.

“Our new headquarters is the perfect chance to reflect this and remind ourselves how lucky we are to live and work in one of England’s safest – and arguably most beautiful – counties.

“One of the big benefits of our new HQ is that it will have areas for the community to use, including a bookable meeting space and a refreshments area. So it makes sense for people from the communities we serve to shape these surroundings by showing us what North Yorkshire means to them.”

Alverton Court, on Crosby Road, will have better facilities than the force’s current HQ at Newby Wiske Hall, and will be more accessible and cost-effective to run.

It will also allow the force to make significant improvements in technology and working practices, meaning officers can spend more time in the communities they serve.

Entries should be emailed to MyNorthYorkshire@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk as large-format jpegs by 1 November 2016. Ideally entrants need to use a camera that creates 8MB images or larger – most modern compact or SLR cameras should be fine.

Entrants are limited to submitting one photograph each.

For more information, including full terms and conditions, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/mynorthyorkshire

Posted on 7 September 2016 at 01:02pm in News stories
