```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-08-14T11:08:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s proactive drugs team, Operation Expedite, were carrying out patrols and observations in the area. At around 6pm in the Garden Village area of Richmond, they stopped a vehicle which they suspected was involved in drug dealing. The driver of the car, a man in his 20s from Richmond was searched [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three arrested in Richmond drugs operation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-in-richmond-drugs-operation/
title: Three arrested in Richmond drugs operation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-in-richmond-drugs-operation/
```

Last modified: 14 August 2020 at 12:08pm

Three people were arrested on suspicion of drug offences in Richmond on Thursday evening (13 August 2020).

Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s proactive drugs team, Operation Expedite, were carrying out patrols and observations in the area.

At around 6pm in the Garden Village area of Richmond, they stopped a vehicle which they suspected was involved in drug dealing. The driver of the car, a man in his 20s from Richmond was searched along with the vehicle and arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and possessing cannabis.

Following searches at a nearby property, another man, aged 50 and a woman aged 40, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

During the searches officers recovered suspected drugs, mobile phones, cash and drugs paraphernalia.

All three suspects have since been released while under investigation.

Inspector Mark Gee of Richmond Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “This is a warning to those involved in the supply and use of illegal drugs in the Richmondshire area, that this proactive work and the use of plain clothes officers will continue. We need to protect all in our community, including those being targeted by organised drug dealers as they heap misery on a large number of people and put lives at risk”

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing in their area is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

**Operation Expedite**

The Expedite team focus on those involved in drug dealing, particularly what’s known as “County Lines” which is where dealers travel from outside of North Yorkshire to pedal drugs in our towns. They often exploit vulnerable and young people and force them to sell their drugs for them. The Expedite teams work proactively to prevent and detect drug dealing and associated offences. They also work to safeguard and protect those who are vulnerable and targeted by organised drug dealing networks.

******Spot the signs of drug dealing in your neighbourhood**

**** Increased callers at a property

 * Increase in cars, including unfamiliar vehicles pulling up for short periods of time
 * Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
 * Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
 * Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
 * Substance misuse and/or drug paraphernalia
 * Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
 * Resident with unexplained injuries

Posted on 14 August 2020 at 12:08pm in News stories
