```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T15:14:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-26T15:13:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted theft of a motorbike that occurred in Ainthorpe near Danby, Whitby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal following attempted motorbike theft in Ainthorpe near Danby, Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-attempted-motorbike-theft-ainthorpe-near-danby-whitby/
title: Police appeal following attempted motorbike theft in Ainthorpe near Danby, Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-following-attempted-motorbike-theft-ainthorpe-near-danby-whitby/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 03:14pm

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted theft of a motorbike that occurred in Ainthorpe near Danby, Whitby.

The attempted theft occured on Brook Lane, Ainthorpe near Danby, Whitby at 11:25 pm on Sunday 25th October 2015 and involved an unknown individual attempting to steal a silver, black and yellow coloured Yamaha Thundercat Sports motorbike which was parked outside on the street.

The offender was witnessed getting into a small hatch back style vehicle being driven by another individual which was then seen to flee the area.

North Yorkshire Police are conducting enquiries and are requesting the publics assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we would like to hear from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in Brook Lane and its surrounding areas around that time, particularly if anyone saw a small hatch back vehicle driving around Danby, Ainthorpe and Castleton.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Knowles. You can also email nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150189639.

Date 26 October 2015

Posted on 26 October 2015 at 03:13pm in News stories
