```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-14T12:28:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A successful police crime prevention campaign is returning to York just in time for the summer.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Operation-Joypad-patrols-in-The-Groves-on-Monday-12-June-2017.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Joypad brings misery to burglars this summer - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-joypad-brings-misery-burglars-summer/
title: Operation Joypad brings misery to burglars this summer
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-joypad-brings-misery-burglars-summer/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A successful police crime prevention campaign is returning to York just in time for the summer.

Operation Joypad will see dozens of officers, PCSOs, Special Constables and volunteers take to the streets to ensure the city’s homes are protected against criminals.

Last year’s operation saw a significant decrease in burglaries across the city, down 25% on the previous year – so police are urging residents to do their bit to ensure that trend continues.

PC Andrew Pearson, of York Police, said: “As the warm summer evenings arrive, people may be tempted to leave doors and windows open or unlocked. Unfortunately, opportunist criminals will be on the look-out for insecure properties, and won’t hesitate to walk in and steal phones, tablets, car keys and any other valuables they can get hold of.

“Our crime data show that burglaries tend to increase in the summer months. That’s why it’s so important to keep doors and windows shut and locked. A few extra seconds spent on simple security measures can save many hours of hassle and heartache dealing with the consequences of a burglary.”

When Operation Joypad is running, officers will patrol residential areas of the city, and identify any potentially vulnerable or insecure properties. Residents will be offered crime prevention advice, and the opportunity to security mark their property using the force’s dot peen property marking machines.

Social media such as Twitter and Facebook, and the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system, will also be used to promote widespread crime prevention messages throughout the operation.

Key areas for Joypad patrols have been identified using a combination of public sector data, crime statistics, local knowledge and police intelligence. Patrols began at the start of June, already taking place in the Haxby Road and Cornlands Road areas, and will continue throughout the summer.

When Joypad ran last year, tens of thousands of homes in York were checked, with less than one in ten found to be insecure. Following the operation, crime statistics showed a large fall in burglaries. There were 1,220 burglaries in York in 2015, down to just 915 in 2016 – a 25% decrease.

Nevertheless, burglaries typically increase in the summer months – in 2016 there were 311 burglaries in York from July to September, compared with just 193 from October to December.

PC Pearson added: “York is a very safe city, and residents can be reassured that officers will be on patrol to ensure burglars are kept at bay. However, I’m also urging people to help us by taking steps to protect their own homes. If you feel you need crime prevention advice, don’t hesitate to contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team.”

As part of Operation Joypad, police use dot peen security machines to mark items of property, including tablets, phones and cycles, with a permanent number. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide vital evidence to secure prosecutions.

Officers are also promoting North Yorkshire Community Messaging, a free alert and information service which residents can use to stay informed via text, email or app. To find out more, visit www.nycm.co.uk

Posted on 14 June 2017 at 12:28pm in News stories
