```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-17T14:53:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-17T13:15:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Responding to issues raised by residents, York\u2019s City Task Force spent this week targeting vehicle crime in the city centre \u2013 with successful results. The operation, which ran from Monday 13 July, saw three vehicles seized and taken off the road, eight traffic offence reports issued (for offences including using a mobile phone at the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Task Force targets traffic offences in York city centre clampdown - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/task-force-targets-traffic-offences-in-york-city-centre-clampdown/
title: Task Force targets traffic offences in York city centre clampdown
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/task-force-targets-traffic-offences-in-york-city-centre-clampdown/
```

Last modified: 17 July 2020 at 03:53pm

A task force of police officers working to keep York residents and businesses safe have clamped down on road offences in a high-profile week of action.

Responding to issues raised by residents, York’s City Task Force spent this week targeting vehicle crime in the city centre – with successful results.

The operation, which ran from Monday 13 July, saw three vehicles seized and taken off the road, eight traffic offence reports issued (for offences including using a mobile phone at the wheel), one person reported for summons for driving disqualified and an arrest for failing to stop for police.

With motorists returning to the roads as Covid-19 restrictions are eased, officers have pledged to keep up the pressure on those committing traffic offences, to help keep innocent road users safe.

York’s City Task Force launched in September 2019, with seven officers dedicated to target and disrupt anti-social behaviour and crime in the city centre. Since then, the team have made 147 arrests.

In April this year, the team was restructured, splitting into two, enabling officers to give seven-day cover across the city.

In addition to dealing with issues raised by the community, and responding to incidents as they happen, officers from the City Task Force plan intelligence-led operations. Such work has led to several arrests for possession with intent to supply illegal drugs in the city.

Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police, said: “Everyone on the team is proud that York is such a safe city, with very low levels of crime and anti-social behaviour.

“With officers from the City Task Force working alongside our Neighbourhood Policing Teams, and colleagues from Response and Proactive Policing departments, we have the resources in place to help keep it that way.

“We’ve already had really positive feedback from residents who are seeing increased police visibility in the city. We’re also urging people who live and work within York’s city walls to get in touch if they’d like to raise any issues with us.”

Residents can contact the City Task Force via yorkctf@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, or 101. Remember to call 999 in an emergency or if a crime is taking place.

Posted on 17 July 2020 at 02:15pm in News stories
