```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:14:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-03T11:00:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a garage burglary where two adult hybrid cycles were stolen and damage caused at Wighill.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/09//Giant-Rapid-2.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two cycles stolen during garage burglary at Wighill - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-cycles-stolen-garage-burglary-wighill/
title: Two cycles stolen during garage burglary at Wighill
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-cycles-stolen-garage-burglary-wighill/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:14am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information in relation to a garage burglary where two adult hybrid cycles were stolen and damage caused at Wighill.

View image

It happened at Main Street, Wighill between 7.45am and 5pm on Tuesday 27 September 2016.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Entry was forced to a detached garage during daylight hours via the side door at a residential address.

Two cycles were stolen. The first is described as a black and red gents Giant Rapid 2 hybrid cycle with 27 gears, some scuffs on the bell and a cycle pump on the down tube, as new condition (similar to the one pictured but with red writing and without disk breaks). The second cycle is described as a silver and pink ladies Giant FCR 2 hybrid cycle with 27 gears in good used condition.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Neil Roworth. You can also email neil.roworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-27092016-0393

Contact details:
 Neil Roworth \- #1571
neil.roworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 NYP-27092016-0393
Posted on 3 October 2016 at 11:00am in Local appeals
