```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-23T16:17:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Four major police operations in York have seen drugs taken off the streets, stolen property recovered, anti-social moped riders stopped and defective vehicles fixed.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Success for four community-led York neighbourhood policing operations - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-four-community-led-york-neighbourhood-policing-operations/
title: Success for four community-led York neighbourhood policing operations
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-four-community-led-york-neighbourhood-policing-operations/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Four major police operations in York have seen drugs taken off the streets, stolen property recovered, anti-social moped riders stopped and defective vehicles fixed.

Throughout February and March 2017, the York North Neighbourhood Policing Team launched four targeted operations, directly as a result of specific community concerns and information.

Operation Cocoon focussed on executing drugs warrants. Over the two-month period, nine warrants were executed under the Misuse of Drugs Act, resulting in nine arrests, the seizure of a substantial quantity of class A and B drugs, and items of stolen property recovered and returned to their rightful owners. Officers involved in Cocoon also managed to locate and arrest three wanted suspects and a stolen car.

Operation Concept responded to concerns raised by the local community about cycling offences. It saw officers and PCSOs deployed to ‘hotspots’, and in the space of a month more than 50 Traffic Offence Reports were issued for offences such as cycling on the pavement, cycling with no lights and ignoring obligatory road traffic signs.

Reports of anti-social behaviour caused by moped users prompted Operation Confiscate. In a single month, officers stop checked about 50 such vehicles in the Rawcliffe and Clifton Moor areas of York. In all, 13 mopeds were seized for traffic offences, vehicle defects or lack of insurance.

Motoring offences were also the target of Operation Clutch, which involved officers checking vehicles and drivers. Nine vehicle defect notifications were issued, requiring them to be promptly repaired, two vehicles were seized for having no tax, several drivers were reported for no insurance and seven Traffic Offence Reports were issued for other motoring offences.

Officers have put social media to good use, keeping members of the public up-to-date on all four operations via Twitter, @snayorknorth, and the York North Police Facebook page, at facebook.com/yorknorthpolice

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “It’s really important that we listen to the concerns of local residents, and deal with the issues that matter to them. Our four major operations were all based on information and intelligence provided by the local community – quite simply, we couldn’t have done it without them.

“I also want to make it clear that this isn’t the end of the matter. These operations secured excellent results, but they are not just a one-off, and we will continue to carry out targeted patrols, understand community concerns and act on their information.”

You can speak to your local Neighbourhood Policing Team by dialling 101 and selecting option 2.

Posted on 23 March 2017 at 04:17pm in News stories
