```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T09:51:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-20T09:50:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor injury road traffic collision that occurred on Princess Royal Park in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following minor injury collision in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-minor-injury-collision-scarborough/
title: Appeal following minor injury collision in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-minor-injury-collision-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 09:51am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a minor injury road traffic collision that occurred on Princess Royal Park in Scarborough.

It happened at Tuesday 14th April 2015 at approximately 9:15pm and involved a silver coloured car being driven by a male aged in his 30's with bald head and facial hair.

A 14-year-old female pedestrian who was walking over the junction and was hit by the silver car which was turning left into the junction from Filey Road suffered a minor injury to her left leg. The girl was later taken to Scarborough District Hospital and treated for pain to her left thigh and foot and has been discharged following treatment.

We are appealing to the driver of the vehicle to come forward and for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

The only other identifying feature of the vehicle was that the witness can recall is that it had a yellow badge or emblem on the side panel of the vehicle which could indicate a private hire taxi vehicle and therefore would appeal to local taxi firms in particular to see if they can provide any information about the incident.

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gary Evans. You can also email Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150062314.

20 April 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150062314

Posted on 20 April 2015 at 09:50am in News stories
