```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-05T13:44:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Catterick Garrison in which an 11-year-old boy was approached by a man, have issued an efit of a person they want to identify.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Efit issued after boy approached in Catterick Garrison - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-after-boy-approached-in-catterick-garrison/
title: Efit issued after boy approached in Catterick Garrison
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/efit-issued-after-boy-approached-in-catterick-garrison/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Detectives investigating an incident in Catterick Garrison in which an 11-year-old boy was approached by a man, have issued an efit of a person they want to identify.

At around 6.15pm to 6.30pm on Thursday 26 February 2015, the boy was playing on a grassed area near to woods on Somerset Close, Catterick Garrison when the man approached him and got hold of his arm. The boy broke free and ran off and the man walked away in the direction of the woods.

The man is described as around 25 years old, of slim build and taller than 5ft 8in. He was wearing dark ripped jeans and a dark coloured coat over a dark hooded top pulled up over his head. He had a black rucksack with "Adidas" in white on his back and spoke with a local accent.

Police are appealing to anyone who recognises the man from the efit or has any information about the incident, to please contact the police.

Detective Constable Claire Starkey of Northallerton CID, said: "Incidents of this nature are very rare, but very concerning when they do get reported. We are asking for the public's help to identify the man and prevent any further incidents. In this instance, the boy did exactly the right thing and ran off and told his mum who then called the police."

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and ask for DC Claire Starkey or email claire.starkey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference number 12150032120.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Our advice to young people is never go with a stranger, never take things from a stranger, never get in a car with a stranger, and always tell your parents or carer where you are, who you are with and what time you will be home.

If a stranger tries to touch you, tell them no, get home or to a safe place and tell your parents, carer or someone you trust straight away.

Posted on 5 March 2015 at 01:44pm in News stories
