```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-27T16:04:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-27T09:52:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Suspects targeted a building site on Tadcaster Road in Dringhouses, York, last night &#8211; but after an immediate police response, they ran off apparently empty-handed. North Yorkshire Police were called at 11.20pm on Wednesday 26 February 2020, by a witness reporting suspicious activity, and officers were at the scene within four minutes. A Vauxhall Corsa [&hellip;]
  image: https://dmscdn.vuelio.co.uk/publicitem/aab7f411-625a-4b1c-a97d-7f96093eff5f
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Suspected fuel thieves thwarted after immediate response by police - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fuel-thieves-interrupted-after-immediate-response-by-police/
title: Suspected fuel thieves thwarted after immediate response by police
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fuel-thieves-interrupted-after-immediate-response-by-police/
```

Last modified: 27 February 2020 at 04:04pm

A large of amount of diesel has been recovered after suspected thieves were disturbed by police in York.

Suspects targeted a building site on Tadcaster Road in Dringhouses, York, last night - but after an immediate police response, they ran off apparently empty-handed.

North Yorkshire Police were called at 11.20pm on Wednesday 26 February 2020, by a witness reporting suspicious activity, and officers were at the scene within four minutes.

A Vauxhall Corsa was found abandoned nearby, containing several large drums of suspected stolen diesel fuel. The car has been seized by police for forensic examination. The fuel will be returned to its rightful owner.

A number of men were seen running across Tadcaster Road around the time of the incident, and enquiries are ongoing to locate them.

Officers are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident, and to gain the details of anyone who suspects they have been a victim of these suspects.

Anyone who witnessed a group of three men or the vehicle around the time of the incident, or has any information that could assist the ongoing investigation, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference NYP-26022020-0547.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: "By their nature, building sites and compounds - particularly those in rural areas, or areas away from residential property - are vulnerable and attractive targets for criminals.

"That means it’s really important to take extra security measures. Wherever possible, keep vehicles, plant and power tools in a secure and well-lit area, preferably a garage or outbuilding. Consider CCTV, fuel cap alarms, cages and other security measures.

"Even simple techniques like ‘defensive parking’ – parking vehicles against solid objects on the fuel tank side to prevent access – can have a strong deterrent effect.

"Also, get your property security-marked. Permanent marking, like a ‘dot peen’ security mark, will deter thieves, as it makes the equipment far harder to sell on. It will also be much easier for us to return it to its rightful owner if it is lost or stolen, and could provide vital evidence to secure a prosecution.

"The tools, fuel and vehicles on building sites can be worth many thousands of pounds, which is why it’s so important to keep them secure. We want the message to go out to would-be thieves that targeting building sites in York and North Yorkshire is simply not worth the risk."

Posted on 27 February 2020 at 09:52am in News stories
