```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:42:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-05T14:57:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At least three offenders took a number of attempts to break into a store in Norton, Malton last weekend, can you help our investigation? The offenders visited the One Stop store on Hambleton Road between 10.40pm on Friday, 28 April and midnight. The first attempt to break-in to the store occurred within minutes of staff [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three attempted burglaries at Norton store - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-attempted-burglaries-norton-store/
title: Three attempted burglaries at Norton store
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-attempted-burglaries-norton-store/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:42am

At least three offenders took a number of attempts to break into a store in Norton, Malton last weekend, can you help our investigation?

At least three offenders took a number of attempts to break into a store in Norton, Malton last weekend, can you help our investigation?

The offenders visited the One Stop store on Hambleton Road between 10.40pm on Friday, 28 April and midnight. The first attempt to break-in to the store occurred within minutes of staff locking up for the night which understandably has caused them concern.

Damage to the door was caused during the attempts, but no entry was gained. However, the store was left without use of their card and lottery machines over the weekend, causing financial loss to the company.

A dark coloured hatchback car was seen in the area around the time of the offences and officers believe this may have been used by the offenders. Anyone who has dash-cam footage of a car matching this description being driven in suspicious circumstances around the time of the offences is urged to contact officers with information.

The store is located in a reasonably busy area of town and it is believed there were a number of people in the area, passing the store during the break-in attempts – if you believe you could be a witness, please contact police.

Anyone who can assist with the investigation is urged to contact officers by emailing alan.robson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk quoting reference 12170072870.

Information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Contact details:
 Alan Robson \- #1
alan.robson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170072870
Posted on 5 May 2017 at 02:57pm in Local appeals
