```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-03T09:25:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-03T09:20:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The five-day North Yorkshire Police work experience programme which took place between Monday 26 and Friday 30 June, \_provided sixteen young people aged 14-15 years-old the opportunity to gain an insight into the various opportunities available in the organisation. Participants, who were nominated by their schools and went through a selection process to secure a [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/P1060567-1024x768.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police work experience programme celebrates successful pilot week - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-work-experience-programme-celebrates-successful-pilot-week/
title: Police work experience programme celebrates successful pilot week
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-work-experience-programme-celebrates-successful-pilot-week/
```

Last modified: 3 July 2017 at 10:25am

A police project which provides local young people with the chance to go behind-the-scenes and gain work experience at their local police force has celebrated its first pilot week.

The five-day North Yorkshire Police work experience programme which took place between Monday 26 and Friday 30 June, provided sixteen young people aged 14-15 years-old the opportunity to gain an insight into the various opportunities available in the organisation.

Participants, who were nominated by their schools and went through a selection process to secure a position on the scheme, came from a handful of schools in the Hambleton and Richmondshire area.

Throughout the week the students gained varied work experience in a range of departments including the Neighbourhood Policing Team, Stop and Search, Safeguarding, CID, CSI/Forensics, the Dogs and Firearms Support Units, the Force Control Room and a visit to the National Police Air Service.

They also had the opportunity to try the fitness test, learn about the role of the Police and Crime Commissioner, visit a custody suite and magistrate’s court, complete personal safety training and learn first aid skills.

Participants were asked to complete a workbook to record their experiences. To celebrate its first week, participants were presented with a certificate of attendance to recognise their achievements in completing the programme.

The project was developed in collaboration by PC Andy Collinson, Sergeant Neil Northend and HR Consultant, Nicola Smith.

Sergeant Neil Northend of North Yorkshire Police's Partnership Hub Command said:

“We developed this programme as we felt it was vital that young people had the chance to gain experience and knowledge about the vast range of opportunities available to them if they chose a career with North Yorkshire Police after their studies.

“We’ve had a great level of support from the local schools that we have engaged with through the pilot so far and are hopeful that with the right resources, we will be able to roll the programme out to other schools across the county in 2018.

“This programme could not have gone ahead without the commitment that we have had from the various partners, departments and people involved, in particular the hard work by PC Andy Collinson, plus the support from PCSO Di Smith and PC Sue Dent. It has been a real pleasure having the young people being involved in this pilot programme.”

Nicola Smith of North Yorkshire Police’s Human Resourcing team, added:

‘I am delighted that we’ve had such a positive response to our first scheme.

‘Initially inspired by the established scheme at Cheshire Constabulary we endeavoured to give students a real insight into what it’s like to work here. The broad spectrum of workshops offered gave students the chance to better understand the workings of our organisation and what a career with us could look like.

‘We hope that the students who took part enjoyed their experience as much as we’ve enjoyed having them here.’

Pictured: Successful participants on the pilot North Yorkshire Police Work Experience programme enjoying an afternoon visit to NPAS.
Pictured: Work Experience students watching a Taser demonstration at Police HQ.
Pictured: Young people celebrate their success on the pilot North Yorkshire Police Work Experience programme.

Posted on 3 July 2017 at 10:20am in News stories
