```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-21T13:46:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: He was 40-year-old John Michael Harris, of Tadcaster. One of the drivers, a 34-year-old man from the Ryedale area, was arrested on suspicion of driving while over the prescribed limit for drugs, and for driving while unfit through drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue. The original witness appeal is below. Police [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Pedestrian killed in collision on A64 is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-killed-in-collision-on-a64-is-named/
title: Pedestrian killed in collision on A64 is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pedestrian-killed-in-collision-on-a64-is-named/
```

Last modified: 21 February 2020 at 01:46pm

We are now in a position to identify the pedestrian who sadly died as a result of a collision involving three vehicles on the A64 next to York Racecourse on Tuesday 4 February 2020.

He was 40-year-old John Michael Harris, of Tadcaster.

One of the drivers, a 34-year-old man from the Ryedale area, was arrested on suspicion of driving while over the prescribed limit for drugs, and for driving while unfit through drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

**The original witness appeal is below.**

Police are appealing for witnesses and dash-cam footage following a fatal collision on the A64 in York.

The collision occurred just before 5am on Tuesday 4 February 2020, on the westbound carriageway of the A64 next to York Racecourse.

A blue Nissan Juke, a blue Ford Fiesta and a white Vauxhall Viva collided with a pedestrian, a 40-year-old man from Tadcaster, who was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Officers are appealing for anyone who saw the vehicles or the pedestrian in the moments before the collision, or the collision itself, to contact them. They are particularly interested in speaking to anyone who may have captured dash-cam footage of the incident.

Anyone with any information which could assist the investigation is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, and ask to speak to PC Julie Brown of the Major Collision Investigation Team. You can also email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Please quote reference 12200019865 when passing information.

Posted on 21 February 2020 at 01:46pm in News stories
