```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-23T14:21:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-23T12:14:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened at around 8.15pm on 15 November 2020, at a property on Hillam Common Lane, Selby. The unknown offenders have gained access to the rear of the property (a bungalow) by a secure window, by means of damaging the surround and the locking system. The offenders have climbed through the en-suite bathroom window, leading [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/image6-scaled.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after burglary in Hillam - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-burglary-in-hillam/
title: Appeal for information after burglary in Hillam
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-burglary-in-hillam/
```

Last modified: 23 November 2020 at 02:21pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred Hillam, Selby.

It happened at around 8.15pm on 15 November 2020, at a property on Hillam Common Lane, Selby.

The unknown offenders have gained access to the rear of the property (a bungalow) by a secure window, by means of damaging the surround and the locking system.

The offenders have climbed through the en-suite bathroom window, leading through to a master bedroom, conducting an untidy search. A variety of jewellery has been stolen, along with Royal Air Force documents, one of which was an Royal Air Force Driving Licence.

The residents of the property, an elderly couple, are shaken and emotionally impacted by this event and are particularly devastated at the loss of the RAF documents from 1956. One is blue and the other is a yellow/orange colour, specifically registered to Kesteven County Council.

A variety of jewellery pieces were taken, including a gold plated pocket watch with a chain,and two sentimental Raymond Weil watches from the 1950s, in gold. See images below for similar watches.

Enquiries are ongoing and Police are appealing for anybody who may have any information that can assist with our investigation to get in touch. Please dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to Emily Blackwell. Please quote the reference number 12200201525. Alternatively, you can email Emily.blackwell@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Contact details:
 Emily Blackwell \- #620
emily.blackwellyork@yahoo.co.uk | 300620
Incident reference:
 12200201525
Posted on 23 November 2020 at 12:14pm in Local appeals
