```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:47:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-25T20:46:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Julia Mulligan has today announced the completion of the purchase of Alverton Court, which will be the new headquarters for North Yorkshire Police.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Julia Mulligan confirms purchase of Alverton Court for new police HQ - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/julia-mulligan-confirms-purchase-alverton-court-new-police-hq/
title: Julia Mulligan confirms purchase of Alverton Court for new police HQ
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/julia-mulligan-confirms-purchase-alverton-court-new-police-hq/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:47pm

Julia Mulligan has today announced the completion of the purchase of Alverton Court, which will be the new headquarters for North Yorkshire Police.

Alverton Court used to house the Rural Payments Agency, and is in the centre of Northallerton, the County Town of North Yorkshire, and six miles from the current headquarters at Newby Wiske Hall.

The total cost of the move to Alverton Court is estimated to be under £7m, which includes the purchase price of the building, the cost of fitting out the offices, and the relocation itself. North Yorkshire Police hopes to move into its new HQ in late summer/early autumn 2017, after work to fit-out the building is completed.

The Alverton Court site was bought on Friday 21 August for £4.5m (£4.7 with Stamp Duty).

Compared to previous plans of moving to South Kilvington, this decision is expected to cost up to £12 million less, as well as save more than £4 million over 30 years in running costs compared to continuing with Newby Wiske Hall as North Yorkshire Police's Headquarters.

Constructed in 1999, Alverton Court offers modern facilities and good public transport links. North Yorkshire Police selected the site because it is just six miles from the current HQ, so there will be minimal impact on the workforce, but it will be cheaper to run in comparison with the Grade II listed 17th century building at Newby Wiske.

Newby Wiske Hall will be put up for sale as soon as is practicable, and the force is in discussion with planners at Hambleton District Council about potential uses for the site.

**Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, said** **:** ****_" This is another positive step forward to North Yorkshire Police, and marks another milestone in the transition in becoming a more innovative, agile and responsive police force. Moving from a Grade II listed stately home, costing over £1 million a year to run, into this much more practical and modern building is very welcome indeed. _

_Reducing the cost of North Yorkshire Police 's estate is an important part of meeting our savings targets, and frees resources which we can focus on front line policing; resources which will become increasingly scarce over the next few years."_

**Commenting on the confirmation of Alverton Court as the new HQ,** Chief Constable Dave Jones said _: "I am very pleased that the purchase of Alverton Court has been completed. The new accommodation will be much more in keeping with our needs as a modern and progressive police service._"

_Leader of Hambleton District Council, Cllr Mark Robson_ _, said:_ _ "The move into Northallerton by North Yorkshire Police will boost the District Council's ambitious plans to redevelop the prison site - where we hope to see retail, leisure, housing, business and community uses. The Rural Payment Agency closed at the same time as the prison and that has had an effect on the economy of the town. Both these schemes will help rejuvenate Northallerton and add to the vibrancy of our county town._

Posted on 25 August 2015 at 08:46pm in News stories
