```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-09T09:34:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-04T11:00:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The call for members of the public to get in touch to request a visit for their groups and organisations, received overwhelming support &#8211; and now a team of dedicated Officers, PCSOs and Volunteers have begun to deliver a roadshow of fraud prevention talks at more than 80 events across the county. While fraud is [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Take Five against fraud campaign receives overwhelming support as police teams are invited to host more than 80 events across North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/take-five-against-fraud-campaign-receives-overwhelming-support-as-police-teams-are-invited-to-host-more-than-80-events-across-north-yorkshire/
title: Take Five against fraud campaign receives overwhelming support as police teams are invited to host more than 80 events across North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/take-five-against-fraud-campaign-receives-overwhelming-support-as-police-teams-are-invited-to-host-more-than-80-events-across-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 9 July 2018 at 10:34am

Last month, North Yorkshire Police called for community groups, services and organisations across the county to take part in the ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ fraud awareness campaign.

The call for members of the public to get in touch to request a visit for their groups and organisations, received overwhelming support - and now a team of dedicated Officers, PCSOs and Volunteers have begun to deliver a roadshow of fraud prevention talks at more than 80 events across the county.

While fraud is emerging as one of the fastest growing areas of concern for people across the county, North Yorkshire Police understands that the best form of protection from this type of crime is through awareness.

And that’s why the roadshow will reach out to the heart of communities, in a bid to take fraud prevention advice direct to members of the public, especially those who are most at risk and are vulnerable.

Thanks to the overwhelming response, the force is already on track to meet its ambitious plans to visit each of 16 neighbourhood policing areas before the end of the year, but they can’t do it without the support of the public.

Commenting on the response from the public Detective Inspector Jon Hodgeon, Head of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Fraud and Economic Crime Unit said:

“It only takes a few simple preventative measures to stay safe from fraudsters so we’re pleased that so many members of the public have come forward to request a visit from one of our officers to their community group or organisation.

“By taking our prevention advice right into the heart of our communities, especially those who are most at risk and are vulnerable, we’re giving people the best chance to stay safe from fraudsters.

“We would urge any services or groups who feel that their members or residents would benefit from finding out more about how to protect themselves against fraud to get in touch."

The events which are open to the public will take place in:

**Barton**

 * Fraud prevention session to Barton Village Institute on 8 July from 4pm.

**Harrogate**

 * Fighting Fraud in Valley Gardens, Valley Drive, Harrogate HG1 2SZ, on 16 July from 12pm until 4pm.
 * Protecting yourself and your loved ones from financial fraud at Harrogate Police Station, Beckwith Head Road, Harrogate, HG3 1FR on 9 August from 6.30pm until 8pm.

**Long Preston**

 * Fraud awareness session at Long Preston (Village Institute), The Green, Skipton, North Yorkshire, BD23 4NU on 6 July at 1pm.

**Oulston**

 * Fraud awareness session at Oulston Parish Meeting on 9 October at 7pm.

**Richmond**

 * Fighting Fraud in the Market Place: meet the police and your local banks at Market Place, Richmond on 10 July from 9am until 1pm.

**Malton**

 * Fraud awareness session at Ryedale Forum for Older People - 'Serious' meeting’ at Ryedale Malton and Norton Rugby Club, Old Malton Road, Malton, YO17 7EY on 22 November from 10am until 10.30am.

**Scarborough**

 * Protecting yourself and your loved ones from financial fraud at Scarborough Police Station, Northway, Scarborough YO12 7AD, on 16 August from 6.30pm until 8pm.

**Thirsk**

 * Fraud awareness session at Barclays, 24 Market Place, Thirsk YO7 1LF, on 6 July at 10am.
 * Fraud awareness session at Barclays, 24 Market Place, Thirsk YO7 1LF, on 10 August at 10am.

**Whitby**

 * Fraud awareness session for customers at Whitby Library, Windsor Terrace, Whitby, YO21 1ET on 10 July at 2pm.
 * Fraud awareness session at Eastside Community Centre, Abbots Road, Whitby, YO22 4EA, on 11 July at 11.30am.
 * Fraud awareness session at Marton Court Community Centre, Marton Court, Bylands Road, Whitby on 18 July at 10.30am.
 * Fraud awareness session at Sleights Community Centre, 53 Coach Road, Sleights, Whitby, YO22 5BT, 18 July at 12.30pm.
 * Fraud awareness session for customers at Sainsbury's, Stainsacre Lane, Whitby YO22 4NL on 20 July at 11am.

**York**

 * Fraud Prevention Workshop at Vernon House, Vernon Close, Bishopthorpe, York YO23 2RH on 10 July from 6pm until 8pm.
 * Protecting yourself and your loved ones from financial fraud at Fulford Road Police Station, Fulford Rd, York YO10 4BY, on 19 July from 6.30pm until 8pm.

If you would like to request for a visit from North Yorkshire Police, please contact corporatecommunications@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please provide:

 * Name and position of visit organiser
 * Full name of group / organisation
 * Full address of group / organisation
 * Email address of visit organiser
 * Contact number of visit organiser
 * Number of people you’d like us to speak to
 * Age range of audience

More details about the ‘Take Five North Yorkshire’ campaign and advice on how to keep safe from fraud can be found at northyorkshire.police.uk/fraud

**If you are a victim of fraud**

If you believe you have been a victim of fraud, call North Yorkshire Police on 101 or report it to Action Fraud by visiting actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040. In an emergency or if a crime is in action dial 999.

If you have any information regarding those responsible for such crimes, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org.

Posted on 4 July 2018 at 12:00pm in News stories
