```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-20T13:21:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A police operation will help York\u2019s children and young people enjoy their summer holidays safely right from the start."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Summer operation to keep York young people safe and target anti-social behaviour - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-operation-keep-york-young-people-safe-target-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Summer operation to keep York young people safe and target anti-social behaviour
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-operation-keep-york-young-people-safe-target-anti-social-behaviour/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A police operation will help York’s children and young people enjoy their summer holidays safely right from the start.

York’s Neighbourhood Policing Team will work with the Community Safety Support Team to implement Operation Liberate, which reinforces local policing and aims to reduce the harm that anti-social behaviour causes to local communities.

While York is a very safe city, young people may be at risk due to their location, the time of day, their peer group and the potential to become involved in anti-social behaviour. Police on Operation Liberate will identify young people in potentially vulnerable situations, and take steps to keep them safe, while tackling any anti-social behaviour they identify.

Operation Liberate ran for the first time in 2015, and gets underway this year on Friday 21 July.

Sergeant Danny Leach, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “We want to ensure that York remains a great and friendly city for children and young people, so during the summer holidays, some youngsters may need support to ensure they don’t put themselves at unnecessary risk.

“We want young people to enjoy their summer holidays, but we want them to do it in a safe, considerate and appropriate manner and to avoid getting involved in anti-social behaviour. Operation Liberate is all about the police being visible in the community, identifying and safeguarding the vulnerable, responding to calls from members of the community regarding anti-social behaviour and engaging with young people.

“Instances of anti-social behaviour and of young people being at risk were very few last year and this initiative aims to keep it that way. It’s important that we set appropriate behaviour levels to help young people in York to carry on keeping and feeling safe.”

If you are aware of anti-social behaviour taking place, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Posted on 20 July 2017 at 02:21pm in News stories
