```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-25T15:20:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Each participant in the Unity Cycle Ride will wear a bracelet inscribed with a name of someone they are cycling to remember and Dee\u2019s bracelet bears the name of PC Richard Ellerker who died on December 26 1993. PC Ellerker was on foot patrol in York when he was injured while arresting a drunk and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Denise-Wond-2-256x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Inspector Denise Wond cycles in memory of fallen police officer - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-denise-wond-cycles-in-memory-of-fallen-police-officer/
title: Inspector Denise Wond cycles in memory of fallen police officer
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-denise-wond-cycles-in-memory-of-fallen-police-officer/
```

Last modified: 25 July 2019 at 04:20pm

North Yorkshire Police Inspector Denise Wond will tomorrow (26 July 2019) begin a 180 mile fundraising cycle ride in memory of fallen police officers across the country.

Each participant in the Unity Cycle Ride will wear a bracelet inscribed with a name of someone they are cycling to remember and Dee’s bracelet bears the name of PC Richard Ellerker who died on December 26 1993. PC Ellerker was on foot patrol in York when he was injured while arresting a drunk and violent male. A few hours later he suffered a fatal heart attack.

First beginning in the United States in 1997, the Unity Cycle Ride raises money for charity Care of Police Survivors (COPS) and involves participants cycling from a location close to their home police force and culminating at the National Memorial Arboretum in Lichfield, Staffordshire.

Denise will set off on Friday 26 July from Humberside Police Headquarters and join colleagues from across the North of England cycling to Staffordshire where they will take part in the Care of Police Survivors Annual Service of Remembrance. During the ride Denise will be joined by fellow North Yorkshire Police Officer Marie Williams who has an important role as part of the cyclist's support team.

Speaking about the cycle ride, Denise said: “This year I am riding in memory of PC Richard Ellerker, a North Yorkshire Police officer who tragically died on Boxing Day in 1993, aged 42, leaving his family behind. Whilst realising the dangers of policing, nobody expects to die in the line of duty. When such a tragedy does occur, the surviving family endures emotions including denial, bewilderment, anger and depression. COPS provides an incredible support service to the families of police officers who have lost their lives, helping them to cope with the aftermath of such a tragedy and rebuild their lives whilst ensuring they remain part of the close-knit police family. “Every single mile of my cycle ride will be dedicated to the memory of PC Ellerker and his family.”

To donate to Dee’s cycle ride visit her Just Giving page

Posted on 25 July 2019 at 04:20pm in News stories
