```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-12T11:37:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-12T11:30:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A blue Land Rover Defender Turbo &#8211; worth more than \xA310,000 &#8211; was reported stolen from the Pickering area of Ryedale, between 1 and 2 November 2020. Police enquiries to find the vehicle began. On Thursday 5 November 2020, acting immediately on information received, North Yorkshire Police officers attended a location south of York at [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/11/12200192893-done-1024x858.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police drone with thermal imaging camera locates stolen Land Rover - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-drone-with-thermal-imaging-camera-locates-stolen-land-rover/
title: Police drone with thermal imaging camera locates stolen Land Rover
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-drone-with-thermal-imaging-camera-locates-stolen-land-rover/
```

Last modified: 12 November 2020 at 11:37am

This is the dramatic moment a police drone located a suspected stolen Land Rover Defender, its bonnet glowing hot in the darkness.

A blue Land Rover Defender Turbo - worth more than £10,000 - was reported stolen from the Pickering area of Ryedale, between 1 and 2 November 2020.

Police enquiries to find the vehicle began. On Thursday 5 November 2020, acting immediately on information received, North Yorkshire Police officers attended a location south of York at 9.50pm.

Night had fallen, so officers deployed a drone with a thermal imaging camera, looking down into a locked compound. From above, the drone clearly identified a parked Land Rover with a glowing white bonnet - indicating that its engine was still warm. The vehicle was recovered for forensic examination.

The following day, officers arrested three men in York on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle. They have been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Earlier this year, North Yorkshire Police published crime prevention advice after a spate of Land Rover thefts from rural areas - advice which officers are reiterating today.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: “It is important that all Land Rover owners, and especially those living in rural areas, take extra precautions to secure their vehicles.

“Members of the public act as our eyes and ears, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity around parked vehicles, please call us, and we will take action.”

Owners of Land Rovers in North Yorkshire are being asked to follow this crime prevention advice:

 * Fit a vehicle tracking system
 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Park in a locked garage or other secure area if you have one, or in a well-lit open space if not
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Never leave the vehicle’s keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it
 * Have the vehicle’s windows etched with the vehicle identification number
 * Review your home and business premises security – consider CCTV, gates etc.

If you are aware of any suspicious activity around Land Rovers or other vehicles, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Your local Neighbourhood Policing Team or Rural Taskforce officer can offer bespoke crime prevention advice for rural homes, businesses and vehicles. They can be also contacted via 101.

Posted on 12 November 2020 at 11:30am in News stories, Rural
