```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T20:54:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-31T20:53:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Skipton detectives are appealing for information following a robbery at Bolton Abbey on the afternoon of Friday 28 August 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery at Bolton Abbey - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-bolton-abbey/
title: Appeal following robbery at Bolton Abbey
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-robbery-bolton-abbey/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 08:54pm

Skipton detectives are appealing for information following a robbery at Bolton Abbey on the afternoon of Friday 28 August 2015.

Police were called to the incident at around 2.30pm after the owner of a local business was threatened by a man wearing a balaclava who stole a small amount of cash and personal items.

It is believed that two men were involved in the incident. They left the scene in a silver Ford Puma car which was found burnt out shortly afterwards, just off the A59 at Bolton Abbey. It is then believed that the offenders left that location in a small black hatchback, heading in the direction of Harrogate.

Police are appealing to anyone in the Bolton Abbey area who saw any suspicious activity or vehicles in and around the village at the time of the incident, or in the hours leading up to it, to come forward.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, and ask for Skipton Serious Crime Team.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150151480 when passing on information.

No-one was injured during the incident, but the experience left the victims very shaken up.

A man has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

31 August 2015

Posted on 31 August 2015 at 08:53pm in News stories
