```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-18T13:16:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-18T13:09:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Paul Blanchard, 73, of St Oswald\u2019s Court, Fulford, York, was sentenced in February 2008 to six and a half years\u2019 imprisonment for possessing criminal property (value \xA312,500), obtaining a money transfer by deception (value \xA330,000), conspiracy to obtain a money transfer by deception (value \xA34.3 million) and conspiracy to conceal, disguise, convert or transfer criminal [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Oakland-House-Essex-300x224.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "\u201CDevious\u201D North Yorkshire fraudster ordered to pay back more than \xA31m - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/devious-north-yorkshire-fraudster-ordered-to-pay-back-more-than-1m/
title: "\u201CDevious\u201D North Yorkshire fraudster ordered to pay back more than \xA31m"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/devious-north-yorkshire-fraudster-ordered-to-pay-back-more-than-1m/
```

Last modified: 18 September 2018 at 02:16pm

A North Yorkshire man involved in a multi-million pound fraud spanning the UK, Spain, Gibraltar and Tenerife, has been ordered to pay back over £1million pounds after being ‘doggedly pursued’ by financial investigators for the past 10 years.

Paul Blanchard, 73, of St Oswald’s Court, Fulford, York, was sentenced in February 2008 to six and a half years’ imprisonment for possessing criminal property (value £12,500), obtaining a money transfer by deception (value £30,000), conspiracy to obtain a money transfer by deception (value £4.3 million) and conspiracy to conceal, disguise, convert or transfer criminal property (value £375,000).

Prior to being sentenced, confiscation proceedings pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 were triggered.

A complex and lengthy financial investigation was carried out by the North East Regional Asset Recovery Team (RART) into Blanchard’s affairs in order to establish the benefit to him from his offending, to identify, secure and preserve assets that might be used to satisfy any confiscation order made against him and to compensate those victims of his extensive criminality.

On Monday (17 September), Blanchard appeared before Teesside Crown Court where he was made subject to a Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 confiscation order in the sum of £1,026,887.45 which will be settled from the sale of properties in York and Essex, together with a high-value personalised registration number.

Should Blanchard not satisfy the confiscation order within three months, he will be returned to prison for a further five years. Serving that sentence will not extinguish the confiscation order.

In addition to the confiscation order, the court made compensation orders totalling £793,438.81 in respect of the victims of Blanchard’s criminality. The compensation will be paid out of the confiscation.

Ramona Senior, Head of the North East RART, said: “I am delighted that this long-running case has finally been brought to a conclusion, particularly as 80 per cent of the funds confiscated will be used to recompense Blanchard’s victims.

“My staff have doggedly pursued Blanchard over the years it has taken to get to this stage and demonstrates both that the interests of victims of crime are given the highest priority and that delays only serve to put off the inevitable.

“If Blanchard fails to realise the assets subject of this order, we will appoint enforcement receivers and sell them irrespective of cooperation on his part.”

Detective Inspector Jon Hodgeon, head of North Yorkshire Police’s Economic Crime Unit, said: “This is a fantastic result and is testament to the support of victims in the case and the collaborative work of law enforcement. It is excellent that victims of this devious crime will be compensated following the judgement.

“This judgement is the result of many years of hard work and demonstrates that you simply cannot hide your assets and we will hold you to account.

“I thank the officers of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Fraud Investigation Team who secured the original conviction, as well as the support provided by the Regional Asset Recovery Team in achieving the order against Blanchard.”

Posted on 18 September 2018 at 02:09pm in News stories
