```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-06-12T10:17:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Young people aged 14 to 16 who live or study in the Richmondshire area, are invited to apply for the 16 places available. The unit will be based at Risedale Sports and Community College in Catterick Garrison where cadet training nights will take place during term time. Here cadets will learn about policing duties, policing [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Scarborough20Cadets20320email.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Young people wanted for new Volunteer Police Cadet unit in Richmondshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/young-people-wanted-new-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-richmondshire/
title: Young people wanted for new Volunteer Police Cadet unit in Richmondshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/young-people-wanted-new-volunteer-police-cadet-unit-richmondshire/
```

Last modified: 12 June 2017 at 10:17am

North Yorkshire Police is opening a third Volunteer Police Cadet unit in Catterick, Richmondshire.

Young people aged 14 to 16 who live or study in the Richmondshire area, are invited to apply for the 16 places available.

The unit will be based at Risedale Sports and Community College in Catterick Garrison where cadet training nights will take place during term time. Here cadets will learn about policing duties, policing skills and basic law, as well as taking part in physical activity and drill.

It will be the first ever Volunteer Police Cadet (VPC) unit in the area and follows a successful pilot launched two years ago in York and the opening of a second unit in Scarborough last year.

Chief Constable Dave Jones, said: “I’m delighted that we are now able to open a third cadet unit based in Catterick and give more young people a chance to learn new skills, make new friends, have fun, and at the same time, help their community.

“My thanks go to Risedale College for their support in getting the unit off the ground. I look forward to watching their progress and hearing about their activities. If York or Scarborough are anything to go by, they will have a fantastic time and learn skills for life.”

Risedale Principal Colin Scott, added: “I am very proud that our students will now have this unique opportunity available to them right here at Risedale. We believe that in preparing our students for life it is essential that their time with us is a rounded and engaging experience and this new partnership offers just that.”

York VPC Shawny Dixon, said: “I have loved every minute of cadets and have met some wonderful people. I have got so much experience since joining and have had so much fun! I would recommend it, even if you don’t want to be in the police as a job, it is a great experience just to meet some really inspirational people and have fun.”

Scarborough VPC, Tom Dixon, added: “I have thoroughly enjoyed Cadets so far, it is a fabulous experience that teaches you new skills and motivates you to strive towards something. My best moment so far was when we had a presentation delivered by Dementia Friends. In this we learnt valuable new things, useful in cadets and in life.”

The aim of the cadet scheme is to encourage a spirit of adventure, good citizenship and increase self-esteem and confidence. It also helps to promote a practical understanding of policing among young people and aims to inspire them to participate positively in their communities.

In addition to their weekly training nights, cadets will be expected to contribute at least three hours each month to cadet duties. These range from assisting with local community events, helping their local police teams with leaflet drops, crime prevention and community safety events, street surveys, and as role play volunteers in the training of student officers.

After the first three months of initial training, cadets will take their oath at a passing out ceremony attended by family and friends.

Cadets will be issued with a uniform but must provide their own black shoes.

For more information and to apply, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/cadets

Posted on 12 June 2017 at 10:17am in News stories
