```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-01-18T12:40:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Richmondshire are urging residents to take advantage of a high-tech new security marking system to deter thieves and protect their property.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/10/Bike-website.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New property marking system coming to Richmondshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-property-marking-system-coming-richmondshire/
title: New property marking system coming to Richmondshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-property-marking-system-coming-richmondshire/
```

Last modified: 18 January 2017 at 12:40pm

Police in Richmondshire are urging residents to take advantage of a high-tech new security marking system to deter thieves and protect their property.

The local Neighbourhood Policing Team has invested in a top-of-the-range “dot peen” property marking machine, and is offering the service free to residents and businesses.

Every year, police recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals, but all too often there is no way of identifying its rightful owners. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get the property back, but it can also provide evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

Sergeant Stuart Grainger, of Richmondshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “Richmondshire is a very safe place, but we do know that cross-border criminals target rural areas like ours, on the look-out for unattended outbuildings containing valuable property.

“Dot peen is suitable for use on farm equipment, bikes, saddles, electronic devices, tools and much more – and marking your property is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of crime. Criminals will see the permanent unique number, and know immediately that your property is too hot to handle. If the worst happened and you were targeted, marked property is far harder to sell on, and we are much more likely to be able to return it to you.”

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto the national Immobilise property register database, vastly increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

The new machine can mark at a speed of two characters per second, to an accuracy of 0.006mm, and can be used on everything from saddles and farm equipment tools to PlayStations and laptop computers.

While other methods of property marking, such as UV marker pens or forensically-coded liquid, can also be very effective in reuniting property with its rightful owners, the visual deterrent of a permanently marked serial number alone could be enough to deter would-be thieves.

For more information about the free dot peen property marking service in Richmondshire, please email richmondshirepropertymarking@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk, or pick up a leaflet from your local police station in Richmond, Leyburn or Catterick Garrison. The service is also promoted on Twitter using #whatisdotpeen.

Earlier this month, North Yorkshire Police joined forces with Cleveland Police to launch dot peen in Cleveland, ensuring property is protected from criminals who move between the borders of both areas to commit crime.

Dot peen property marking is also available elsewhere in North Yorkshire, including York, Selby and Harrogate. Contact your local Neighbourhood Policing Team to find out about the service in your area.

Posted on 18 January 2017 at 12:40pm in News stories
