```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-01-28T15:38:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The survey looked at public perceptions of the service, including fear of crime, perceptions of the level of crime and anti-social behaviour, and people\u2019s views about the level of police presence. The results showed that public perceptions are mixed. Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Ciaron Irvine responded by saying: \u201CWe are a public service, so feedback [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: '&quot;We&#039;ll take action to improve Neighbourhood Policing,&quot; pledges North Yorkshire Police chief - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/well-take-action-to-improve-neighbourhood-policing-pledges-north-yorkshire-police-chief/
title: '"We''ll take action to improve Neighbourhood Policing," pledges North Yorkshire Police chief'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/well-take-action-to-improve-neighbourhood-policing-pledges-north-yorkshire-police-chief/
```

Last modified: 28 January 2019 at 03:38pm

Today, North Yorkshire’s Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner published the findings of a survey into neighbourhood policing.

The survey looked at public perceptions of the service, including fear of crime, perceptions of the level of crime and anti-social behaviour, and people’s views about the level of police presence. The results showed that public perceptions are mixed.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Ciaron Irvine responded by saying: “We are a public service, so feedback from the people we serve is immensely valuable, and we take it to heart. As a Chief Officer Team, we’re grateful to the 1,421 residents, Councillors and business owners who took the time to participate in the Commissioner’s survey, out of the 820,000 residents we serve.

“Just to give some context, the latest crime figures from the Office of National Statistics show that North Yorkshire continues to be the safest place to live in England, and Her Majesty’s Inspectorate rates the Force as good at keeping people safe and reducing crime. According the national public perception report, which was published earlier this month, we are amongst the top ranked Forces in the country for public satisfaction, for dealing with local issues and for treating people fairly. Nevertheless, this additional local survey clearly shows that some people do not feel we are doing a good job for them – and it is really important that we listen to those views, and take them on board.

“According to this local survey, 40 per cent of people who responded felt that crime and anti-social behaviour was getting worse in their area. This matches the national picture exactly, where perception of the problem has increased from 25% in 2015 to 40% in 2018.

“Another key finding is that less than a third of people who responded to the survey were satisfied with the level of police visibility. Again, this reflects the national statistic of 24 per cent public satisfaction with police visibility.

“These national figures help to put things in perspective, but they do not alter the fact that we have work to do on the ground, here in North Yorkshire.

“We can’t pretend that will be easy, because our resources are limited, and our responsibilities keep growing. Whilst neighbourhood policing is – and always will be – the bedrock of our service, it isn’t all we do. Behind the scenes we are also working to tackle ‘hidden’ forms of crime that are not immediately obvious to the public, such as organised crime, cyber-crime and child sexual exploitation. It is a constant juggling act, and it stretches our resources, but we are determined to do everything we can to get it right.

“We have already started to do some things to improve our neighbourhood policing service, and the public should start to see the effects of these activities in 2019. We’re sharing buildings with other public sector partners, so we can save money on property and invest in people. We have been recruiting Police Officers as quickly as we can, as far as our budget allows, so we have more people out on patrol. We have given local Officers and PCSOs the technology to work out of the station, so they can spend more time in the community. And we are pursuing ambitious plans to work with other agencies to improve public safety at local level. This is all happening now, but we have to consider what more we need to do.

“The survey notes that some areas (Scarborough and Richmondshire) have good levels of community confidence, so we’ll be looking at how we can learn from their experience in other parts of the Force. We also have ideas about additional special services we’d like to introduce – but of course we need to work within our budget.

“Improving perceptions of policing takes time and effort, but as a Chief Officer Team, and as a Force, we are committed to doing it. We will consider the implications of this survey very carefully, and we look forward to working with the Commissioner and others on how we can enhance public perceptions of our neighbourhood policing service.”

Posted on 28 January 2019 at 03:38pm in News stories
