```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-17T10:32:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A police operation to reduce the impact of burglary and provide reassurance to our communities in York has been shortlisted for a national award.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/Behind-the-scenes-staff-preparing-for-an-Operation-Tansu-deployment-in-Clifton-York-1024x576.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Smart police operation to keep York safe shortlisted for national award - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/smart-police-operation-keep-york-safe-shortlisted-national-award/
title: Smart police operation to keep York safe shortlisted for national award
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/smart-police-operation-keep-york-safe-shortlisted-national-award/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A police operation to reduce the impact of burglary and provide reassurance to our communities in York has been shortlisted for a national award.

Operation Tansu aimed to tackle crime in specific areas of the city using sophisticated data analysis, communications channels and operational policing.

North Yorkshire Police officers used street-level demographic data, crime statistics and local intelligence, to determine the most appropriate locations and channels for the crime prevention campaign.

As part of the campaign, areas of York with an older population and higher levels of burglary were targeted with appropriate crime prevention messages – such as printed leaflets, delivered by police officers, PCSOs and NYP volunteers, warning about the dangers of bogus callers. Similarly, areas of York with higher levels of theft, burglary and similar acquisitive crime were targeted with social media messages publicising property-marking drop-in sessions.

During operational ‘days of action’, police resources were used to deploy extra patrols, with officers engaging with the local community by being on-hand to security mark valuable items using a dot peen property marking machine.

There were a total of five Tansu deployments in different parts of York throughout last year. During the first, in September 2016, crime prevention leaflets were delivered to more than 700 households, and 50 items of property were marked using a security marking machine.

Following the operation, crime statistics showed a large fall in burglaries. There were 1,220 burglaries in York in 2015, down to just 915 in 2016 – a 25% decrease. The city remains one of the safest places to live in the country.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York police, said: “Operation Tansu was very well received by communities across York, and we are using the lessons learned from this innovative project for future crime prevention initiatives.

“Using our analysis of crime statistics and other data, we were able to engage with the right people, in the right way, offering face-to-face advice and support where it was needed the most. We were also greatly supported by our colleagues from Trading Standards and North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, who were able to share their own expertise with residents.”

Operation Tansu has been shortlisted for the ‘Best use of evaluation or research’ category in the 2017 UK Public Sector Communications Awards, alongside campaigns by NHS Blood and Transplant, Portsmouth City Council and the Railway Industry Association, among others.

The overall winner will be announced at an event in London in September.

Posted on 17 July 2017 at 11:32am in News stories
