```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-11T10:01:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-11T10:00:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Budding applicants have until 9am on Monday 28 October to submit their applications before the recruitment window closes. The move forms part of the Government\u2019s recently announced national campaign to increase police officer numbers across the country and urging people to join the police and \u2018Be a force for all\u2019. It also follows the force\u2019s [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/wo-of-our-PCSOs-enjoying-a-colourful-walk-around-Harrogate-during-the-UCI-Championships.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police launches PCSO recruitment campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-pcso-recruitment-campaign-2/
title: North Yorkshire Police launches PCSO recruitment campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-launches-pcso-recruitment-campaign-2/
```

Last modified: 11 October 2019 at 11:01am

North Yorkshire Police has today launched a new recruitment drive to bring Police Community Support Officers into the force.

Budding applicants have until 9am on Monday 28 October to submit their applications before the recruitment window closes.

The move forms part of the Government’s recently announced national campaign to increase police officer numbers across the country and urging people to join the police and ‘Be a force for all’.

It also follows the force’s wider recruitment plan to boost the number of frontline police working across North Yorkshire’s communities – as pledged by the elected Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, when she raised the precept earlier this year.

Police Community Support Officers (or PCSOs) are paid employees who work alongside warranted Police Officers to keep communities safe. They take part in neighbourhood patrols, help to tackle anti-social behaviour, provide crime prevention advice and support investigations.

Each successful applicant will undergo a 10-week training programme at the force’s headquarters that covers a range of topics to prepare PCSOs for their duties before they join a Neighbourhood Policing Team with a tutor and then going on independent patrols.

The role has a starting salary of around £20,115 as a trainee, rising to £22,275 with experience. You will also be paid extra for shift allowance and weekend working. Applicants must be at least 18 years old to apply and there is no upper age limit.

Whilst many people choose to be a PCSO as a permanent career role, others use the position to gain experience before applying to become a warranted Officer.

Speaking about the recruitment campaign, Phil Cain, Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police said:

“This is an exciting opportunity for anyone considering a career in policing to join our team.

“Often referred to as the eyes and ears of the police on the streets, PCSOs are an invaluable part of our policing family - working out in our communities, tackling local issues, dealing with anti-social behaviour, engaging with different groups of people and increasing front line policing.

“It’s a varied and rewarding role, and one that requires a genuine interest in helping other people and making a real difference to their lives. Not many posts can give you that kind of job satisfaction and it’s no surprise that many of our PCSOs receive awards and recognition throughout their careers for their compassion, inspirational behaviour and courage.

“We’re on track to meet our target of recruiting 70 PCSOs this year across three intakes. Today’s campaign is the last phase of that process.”

Based around the qualities required to succeed in the PCSO role – including communication, people skills, level-headedness, problem-solving and team-work – the campaign encourages people with these abilities to “be a PCSO”.

Said DCC Phil Cain:

“We continue to work hard to ensure our workforce is representative of the communities that we serve and are proud of the progress we have made to date in attracting candidates from diverse communities into the force.

“Whether you are just starting out in your career or are a more experienced and mature individual looking for your next challenge, please consider a career with North Yorkshire Police and help make a difference to our county.”

Anyone interested in joining North Yorkshire Police as a PCSO can visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/pcso for information on the role, FAQs and how to apply.

Posted on 11 October 2019 at 11:00am in News stories
