```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-04T16:09:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-04T16:08:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers say they will catch dozens of offenders during the festive season who\u2019ll end up in custody, losing their licence and getting a criminal record. The typical rise in the number of people who drink and drive at Christmas could be compounded by the recent reopening of the hospitality sector, officers fear. National research also [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/Craven-RPG-snow-8-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police Christmas drink drive warning: \u201C2020\u2019s been terrible \u2013 don\u2019t make it even worse!\u201D - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-christmas-2020/
title: "Police Christmas drink drive warning: \u201C2020\u2019s been terrible \u2013 don\u2019t make it even worse!\u201D"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-drive-christmas-2020/
```

Last modified: 4 December 2020 at 04:09pm

It’s been a year to remember for all the wrong reasons – but North Yorkshire Police is warning motorists not to make 2020 even worse by drinking and driving this Christmas.

Officers say they will catch dozens of offenders during the festive season who’ll end up in custody, losing their licence and getting a criminal record.

The typical rise in the number of people who drink and drive at Christmas could be compounded by the recent reopening of the hospitality sector, officers fear.

National research also shows that the amount people drink has risen significantly during lockdown.

In North Yorkshire, officers will be conducting roadside breath tests around the clock, including mornings when many motorists are caught over the limit from the night before.

Key routes and rural ‘backroads’ will be targeted and information about possible offenders will be shared and acted on.

Anyone convicted of drink or drug driving gets a criminal record, and is subject to an automatic driving ban of at least 12 months and large fines. Serious offenders can also be jailed.

Traffic Sergeant Andy Morton said: “It’s fair to say 2020’s been a terrible year, and one that most people will want to put behind them. However, it’ll get even worse for those who are caught drink driving.

“We see how upset and remorseful some people are as they sit in custody – and that’s before their families find out or the courts take their licence, fine them and given them a criminal record.

“But we also see first-hand the horrendous injuries, fatalities and carnage drink drivers cause not only to themselves, but to innocent people.

“When you’ve had to pick up body parts from the carriageway and break devastating news to families, you have no sympathy for those who choose to drink and drive.

“My plea to drivers is look after your mates, be aware you may still be over the limit the morning after and never, ever ‘just chance it’. Don’t make 2020 even worse – don’t drink and drive!”

One hundred motorists were arrested in North Yorkshire during last year’s Christmas campaign, with some blowing more than three times the legal limit.

The force’s campaign, code-named Op Attention, runs alongside a national drink drive campaign by the National Police Chief’s Council.

Drivers risk up to six months’ imprisonment, an unlimited fine and a substantial driving ban if they are caught driving while above the legal limit. Anyone who causes a death while drink or drug driving faces up to 14 years’ imprisonment.

Posted on 4 December 2020 at 04:08pm in News stories
