```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T08:39:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 &#8211; 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community. The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Summer holiday challenge for young people as Lifestyle 2018 launches - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-holiday-challenge-for-young-people-as-lifestyle-2018-launches/
title: Summer holiday challenge for young people as Lifestyle 2018 launches
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/summer-holiday-challenge-for-young-people-as-lifestyle-2018-launches/
```

Last modified: 14 May 2018 at 09:39am

A competition to inspire young people and help them give something back to their communities has launched for its sixth year.

North Yorkshire Police’s Lifestyle Challenge runs over the summer holidays and aims to give young people aged 10 - 17 a positive project to do over the long break, giving them the opportunity to improve the quality of life in their community.

The teams think of a project that they can carry out over the summer holidays that is of benefit to someone or something in North Yorkshire. They then have until the end of September to work on their project, recording all they do in a log book provided by the police.

The log books are then submitted for judging, with the winners attending a glittering awards ceremony in November to receive their prizes.

A number of sponsored challenges will help give teams ideas for projects:

• Community Safety Challenge

• Conservation Challenge

• Safety and Security Challenge

• Sports Challenge

• Be fit and healthy

The main award, the Dream Come True Challenge, is in remembrance of and a tribute to PC Suzanne Asquith.

This year’s sponsors include York Racecourse, Eboracum, Energi Trampoline Park, JayJay Media, Minster FM, the Shepherd Group, the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire and Julia Mulligan, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire.

The first prize on offer is an adventure holiday for the whole team.

Last year’s winners include The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire’s Community Safety Challenge – won by Team ‘TBJ’ from Northallerton, three youngsters who collected food and supported Hambleton FoodShare, a charity that provides emergency food parcels.

The Suzanne Asquith Dream Come True Challenge – won by the ‘Northern Ninjas’, four girls who held a vintage afternoon tea party and events at a care home in Ripon, putting on entertainment and raising money through cake sales.

The Shepherd Group’s Conservation Challenge – won by Team ‘Random’ from Scarborough, three girls who helped to improve an open space by creating dog fouling posters and a fairy door trail to encourage people to exercise.

Eboracum’s Safety and Security Challenge – won by Team ‘Salutem Pullae’ (Safety Girls), who created a safety app for visually impaired people to walk around their local town, Knaresborough.

Energi’s Sports Challenge – won by ‘The Sunflowers’, two girls in Crayke, Easingwold, who made cakes to sell to raise money for local charities, and also ran an outdoor ‘animal trail’ to get the local community together.

In addition, the ‘Clifton Crew’ in York received a prize for working together to improve the environment at an area that has attracted a lot of dumping of rubbish, graffiti and fire.

Neighbourhood Policing Teams will be visiting schools in the coming weeks to promote the challenge, and teams wanting to take part can register online at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle.

They will be sent a registration pack, including a log book to record all their work, a handbook with lots of help and advice, and a list of challenges. These are sponsored by local businesses and organisations and are full of inspiring ideas for projects. Registration closes on 8 July, work can begin on 14 July and entries must be submitted by 22 September.

Sergeant Neil Northend of North Yorkshire Police, said: “The Lifestyle Challenge is a fun and productive way to spend the long summer holiday and, as we have seen in previous years, can bring some truly inspirational results.

“These projects benefit not only young people, by giving them an activity to get stuck into over the summer holidays, but also our communities as well. I’m looking forward to seeing what projects North Yorkshire’s young people come up with this year. I also extend a big thank you to our sponsors for their support.”

To find out more about the Lifestyle Challenge, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/lifestyle or e-mail LifeStyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. You can also follow Lifestyle on twitter @NYP_Lifestyle or North Yorkshire Police’s Youth Team on Twitter at @YouthTeamNYP.

Posted on 14 May 2018 at 09:39am in News stories
