```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-07T23:47:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-07-07T23:46:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said: &#8220;North Yorkshire Police welcomes the IPCC report which gives clarity to the events that led to the voluntary referral to the IPCC and clears the officer of any misconduct. While there are learning points to take from the report, it is also balanced by acknowledging the officer&#8217;s\_ tenacity and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: IPCC report into information received about Jimmy Savile and Peter Jaconelli - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ipcc-report-information-received-jimmy-savile-peter-jaconelli/
title: IPCC report into information received about Jimmy Savile and Peter Jaconelli
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/ipcc-report-information-received-jimmy-savile-peter-jaconelli/
```

Last modified: 7 June 2016 at 11:47pm

This is the North Yorkshire Police's statement in response to the IPCC's report issued today (7 July 2015).

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said:

"North Yorkshire Police welcomes the IPCC report which gives clarity to the events that led to the voluntary referral to the IPCC and clears the officer of any misconduct. While there are learning points to take from the report, it is also balanced by acknowledging the officer's tenacity and competence in dealing with serious matters.

"We see the devastating effects of sexual abuse which can last a life time and would like to reassure victims that since the events referred to in the report, there have been many improvements across North Yorkshire Police in the way sexual crimes are dealt with.

"All reports are treated with the utmost seriousness and sensitivity, and as acknowledged in the IPCC's report, we now have specially trained officers who are dedicated to investigating such offences. They are highly trained and experienced in this specialist area of investigation. We also work with a range of partner agencies who can provide victims with support and advice. Even if it is not possible for a criminal case to be brought before the courts due to the passage of time, victims can still receive support to help them come to terms with what has happened and move on with their lives."

If you are a victim of abuse, either now or in the past, please do not hesitate to come forward. If you prefer not to speak to the police, you can contact Bridge House, the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for York and North Yorkshire on 01904 669339 or visit www.turntobridgehouse.org

 * To contact North Yorkshire Police please call 101.
 * In an emergency or if your safety is threatened, always call the police on 999.
 * If you have a speech or hearing impairment you can use Textphone 18001 101 for all non-emergencies
 * Textphone 18000 - in an emergency

Other organisations who can help include:

 * North Yorkshire's Confidential rape support line on 0300 111 0777 run by IDAS
 * Independent Domestic Abuse Services (York and North Yorkshire) 03000 110 110
 * Domestic Abuse Services (Scarborough and Ryedale) 01723 365609
 * National Rape Crisis Support Line Freephone 0808 802 9999

Read the IPCC report here: https://www.ipcc.gov.uk/news/ipcc-issues-findings-investigation-north-yorkshire-police-handling-information-about-savile-and

Posted on 7 July 2015 at 11:46pm in News stories
