```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-01-23T15:22:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "David Stephen Tawse previously of The Avenue, Stokesley and York Road, Thirsk, was sentenced on Friday 20 January 2017 after pleading guilty to the offences on 21 December 2016. In November 2016 North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Serious Crime Team launched an investigation into a suspected sexual relationship between Tawse and a 14-year-old girl. The investigation found [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/01/David-Stephen-Tawse-29031992-crop.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man, 24, jailed for sex offences against 14-year-old girl - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-24-jailed-sex-offences-14-year-old-girl/
title: Man, 24, jailed for sex offences against 14-year-old girl
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-24-jailed-sex-offences-14-year-old-girl/
```

Last modified: 23 January 2017 at 03:22pm

A 24-year-old former Stokesley man has been jailed for three years and ten months by Teesside Crown Court for four counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child, one of making an indecent image and one of child abduction.

David Stephen Tawse previously of The Avenue, Stokesley and York Road, Thirsk, was sentenced on Friday 20 January 2017 after pleading guilty to the offences on 21 December 2016.

In November 2016 North Yorkshire Police’s Serious Crime Team launched an investigation into a suspected sexual relationship between Tawse and a 14-year-old girl.

The investigation found that Tawse had struck up a relationship with the girl via Facebook in March 2016. Despite knowing that she was 14, he met up with her on a number of occasions to have sex.
Unbeknown to the girl, he filmed them having sex and used the footage to threaten the girl into carrying on the relationship.

Tawse was arrested on 21 November 2016 after officers intercepted a plan to travel north with the girl by train from Middlesbrough.

Detective Constable Neil Brodhurst of Northallerton Serious Crime Team, said: “This is a typical case of an older male grooming a young girl online for the purpose of sexual gratification. It reiterates why we should all be alert to the signs of sexual grooming. Often children in such a situation do not believe they are a victim, and as adults, it is all our responsibility to reinforce safety messages to our children and be alert to the signs of online grooming, inappropriate relationships and child sexual exploitation.”

Advice for parents and carers is available on the “Think u know” website www.thinkuknow.co.uk/parents

If you believe you are victim of sexual crime, please contact the police on 101 or call 999 in an emergency.

We urge anyone who is the victim of, or thinks their child is a victim of sexual abuse to report it, regardless of how long ago it happened. Your information could also trigger measures that are put in place to protect other victims, and help to inform a bigger picture of offending. Both of which can help to protect and potentially reduce the risk to future victims.

Posted on 23 January 2017 at 03:22pm in News stories
