```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-04T12:17:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an altercation on Church Avenue in the Bilton Area of Harrogate
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal Following altercation in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-altercation-in-harrogate/
title: Appeal Following altercation in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-altercation-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an altercation on Church Avenue in the Bilton Area of Harrogate

It happened on Church Avenue in Harrogate at 2.30pm on the 1 June 2018 and involved a man who was involved in a verbal altercation with another two men who were on bicycles. Witnesses have stated they have seen the man reveal a knife from his waistband and shown it to the two men on the bicycles.

The man is described as being slim, with black curly hair and an "olive" complexion. He was dressed in a black jacket, black trousers and black shoes.

The two men on the bicycles made off along King Edwards Drive and the other man made off on Church Avenue towards Bilton Lane.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of all the men involved and a member of the public believed to have chased the man with the knife down Church Avenue.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Brendon Frith. You can also email Brendon.Frith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180096695.

Contact details:
 Brendon Frith \- #0046
Brendon.Frith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 extension 30046
Incident reference:
 12180096695
Posted on 4 June 2018 at 01:17pm in Local appeals
