```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-10T14:46:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A man has today been sentenced to four years&#039; imprisonment for causing the death by dangerous driving of 65-year-old Leslie Anthony Barrett of Sleights near Whitby.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Middlesbrough man jailed for causing death by dangerous driving of Whitby man - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/middlesbrough-man-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-of-whitby-man/
title: Middlesbrough man jailed for causing death by dangerous driving of Whitby man
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/middlesbrough-man-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-of-whitby-man/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A man has today been sentenced to four years' imprisonment for causing the death by dangerous driving of 65-year-old Leslie Anthony Barrett of Sleights near Whitby.

A man has today been sentenced to four years' imprisonment for causing the death by dangerous driving of 65-year-old Leslie Anthony Barrett of Sleights near Whitby.

Fasail Ali, 28, of Oxford Road, Middlesbrough was found guilty by York Crown Court on 19 February 2015, following the collision on Sunday 8 September 2013. He was sentenced at Leeds Crown Court on Wednesday 8 April 2015, where he was also banned from driving for four years and ordered to take an extended driving test.

Mr Ali was driving his white Mercedes E220 on the A171 Whitby to Guisborough Road near Tranmire when he overtook a vehicle on double white lines. He collided with Mr Barrett's Vauxhall Vectra which was travelling in the opposite direction. Sadly, Mr Barrett was pronounced dead at the scene of the collision.

Investigating officer, Traffic Constable Martin Mulcaster of North Yorkshire Police's Major Collision Investigation Team, said: "Mr Ali's dangerous manoeuvre has cost the life of another man and devastated a family in the space of a few seconds.

"I hope the sentence handed down by the court sends a stark warning to anyone who takes irresponsible and dangerous risks on the roads - it is simply not worth it.

"Although Mr Ali now has to face up to actions and justice has been delivered for Mr Barrett and his family, no sentence can compensate for the loss of his life and the distress caused to his family."

**Statement from the family of Mr Barrett:**

Faisal Ali has shown no acceptance of his flagrant disregard for the road or its users. Since the evening of September 8, 2013 and during his trial he has shown only remorse for himself.

Because of his refusal to face up to and accept his guilt, our family has had to endure an agonising 18 months wait and have the harrowing nature of a full trial before a right and just verdict was reached.

Mr Ali caused the death of a wonderful husband who would have celebrated his 43rd wedding anniversary five days ago with his devoted wife Val. We could not have wished for a more caring and funny dad, Grandad and brother.

While no sentence could ever be enough, we are satisfied after the jury returned a unanimous decision after less than 40 minutes, that Mr Ali will now have the time to reflect upon his actions and maybe begin to understand a little about the enormity of the pain and grief our family has had to endure because of his actions.

There are no winners in this but Mr Ali knew the laws of the road and chose to ignore them. He was not veering or being careless, but made a conscious, reckless and wholly unnecessary decision to overtake. It is only right therefore that he faces the consequences. His sentence will one day come to an end but his actions have dealt us a life sentence.

Roads are made dangerous by people who make them so. We hope this serves as a deterrent for others and may make them think twice about making unsafe decisions which can have such catastrophic repercussions on other innocent road users and their families.

An incredibly kind, funny and loving man has been taken so unnecessarily from us forever, and the pain in our hearts is constant. He was a devoted family man whose smile and energy lit up any room.

Our heartfelt thanks go to North Yorkshire Police for their support and professionalism over the last year and a half. Our police family liaison officer, PC Mark Hutchings has been exceptional and has helped us every step of the way.

Thank you to the community of Whitby and all of "Mr B's" friends of which there were many, for their kind words friendship, support and tributes - a constant strength for all the family.

Posted on 10 April 2015 at 02:46pm in News stories
