```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-23T11:46:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 4am in the early hours of Sunday 21 October\_on Station Road outside the Grand Hotel by the bus stop when a man in his twenties\_was attacked by a group of four or five men. The victim\_sustained serious facial injuries including a fractured cheek bone and possible fractured eye socket along with [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following serious assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-york/
title: Appeal following serious assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-york/
```

Last modified: 23 October 2018 at 12:46pm

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in York over the weekend.

It happened at around 4am in the early hours of Sunday 21 October on Station Road outside the Grand Hotel by the bus stop when a man in his twenties was attacked by a group of four or five men.

The victim sustained serious facial injuries including a fractured cheek bone and possible fractured eye socket along with severe bruising to his eye.

The man was taken to York District Hospital by ambulance where he was treated and discharged following treatment.

Officers are asking for the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, they are appealing for information about the identity of the men are who attacked the victim and anyone who witnessed the assault.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ross Garside. You can also email ross.garside@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180197252.

Contact details:
 Ross Garside \- #1243
ross.garside@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31243
Incident reference:
 12180197252
Posted on 23 October 2018 at 12:46pm in Local appeals
