```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T12:45:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-06-09T12:44:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The crack down on drink and drug driving continues with North Yorkshire Police planning a number of targeted operations over the coming weeks.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police say increase in high drink drive readings is worrying - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-say-increase-high-drink-drive-readings-worrying/
title: Police say increase in high drink drive readings is worrying
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-say-increase-high-drink-drive-readings-worrying/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 12:45pm

The crack down on drink and drug driving continues with North Yorkshire Police planning a number of targeted operations over the coming weeks.

540 breath tests have been conducted with 61 arrests having been made so far.

Of particular concern from the arrests already made are the high levels of alcohol being detected.

Alarmingly 20% of those arrests have provided samples three times over the legal limit (35 micrograms per 100ml). During the same campaign last year only 6% of arrests provided readings of this level.

The highest reading taken so far was from a 58-year-old man arrested in the Malton area, who blew 139ug - just under four times the legal limit. He was later charged to Scarborough Magistrates' Court and received a driving ban for 34 months and was ordered to pay £295 costs and carry out 300 hours of unpaid work.

A 42-year-old man who appeared at York Magistrates' Court with a reading of 123ug/100ml received a 12 week suspended prison sentence, along with a 36 month ban and £315 costs to pay.

Four further cases have appeared in court this week; all received driving bans and hefty fines.

New road side drug screening devices are also helping North Yorkshire Police catch those driving under the influence of drugs. 13 arrests have been made so far due to positive drugs tests with three positive results for cannabis.

Sgt Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said "These prosecutions show that if people choose to break the law and drive under the influence of drink or drugs - we are out in force and waiting to catch you. Be assured, when we do, you will face a hefty fine and the possibility of a prison sentence."

"If you are going out to have a drink ensure you have thought about how you will get home at the end of the night - leave your car at home."

"We continue to appeal to members of the public that if they know of someone driving under the influence of drink or drugs - please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 or report it anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111."

Posted on 9 June 2015 at 12:44pm in News stories
