```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-15T22:29:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The crash was reported at around 1.30pm on Monday 15 August 2016 on the east-bound carriageway of the A64 at the junction with the A1079 at Grimston Bar. It involved a white Peugeot drop-sided van which was towing a trailer, a silver Vauxhall Zafira and a grey Porsche. All the vehicles were travelling in the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE: Witnesses and dash-cam footage sought after 11 year-old boy dies in A64 collision - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-witnesses-dash-cam-footage-sought-11-year-old-boy-dies-a64-collision/
title: 'UPDATE: Witnesses and dash-cam footage sought after 11 year-old boy dies in A64 collision'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/update-witnesses-dash-cam-footage-sought-11-year-old-boy-dies-a64-collision/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police investigating a collision on the A64 near York in which an 11-year-old boy has died have issued an appeal to motorists and hauliers who may have any dash-cam footage of the traffic situation prior to the collision or of the collision itself.

The crash was reported at around 1.30pm on Monday 15 August 2016 on the east-bound carriageway of the A64 at the junction with the A1079 at Grimston Bar.

It involved a white Peugeot drop-sided van which was towing a trailer, a silver Vauxhall Zafira and a grey Porsche. All the vehicles were travelling in the same direction and were in lane two when the collision happened. The Peugeot and the Zafira are believed to have been stationary in heavy traffic at the time of the collision.

Six people from Bradford - a man and woman and their four children were in the Vauxhall Zafira. The woman and the four children were injured, and tragically, one of the children, an 11-year-old boy, was pronounced dead when he arrived at hospital. The woman and three other children sustained serious but believed non-life-threatening injuries.

Officers are appealing to motorists, including lorry drivers who were in the traffic on the A64, to contact them if they have any dash-cam footage of the traffic situation prior to the collision or of the collision itself. Eye witnesses are also urged to come forward.

Sergeant Julian Pearson of North Yorkshire Police Roads Policing Group, said: "The traffic was heavy on the A64 at the time and it's possible that there will have been motorists, especially hauliers, who could have dash-cam footage of either the traffic situation in the moments before the crash, or have footage of the collision itself. I urge them, or anyone else who witnessed the collision or saw any of the vehicles involved prior to the crash, to contact us."

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Unit. Or email Julian.Pearson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk and MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160147041

The driver of the Peugeot van was taken to hospital with minor injuries.

The driver of the Porsche, a man in his forties, sustained minor injuries was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in police custody for questioning.

The road was closed while emergency services - including police, road and air ambulances, and the fire and rescue service tended to the casualties and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 9.30pm once the vehicles had been recovered.

Contact details:
 Julian Pearson \- #0557
Julian.Pearson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 2424
Incident reference:
 12160147041
Posted on 15 August 2016 at 10:29pm in Local appeals
