```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T19:07:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-04T19:05:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The shortlist for the 2015 Finance for the Future Awards has been announced. The awards founded and organised by ICAEW and The Prince&#039;s Accounting for Sustainability Project (A4S) celebrate companies that put sustainability at the heart of their financial operations. The shortlisted finalists, who have already been through a rigorous assessment process, will be judged on 4 September and the winner will be announced at the awards ceremony on 8 October at Chartered Accountants Hall.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York-based Community Safety Hub shortlisted for Finance for the Future Awards 2015 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-based-community-safety-hub-shortlisted-finance-future-awards-2015-2/
title: York-based Community Safety Hub shortlisted for Finance for the Future Awards 2015
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-based-community-safety-hub-shortlisted-finance-future-awards-2015-2/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 07:07pm

The shortlist for the 2015 Finance for the Future Awards has been announced. The awards founded and organised by ICAEW and The Prince's Accounting for Sustainability Project (A4S) celebrate companies that put sustainability at the heart of their financial operations. The shortlisted finalists, who have already been through a rigorous assessment process, will be judged on 4 September and the winner will be announced at the awards ceremony on 8 October at Chartered Accountants Hall.

The Finance for the Future Awards highlight the role of finance teams in achieving sustainable business goals. The awards are now in their fourth year and attracted a record number of entrants in all categories. They recognise organisations that are embedding sustainability in decision making with leadership and support from their finance teams.

The North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council Community Safety Hub was shortlisted in the Public Sector and Third Sector category that recognises organisations that are (part of) a government department or local authority, charities or not-for-profit organisations. Previous winners include The Crown Estate, Crossrail and Hadlow College.

North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council operate an innovative Community Safety Hub, where police officers and council staff work alongside each other to tackle anti-social behaviour and deal with issues of vulnerability. By merging resources, legal powers and expertise, both organisations have created a single frontline team to proactively tackle issues across the city.

**Julia Mulligan, Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire** , said: "The Community Safety Hub is making a real, tangible difference to residents' quality of life in York. Anti-social behaviour can have a huge impact on people's lives so our innovative approach of combining council and police services has meant the public get better services more quickly. Thanks must go particularly to all those people who have put in so much hard work to get the Hub up and running, as well as continuing its success. The shortlisting for this award is testament to the dedication and professionalism of all those involved."

**Superintendent Phil Cain, Safer Neighbourhood Commander for York** , said: "It's great to see national recognition for our innovative partnership approach to keeping York safe. The team are tackling issues that can have a big impact on people's quality of life, including anti-social behaviour, vulnerability issues and more. By working together and sharing expertise and resources, the Community Safety Hub is delivering real benefits, and represents an opportunity in terms of how we can deliver integrated services going forward."

**Cllr David Carr, City of York Council Executive Member for Housing and Safer Neighbourhoods** , said: "This new Community Safety Hub is transforming the way traditional policing and council enforcement is being carried out and how it is sustainably funded. I'm very pleased to see our excellent team of partners to recognised for their innovation and sheer hard work."

**Jane Mowat, Director of Safer York Partnership** , said: "This shortlisting is excellent news and gives us the opportunity to showcase the success of our multi-agency effort. The awards recognise financial leadership in developing successful models that deliver environmental and social benefits and this fits entirely with our aims: innovative partnership funding to rapidly deploy the right agency to tackle anti-social behaviour."

**Richard Spencer, ICAEW 's Head of Sustainability**, said: "The shortlisted candidates have all shown how committed they are to tackling the social and environmental challenges we face. They have demonstrated their determination to promote sustainability and understand the role that finance function plays in the process. We got to the point when bigger changes are needed when it comes to how we do business. The awards celebrate the companies that lead the way and contribute to achieving the ultimate goal of a sustainable world."

**Jessica Fries, Executive Chairman of The Prince 's Accounting for Sustainability Project (A4S)**, said: "Leadership and support from the finance team is crucial to ensure that sustainable policies and practices are embedded throughout an organisation. The finalists announced today provide inspiring examples of how finance can respond to major social, environmental and economic challenges faced, and can do so in a very profitable way, whatever the size or type of organisation."

For more information, visit http://www.financeforthefuture.co.uk/

**4 August 2015**

Posted on 4 August 2015 at 07:05pm in News stories
