```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-19T11:50:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-19T07:52:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "This year the Operation Cracker campaign will be a &#8216;virtual&#8217; one, with the normal programme of events planned for the Christmas period being placed on hold due to the Covid-19 pandemic Key to the campaign \u2013 which is scheduled to run from November through to the beginning of April 2021 \u2013 will involve the use [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Filey and Eastfield Police team up to launch &#039;virtual&#039; Operation Cracker - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/filey-and-eastfield-police-team-up-to-launch-virtual-operation-cracker/
title: Filey and Eastfield Police team up to launch 'virtual' Operation Cracker
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/filey-and-eastfield-police-team-up-to-launch-virtual-operation-cracker/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2020 at 12:50pm

Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has joined forces with Fire and Rescue Service colleagues to launch a new campaign reaching out to all sectors of the community.

This year the Operation Cracker campaign will be a 'virtual' one, with the normal programme of events planned for the Christmas period being placed on hold due to the Covid-19 pandemic

Key to the campaign – which is scheduled to run from November through to the beginning of April 2021 – will involve the use of the Fire and Rescue’s virtual conference facilities. This will allow officers and police volunteers from the Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team and Fire and Rescue Service Community Safety Officers, working alongside specialists from a range of partner agencies, to offer online advice and support.

The full programme of online events will be launched at the beginning of November. The first being scheduled as a domestic abuse Q&A session in collaboration with George Pindar School, North Yorkshire Police, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service and IDAS, on the topic of safeguarding children.

Announcing the new initiative, Inspector Andy Short, of Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Throughout the Covid-19 pandemic, everyone has had to adapt quickly and find new ways of working to help keep everyone safe - no more so than with Operation Cracker, where normally we would see officers, police volunteers and partner agencies out and about in the community.

"The imaginative formation of a virtual Operation Cracker, run in close partnership with Fire and Rescue, has allowed us to connect with people in a way that would otherwise have proved extremely challenging."

Graeme Casper, Station Manager based at Scarborough Fire Station, added: "North Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service's collaboration with North Yorkshire Police to deliver a virtual Operation Cracker is an ideal opportunity to ensure our community is safe and feels safe in North Yorkshire.

"By working together, we can deliver the best services possible for residents, business owners and visitors to the county. During these worrying times it is important to keep in touch with the community to offer support and advice where it is needed."

Operation Cracker was launched by the Filey and Eastfield Neighbourhood Policing Team in December 2018, as an initiative to support and offer advice to the most vulnerable members of the community during the run up to Christmas and the New Year.

After two successful years the decision had been taken to run the operation throughout the year. It had been planned to launch the expanded operation in March 2020 but owing to Covid-19 the decision was taken to defer this until April next year.

Original partners in Operation Cracker included: North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue; Beyond Housing; NatWest Bank; McCain Foods; Scarborough and Ryedale Carers Resource; North Yorkshire County Council; Sidewalk; Crimestoppers; Alzheimer’s Society; Westway Open Arms; Dementia Forward; Futureworks NY; Filey Lions; George Pindar School and Age UK.

Posted on 19 October 2020 at 08:52am in News stories
