```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-24T16:15:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-24T15:42:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Sergeant Paul Cording\_won the Best Tweeting Sergeant category in the Police Tweet Awards 2017, hosted by\_West Yorkshire Police\_ on Friday 24 November 2017.Through his account, Paul brings to life the highs and lows of policing the roads of North Yorkshire, providing a first-hand\_account of\_the work of North Yorkshire Police. Acting Superintendent Fiona\_Willey of North Yorkshire [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/paul-cording-winnner-poltweet.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Tweeting sergeant wins national award - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tweeting-sergeant-wins-national-award/
title: Tweeting sergeant wins national award
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/tweeting-sergeant-wins-national-award/
```

Last modified: 24 November 2017 at 04:15pm

A North Yorkshire Roads Policing Sergeant has won a prestigious national award in recognition of his engagement with members of the public through social media.

Sergeant Paul Cording won the Best Tweeting Sergeant category in the Police Tweet Awards 2017, hosted by West Yorkshire Police on Friday 24 November 2017.Through his account, Paul brings to life the highs and lows of policing the roads of North Yorkshire, providing a first-hand account of the work of North Yorkshire Police.

Acting Superintendent Fiona Willey of North Yorkshire Police's Proactive Policing unit, said: "We are delighted for Paul who is an absolute credit to North Yorkshire Police.

"Social media has become a vital tool for the police to warn, inform and engage members of the public, it is also a useful investigative tool that supports appeals, helps us to find missing people and protect the vulnerable.

"Paul's Twitter account provides an informative insight into the often challenging world of policing. He provides engaging content to keep the public informed of the work of our roads policing unit as well as practical updates to keep road users safe. His personal qualities of professionalism, compassion and empathy are clearly demonstrated through his account and this is reflected in the feedback from his followers.

Speaking after receiving his award, Sergeant Cording said: "I'm absolutely stunned, but over the moon to win this award. There are so many other worthy winners out there but I am thrilled and very proud to accept it and represent North Yorkshire Police."

Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery was a finalist in the Best Tweeting Special award.

A/Superintendent Willey added: "We're also extremely proud of Special Sergeant Nadine Slattery who runs the Richmond Special Constabulary Twitter account. Nadine got through to the final three in the Special Constable category with her excellent account detailing the work of our fantastic volunteer police officers. Of all the police Twitter accounts across the UK, we're extremely proud to have two finalists from North Yorkshire Police.

"My congratulations and thanks go to both officers for providing a window on the world of policing that the public would not otherwise see."

Follow Paul @OscarRomeo1268

Follow Nadine @RichSpecials

Click here for more information about the awards

Posted on 24 November 2017 at 03:42pm in News stories
