```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T09:50:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A major crime prevention campaign has once again protected York against opportunist summer burglars.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/Some-of-the-volunteers-and-cadets-who-assisted-with-Op-Joypad-in-New-Earswick.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Success for York&#039;s summer burglary prevention campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-yorks-summer-burglary-prevention-campaign/
title: Success for York's summer burglary prevention campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/success-yorks-summer-burglary-prevention-campaign/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

A major crime prevention campaign has once again protected York against opportunist summer burglars.

Police used crime trends, consumer classification data and intelligence to identify key areas of York that would most benefit from Operation Joypad this year.

The operation involves dedicated, proactive, high-visibility patrols by Neighbourhood Policing Team officers and PCSOs, working alongside Special Constables, volunteers and cadets

Last year’s operation saw a significant decrease in burglaries across the city, down 25% on the previous year – and this year’s operation was more targeted to help ensure that trend continues.

Inspector Lee Pointon said: “Sneak-in thieves will take any chance to help themselves to your belongings, and unfortunately in summer people may be tempted to leave doors and windows open or unlocked.

“It takes just a few seconds to lock your doors and windows, and it could save you a great deal of expense and distress.

“Officers were pleased to find that the vast majority – in fact, almost 95 per cent – of homes checked in York were well-secured against burglars. However, we will continue to work hard to ensure that the city is a no-go area for criminals.

“I was particularly grateful this year that Joypad was excellently supported by our Special Constables, volunteers and cadets, who gave up their own time to take part in this important campaign.”

On nine different Joypad operations across York since June, officers checked 4,645 homes to ensure they were secure. Just 234 of these were found to be insecure, and owners were given suitable crime prevention advice.

When Joypad ran last year, almost one in ten homes were found to be insecure, suggesting that the important crime prevention message is getting through. Following that operation, crime statistics showed a large fall in burglaries – from 1,220 burglaries in York in 2015, down to just 915 in 2016.

Joypad officers this year also marked about 180 items of valuable property using dot peen technology during their deployments.

Dot peen security machines mark items of property, including tablets, phones and cycles, with a permanent number. Visibly marked property acts as a deterrent to thieves, and if it is lost or stolen, helps the police identify its rightful owner and provide vital evidence to secure prosecutions.

More than 200 people also signed up to join North Yorkshire Community Messaging, a free alert and information service which residents can use to stay informed via text, email or app. To find out more, visit www.nycm.co.uk

Posted on 14 July 2017 at 10:50am in News stories
