```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-02T13:55:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information about a Burglary that occurred on Malton Road, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following Burglary in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-york/
title: Appeal following Burglary in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information about a Burglary that occurred on Malton Road, York.

It happened on Malton Road overnight from 21 April 2017 to 22 April 2017 and involved suspects entering the rear workshop of a property and stealing several items of scrap metal and wiring.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any individuals seen on Malton Road around that time and date carrying large quantities of scrap metal.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 592 LEWIS You can also email oliver.lewis592@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170068552

Date [01/05/17]

***************************************

Road traffic collision appeal

It happened at [time/time frame] on [date] and involved [add basic detail of vehicles and sex/age of drivers/passengers and which town they are from].

[Add in the nature and seriousness of the injuries and that they were taken by ambulance/air ambulance to (name) Hospital. Add in the current condition of the patients or confirm if they were treated and discharged following treatment.] [Confirm any arrests, with sex/age of individuals and say if still in custody or bailed pending further enquiries.]

The stretch of road was closed for [add in number of hours] while officers investigated the scene and to allow the vehicle(s) to be recovered.

Local diversions were put in place by highways.

We are appealing for witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing the vehicle(s) prior to the collision, to get in touch as soon as possible to assist the investigation.

In particular, we are appealing for information about [add in the key points of the appeal].

If you can help, please contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for [name of officer, not rank]. You can also email [name]@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number [add in Niche or Storm number].

Follow us on Twitter: [add Twitter account information]

Date [14th December 2015]

Contact details:
 Oliver Lewis \- #592
oliver.lewis592@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170073688
Posted on 2 May 2017 at 01:55pm in Local appeals
