```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-21T11:04:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-21T08:40:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Forces across the country are taking part in the surrender which is being co-ordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS). The surrender gives members of the public the chance to dispose of a firearm or ammunition by simply taking it to a local designated police station and handing it in anonymusly. In North Yorkshire, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/20171116_114721.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Results from first week of weapons surrender - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/results-first-week-weapons-surrender/
title: Results from first week of weapons surrender
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/results-first-week-weapons-surrender/
```

Last modified: 21 November 2017 at 11:04am

More than 120 weapons have been handed in to North Yorkshire Police in the first week of the national firearms surrender.

Forces across the country are taking part in the surrender which is being co-ordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS).

The surrender gives members of the public the chance to dispose of a firearm or ammunition by simply taking it to a local designated police station and handing it in anonymusly.

In North Yorkshire, and the wider Yorkshire and Humberside region, police are also accepting other weapons including knives, ammunition and other offensive weapons.

Across North Yorkshire, 113 firearms, nine non-firearm weapons and a large amount of ammunition have been handed in including two handguns, 31 shotguns, 55 imitation handguns / air pistols, 18 air rifles, 3 section 1 firearms, one ‘other’ replica weapons, one antique firearm, one gun used in connection with animal slaughter and one shotgun disguised as a walking stick. The non-firearm weapons include two ornamental swords, six knives and a cross-bow.

Sergeant Dave France of North Yorkshire Police said:

“We’ve had a really good response to the surrender so far with a wide range of firearms, ammunition and other weapons being handed in at our police stations across North Yorkshire.

“At this rate we’re on course to pass the total of firearms handed in during the 2014 surrender.

“I would still urge anyone who is in possession of gun and other weapons to surrender them to the police safely and anonymously.

“Each weapon we retrieve reduces the chances of it ending up in the hands of criminals and has the potential to save a life.”

Guns, weapons and ammunition can be surrendered at the following designated police stations across North Yorkshire;

 * Richmond Police Station | I'Anson Road , Richmond, North Yorkshire DL10 4ND | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13163 | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm, Friday — 9am - 4.30pm
 * Malton Police Station | Old Malton Road, Malton, North Yorkshire YO17 7EY | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13116 | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs (closed bank holidays) — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 5pm, Fri — 9am - 12.30pm and 1pm - 4.30pm
 * Harrogate Police Station | Beckwith Head Road, Harrogate, North Yorkshire HG3 1FR | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13133 | Opening hours: Mon-Sun — 8am - 10pm
 * North Yorkshire Police Headquarters | Alverton Court, Crosby Road, Northallerton | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13186 | Opening hours: Mon - Sun — 0800 - 2000
 * Scarborough | Northway, Scarborough YO12 7AD | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13259 | Opening hours: Mon-Sun — 8am - 10pm
 * Fulford Road Police Station | Fulford Road, York, YO10 4BY | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13271 | Opening hours: Monday - Sunday — 8am - 10pm
 * Selby Police Station | Portholme Road Selby North Yorkshire YO8 4QQ | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13166 | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm, Friday — 9am - 4:30pm
 * Skipton Police Station | Otley Road, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1EZ | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13174 | Email: SNAcraven@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | Opening hours: Mon - Thurs — 9am - 5pm, Fri — 9am - 4.30pm, Fri 22 September 2017 — closed

If you know of anyone involved with illegal firearms or other offensive weapons please call police on 101 or Crimestoppers (anonymously) on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 21 November 2017 at 08:40am in News stories
