```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T11:22:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-01T11:20:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious injury collision that occurred on Barbeck at the A170 junction round about in Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Witness appeal following a serious collision in Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision-thirsk/
title: Witness appeal following a serious collision in Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 11:22am

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses and information about a serious injury collision that occurred on Barbeck at the A170 junction round about in Thirsk.

It happened on the A170 at Barbeck, Thirsk, at approximately 2.45pm on Tuesday 23 February.

Two teenagers who were crossing the road at the A170 junction with the A61 when a black estate car has been approaching the roundabout and takes the near side lane as if to turn onto the A170 towards Sutton.

One of the teenagers start to cross thinking it was clear but the black estate car went straight on from Long Street onto Barbeck. The car struck the pedestrian and then has then continued along the A170 towards Thirsk Industrial Est on York Road.

The pedestrian sustained serious injuries and was taken to James Cook hospital where they were treated and subsequently released.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the black estate car and its driver. The car is described as a black estate possibly a VW or Audi being driven by a white middle aged female with mid length blonde straight hair.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for TC1639 Chris Graham-Marlow. You can also email Chris.Graham-Marlow@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160035963

Posted on 1 March 2016 at 11:20am in News stories
