```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-04T12:40:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-03T15:53:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police has launched its latest campaign to recruit Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to join the force.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Recruitment for Police Community Support Officers opens - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recruitment-police-community-support-officers-opens/
title: Recruitment for Police Community Support Officers opens
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/recruitment-police-community-support-officers-opens/
```

Last modified: 4 August 2016 at 12:40pm

North Yorkshire Police has launched its latest campaign to recruit Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to join the force.

Police Community Support Officers are a critical part of North Yorkshire Police. PCSOs work at the front line of the force and provide a vital link between the police and the local communities the force serves.

They provide a visible and reassuring presence on the streets of our region and act as the eyes and ears of the force - building relationships with local communities and business owners, tackling anti-social behaviour and using the information they gather to prevent and deter crime.

PCSOs have slightly different powers to a Police Constable. They have designated powers surrounding anti-social behaviour, tobacco and alcohol, transport and fixed penalty notices amongst others.

The role can be challenging, but incredibly rewarding so North Yorkshire Police are looking for individuals who want to make a difference every day, have excellent communication and customer service skills and a genuine interest in helping others and building positive relationships.

To give prospective applicants an idea of the day-to-day of the role, North Yorkshire Police have made a film with two of the forces PCSOs. The film follows PCSO 5552 Grenville Dowson and PCSO 5510 Philip Wright carrying out their daily duties. They talk about what being a PCSO encompasses, the benefits PCSOs bring to the force and what they personally get out of the job.

PCSO Dowson, who has recently been nominated for a Community Pride award for the role he played whilst attending a house fire, is based in York City Centre and PCSO Philip Wright is based in Harrogate Town Centre.

The film depicts the huge variety the job offers; from conducting patrol duties on foot and bicycle; building relationships within the local community to responding to major incidents as well as protecting some of the most vulnerable members of our society.

Both PCSOs also speak about the forces ambition to increase the diversity of its workforce and the benefits that diversity brings to this role in particular and the fact that applications are welcome from people with a wide range of backgrounds and experience.

Recruitment opens on Monday 1 August and applications are welcome up to 10 am on Monday 22 August.

For more information or to make an application go to https://northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs/

Posted on 3 August 2016 at 03:53pm in News stories
