```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:33:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-10T16:32:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: City of York Council and North Yorkshire Police have joined forces to relaunch a successful scheme aimed at keeping cyclists safe this winter.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and council urge cyclists to &quot;be bright, be seen&quot; this winter - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-council-urge-cyclists-bright-seen-winter/
title: Police and council urge cyclists to "be bright, be seen" this winter
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-council-urge-cyclists-bright-seen-winter/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:33pm

City of York Council and North Yorkshire Police have joined forces to relaunch a successful scheme aimed at keeping cyclists safe this winter.

As the nights draw in, officers will be targeting cyclists in York who cause a danger to themselves and others by cycling without lights during hours of darkness in the morning and evening.

City of York Council has funded high-visibility rucksack covers and small sets of emergency cycle lights, which will be offered to cyclists who are stopped by North Yorkshire Police.

Not everyone stopped by officers will be entitled to the lights - they will be handed to young people and other vulnerable people who would otherwise have to walk home if they were forced to continue their journey without lights. Officers will continue to issue tickets for cycling offences if necessary.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said: "This scheme gives us the opportunity to make a direct and positive effect on the safety of people in the city, particularly cyclists and other road users.

"Thanks to this campaign, cyclists can be educated and sent on their way, not just with a ticket or fine, but also with the means to get home safely without causing danger to themselves or others."

City of York Council Executive Member for Transport and Planning, Cllr Ian Gillies, said: "As the clocks go back, we still see cyclists caught out by the dark mornings and evenings. This joint initiative is running for its second year and is a real positive move to educate cyclists. I urge all those who do cycle to forward plan and ensure they have working lights that they check regularly and bright clothing."

The campaign ran for the first time last year, and was well-received by cyclists and parents of young people who received the lights and reflective covers.

**10 November 2015**

Posted on 10 November 2015 at 04:32pm in News stories
