```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:11:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-09T13:10:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two men who were involved in a drugs gang that supplied Scarborough with heroin, cocaine and other illegal substances have been jailed for a total of nine years.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two men jailed for roles in cross-country drugs network - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-jailed-roles-cross-country-drugs-network/
title: Two men jailed for roles in cross-country drugs network
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-men-jailed-roles-cross-country-drugs-network/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:11pm

Two men who were involved in a drugs gang that supplied Scarborough with heroin, cocaine and other illegal substances have been jailed for a total of nine years.

Daniel Busuttil, 25, of Grange Park Road, Manchester, and Jack Fowler, 25, of South Avenue, Scalby, Scarborough, both pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class-A drugs. They were sent to prison for six years and three years respectively.

The pair were part of a bigger gang that sent heroin, cocaine, crack cocaine and cannabis to the seaside town from suppliers in Manchester.

Nine other people were also sentenced for their roles during the same hearing at Leeds Crown Court on Tuesday (7 June 2016).

The offences took place between February 2013 and August 2014 and were investigated by North Yorkshire Police as part of a major operation.

Further hearings to recover the proceeds of the offences are due to take place at a later date.

After the gang was sentenced, Detective Inspector Nichola Holden of North Yorkshire Police said: "These individuals deliberately targeted vulnerable drug users in Scarborough, despite the fact their operation was based across the Pennines in Manchester.

"But county boundaries are irrelevant when it comes to bringing people involved in the supply of drugs to justice.

"North Yorkshire is a safe county and these convictions prove that we'll do everything in our power to keep it that way."

****

**The following defendants were sentenced for their roles in the gang at the same hearing:**

Aston Drummond, 27, of Mandley Avenue, Manchester, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cannabis. Sentenced to 46 weeks suspended for two years and 200 hours of unpaid work.

Stephen Ryan, 48, of The Moss, Manchester, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cannabis. Sentenced to 46 weeks suspended for two years and a six-month curfew.

Kelly Haylett, 37, of Bracken Hill, Scarborough, pleaded Guilty to Encouraging or assisting an organised crime group. Sentenced to 46 weeks suspended for two years and 200 hours of unpaid work.

Carl Appleby, 28, of Oldham Road, Manchester, pleaded guilty to encourage or assist in an organised crime group. Sentenced to eight months suspended for 18months.

Liam Whittaker, 24, of Main Street, Failsworth, Manchester, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine. Sentenced to two years suspended for two years, a supervision order for 12 months and a curfew for six months.

Charles Busuttil, 81, of Grange Park Road, Manchester, found guilty of entering a money laundering arrangement and possession of criminal property. Sentenced to 18 months suspended for two years.

Luke Busuttil, 20, of Grange Park Road, Manchester, pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of cannabis. Sentenced to a 12-month intensive community sentence.

Ellie Lindley, 26, of Friars Road, Sale, pleaded guilty to converting criminal property. Sentenced to 100 hours of unpaid work.

Maria Hinds, 48, of Totness Road, Sale, pleaded guilty to fraud by false representation. Sentenced to 150 hours of unpaid work.

Posted on 9 June 2016 at 01:10pm in News stories
