```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-04T16:52:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-04T16:34:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Three men aged 22, 19 and 18, and two boys aged 14 and 15 years-old were arrested and interviewed in connection with the offences. The three men have been released under investigation and the two boys have been placed on conditional bail. In addition to the arrests, officers also carried out a search of four [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/Selby-burglary-arrests-cropped.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five arrested during &#039;day of action&#039; following spate of Selby burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-during-day-of-action-following-spate-of-selby-burglaries/
title: Five arrested during 'day of action' following spate of Selby burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-arrested-during-day-of-action-following-spate-of-selby-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 4 August 2020 at 05:52pm

Following a recent increase in burglaries and auto crime in the Selby district, a team of 25 police officers and PCSOs took part in a day of action across the Selby District.

Three men aged 22, 19 and 18, and two boys aged 14 and 15 years-old were arrested and interviewed in connection with the offences. The three men have been released under investigation and the two boys have been placed on conditional bail.

In addition to the arrests, officers also carried out a search of four properties.

The arrests follow three car key ‘2 in 1’ burglaries in the area – one on Selby’s Brook Street on 19 July where a Vauxhall Astra was stolen, one in Acorn Close in Barlby on 24 July where a BMW was stolen, and the third on Mirkhill Road in Selby, in the early hours of Monday morning (3 August), where a Toyota was stolen.

Both the Astra and Toyota have been recovered locally but the BMW has not been recovered to date.

There was also a further incident on Selby’s Flaxley Court in the early hours of 30 July where an attempt was made to steal an Audi parked outside an address.

Vans and cars have also recently been targeted in Ousegate and John Street between 22 and 24 July where cash and various tools have been stolen.

An attempted burglary also took place at Herbert Brown’s in Gowthorpe between 26 and 27 July where offenders climbed onto a roof, removed a skylight and attempted to cut the metal bars to gain entry. Offenders fled the scene after the alarm was activated.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigations should email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200126372

Posted on 4 August 2020 at 05:34pm in Burglary, News stories
