```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-19T11:44:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Secure your home and outbuildings - that&#039;s the message from detectives after a number of burglaries in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Property security warning following York burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-security-warning-following-york-burglaries/
title: Property security warning following York burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-security-warning-following-york-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Secure your home and outbuildings - that's the message from detectives after a number of burglaries in York.

Officers are investigating ten burglaries in the Tang Hall, Osbaldwick and Heworth areas of the city, all of which have occurred in the last week. In nine out of the ten incidents, entry was gained through insecure doors, windows or garages.

Stolen property includes laptops, games consoles, smartphones and tablets, bottles of whiskey and bicycles. The offences all took place between 12 February and the early hours of this morning (19 February).

Extensive enquiries are ongoing into the burglaries.

Detectives are urging residents in the Tang Hall, Osbaldwick and Heworth areas to take extra precautions to protect their property. Crime prevention information is also being distributed via social media and display screens in student accommodation.

DC Rebecca Hughes, of York Police, said: "While York is a very safe city, there have recently been a number of burglaries targeting insecure homes and garages in the Tang Hall, Osbaldwick and Heworth areas. Please help us keep you safe by taking basic crime prevention measures to secure your property."

DC Hughes urged residents to:

 * Lock doors and windows (whether the property is occupied or not)
 * Keep records and photographs of valuable and electrical items including serial numbers, IMEI numbers and descriptions including any unique features
 * Install location software such as Find My iPhone to ensure that you can wipe your data and locate your devices if necessary
 * Use our interactive home security self-assessment tool, BurglarProof, which you can access on a smartphone or other mobile device to ensure your property is a safe as possible: http://burglarproof.nyp.mobi/

In addition, if you see anyone acting suspiciously, contact the police on 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999.

If you have any information about any of the burglaries, please call 101, select option 2 and ask for York CID. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Posted on 19 February 2015 at 11:44am in News stories
