```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-11T10:35:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-11T10:07:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between 9.30pm on Tuesday 9 February and 12.05am on Wednesday 10 February, thieves forced open a secure compound at Murton, York. They stole a total of four quad bikes in two separate visits. Three quad bikes were driven along the A64 westbound at around 9.45pm, and were last seen close to the A162 junction. It [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/3136-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Quad bike theft suspect arrested as enquiries continue to locate stolen vehicles - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-theft-suspect-arrested-as-enquiries-continue-to-locate-stolen-vehicles/
title: Quad bike theft suspect arrested as enquiries continue to locate stolen vehicles
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-theft-suspect-arrested-as-enquiries-continue-to-locate-stolen-vehicles/
```

Last modified: 11 February 2021 at 10:35am

A man has been arrested as police investigate the theft of several quad bikes stolen from North Yorkshire.

Between 9.30pm on Tuesday 9 February and 12.05am on Wednesday 10 February, thieves forced open a secure compound at Murton, York. They stole a total of four quad bikes in two separate visits.

Three quad bikes were driven along the A64 westbound at around 9.45pm, and were last seen close to the A162 junction. It is believed they were heading towards Leeds.

A fourth quad was stolen at about midnight. Four men were seen in the compound, after which the quad was driven along the A64 without lights. A short time later police found it abandoned near Elvington Lane. It was recovered and will be returned to its rightful owner.

A 22-year-old man from Leeds was located nearby, and arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to steal a motor vehicle. He has been released on bail – with conditions not to enter North Yorkshire – as police enquiries continue.

The three stolen vehicles still outstanding are:

 * Yamaha Grizzly 700cc farm quad bike, 2017 model, Realtree camo colour
 * Honda TRX420 FM quad bike, 4wd, 2009, manual gearbox, red in colour
 * Suzuki KingQuad 500 XP 4wd ATV, 2016, power steering, green in colour

Anyone who has any information about the thefts, or who may have seen the vehicles on the A64 or elsewhere, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police. Call 101, or email Sarah.Hodge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference 12210056364 when passing information.

Quad bikes are particularly targeted by thieves, particularly in rural areas, as they are small, valuable and easy to transport. Owners are urged to take extra security precautions:

 * Fit a GPS tracking device.
 * Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads.
 * Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the quad.
 * Secure with wheel clamps and/or locking posts.
 * Mark or customise your quad so it is easily identifiable, and keep a record, including photographs and serial numbers.

North Yorkshire Police have warned quad bike thieves that they will face an immediate and robust response, followed by likely arrest and prosecution.

Posted on 11 February 2021 at 10:07am in News stories, Rural
