```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-30T11:17:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Emergency services and partner agencies continue to work around the clock in response to the flooding in York and North Yorkshire and the damage caused to Tadcaster Bridge.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'UPDATED 3.15pm 30 December 2015: Floods and Tadcaster Bridge - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-3-15pm-30-december-2015-floods-tadcaster-bridge/
title: 'UPDATED 3.15pm 30 December 2015: Floods and Tadcaster Bridge'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/updated-3-15pm-30-december-2015-floods-tadcaster-bridge/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Emergency services and partner agencies continue to work around the clock in response to the flooding in York and North Yorkshire and the damage caused to Tadcaster Bridge.

**3.15pm Tadcaster Bridge**

Following the gas leak in Tadcaster on the night of 29 December 2015 and the subsequent cordon put in place to protect local properties. We can confirm that the cordon has now been lifted and residents allowed to return to their properties.

However, Tadcaster Bridge remains closed and pedestrians and motorists should not try to cross it.

**1pm 30 December 2015**

Emergency services and partner agencies continue to work around the clock in response to the flooding in York and North Yorkshire and the damage caused to Tadcaster Bridge.

River levels continue to drop in York and other affected areas, however, with more rain forecast for York and North Yorkshire today, we are reminding people to keep up to date with the latest flood alerts and warnings from the Environment Agency and Met Office weather forecasts.

We can now advise that the severe flood warning around Tadcaster Bridge that was put in place yesterday (29 December 2015) has now been lifted.

The gas leak which occurred as a result of the partial collapse of Tadcaster Bridge yesterday (29 December) has since been capped off.

The gas leak affected a number of properties in the area and following the evacuation of houses and commercial premises in Tadcaster yesterday evening, the police cordons have remained in place to ensure safety to the public.

Northern Gas staff have been facilitating controlled checks of all the premises concerned with the majority of checks already complete.

However, if your property has still not been checked, owners and key holders are urged to meet Northern Gas representatives at the locations below.

The following premises were effected

**West of the Bridge:**

All premises from Nat West Bank (junction of Kirkgate) on Bridge Street back towards the bridge.

All premises from the junction of New Street with Bridge Street again back towards the bridge.

Those attending please park your vehicles on Kirkgate and approach a member of the Northern Gas staff at the Nat West bank.

**East of the Bridge:**

All the premises from Costcutter back towards the river.

On the opposite side of the road from 38 Commercial Street back towards the bridge.

Please park in the bus station car park and approach a member of the Northern Gas team.

You are asked not to enter any premises without a member of Northern Gas being present.

Once your premises has been checked and made safe you will be asked to leave the area. Once all the premises have been checked Selby District Council will issue a further information when the area is safe for all to return.

North Yorkshire Police's Temporary Assistant Chief Constable, Ken McIntosh, who is chairing a Strategic Co-ordination Group in response to the flooding, said: "Our priority remains the safety of the public and their property. In light of recent burglaries reported in evacuated properties in York, we are continuing our reassurance patrols in the area, with assistance from the army.

"As people return to their properties now that some of the flood water has receded, we urge residents to ensure they make their properties secure, especially if they cannot stay in them. Take sentimental and valuable items with you and report any suspicious activity to the police immediately. If you see a crime in progress, please call 999.

"As the recovery work continues and more wet weather is forecast, I urge everyone to keep track of the forecasts, road conditions and flood warnings, drive according to the weather conditions and stay safe. Temperatures are set to drop to below freezing on New Year's Eve which will make roads even more hazardous.

"This week has seen some extraordinary efforts by ordinary members of the public and although, the words 'thank you' are not nearly enough, I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved for their generosity, kindness and public spirited actions."

Members of the public are urged to continue to abide by road closure signs, even if the road looks clear, the signs remain in place until the roads have been cleaned of debris left by the floods.

To keep up to date with the latest flood warnings and alerts, please visit _https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/map_

You can also follow @EnvAgencyYNE and #floodaware on Twitter for the latest updates. Or call the Floodline on 0345 9881188.

For tips on driving in wet and wintry weather, please visit _www.northyorkshire.police.uk/winterdriving_

If you need to contact North Yorkshire Police for non-emergency matters, please call our temporary non-emergency line 01609 768182.

In an emergency, always dial 999.

Flood water can contain lots of germs, follow this link to health advice from Public Health England _https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/flooding-health-guidance-and-advice_

Being affected by flooding can also have an impact on your mental wellbeing, follow this link to more advice about your mental health _https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/flooding-health-advice-mental-health-following-floods_

**Statement from North Yorkshire County Council regarding Tadcaster Bridge**

North Yorkshire County Council's bridge engineers made an initial inspection of Tadcaster Bridge yesterday (29 December). The inspection revealed damage to the parapet and side wall of the bridge, with further assessment needed by divers.

Unfortunately, later that day, the bridge partially collapsed, causing considerable damage to the bridge structure.

We will undertake a detailed assessment of the bridge as soon as it is safe to do so.

Currently, the bridge structure is still dangerous and there is further risk of collapse as river levels remain high.

We will provide further information once we have been able to assess the damage further, at which point we can consider solutions and the potential timescales involved. Our advice is to keep away from the bridge. Do not attempt to cross it.

ENDS

Posted on 30 December 2015 at 11:17am in News stories
