```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T19:56:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-08-10T19:54:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 13 Special Constables took to the streets of Scarborough on Saturday night (8 August 2015) to provide over 200 extra hours of policing.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 200-hour special boost to policing in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/200-hour-special-boost-policing-scarborough/
title: 200-hour special boost to policing in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/200-hour-special-boost-policing-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 07:56pm

13 Special Constables took to the streets of Scarborough on Saturday night (8 August 2015) to provide over 200 extra hours of policing.

The operation, aimed at cracking down on drug use and keeping the town a safe and enjoyable place to have a night out, was led by Special Inspector Raffi Aghanian.

His team of volunteer officers provided both high-visibility patrols and plain clothes patrols in the town centre and Eastfield. Officers also brought in a passive drugs detection dog to help sniff out any drug users as they entered licensed premised.

Special Inspector Aghanian, said: "The operation was very worthwhile and supported our regular colleagues with extra resilience and a reassuring policing presence to help keep disorder to a minimum during a busy Saturday night. As well as targeting drug use and drink-fuelled antisocial behaviour, we also stopped a number of vehicles in support of Operation Aegis, our ongoing road safety campaign.

"The team was made up of a mix of very experienced specials with years of policing under their belts, and some of our new specials in training who joined us from other areas of North Yorkshire. It was a very valuable learning experience for them and provided them with a variety of scenarios to deal with which will help them with their future special constabulary career."

Chief Inspector Lindsey Stamp of Scarborough police added: "Scarborough can be very busy at weekends, especially in the summer season when visitors flock to the area. It is important that everyone can enjoy what the town has to offer and that their evening is not spoiled by a minority. The Special Constabulary provide a much-valued contribution to local policing and as this weekend has demonstrated, their support has provided a very welcome boost to our regular policing activity. My thanks go to the officers for giving up their spare time to help keep our town as safe as possible."

10 people were searched following indications by the passive drugs detection dog. These are specially trained dogs that will indicate quietly when they can smell drugs on a person in a public place.

A 26-year-old woman from Billingham was arrested for possession of cocaine after being ejected from a bar, she has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

Officers also used the drugs detection dog to carry out a search of the skate park on Royal Albert Drive to check for signs of drug use. A small package with traces of white powder was retrieved.

In a separate incident, a man was arrested after becoming abusive to door staff at Quids Inn. He was later charged with using threatening words and behaviour and resisting a police officer. He is due to appear at Scarborough Magistrates' Court on 24 August.

A 16-year-old youth was issued with a caution after specials and regular officers responded to an incident caught on CCTV that showed a youth running away after head-butting someone. While no complaint was made by the victim, the incident was captured on CCTV and officers were able to track the suspect and arrest him nearby.

Elsewhere in the town, officers arrested a 25-year-old man after the door of a residential property was badly damaged. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

The specials came to the aid of the Street Angels after a man became abusive towards them when they found him collapsed in the street. The man was suffering from the effects of alcohol and was later picked up by his father.

Special Constables, or "specials" as they are also known, are volunteer officers who give up their own time to support their regular colleagues.

They play a key role in local policing and have the same powers in law as regular police officers, including the power of arrest. However, the role of specials can also extend into more complex areas of policing.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer a minimum of four hours a week to their local police force, forming a vital link between the regular (full-time) police and the local community.

Posted on 10 August 2015 at 07:54pm in News stories
