```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:46:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-13T13:14:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The conviction rate of 79.5% equates to 31 convictions out of 39 prosecutions over the past year. The figures cover convictions throughout the past 12 months up to August across all 42 force areas in England and Wales. Derbyshire has the second highest rape conviction rate, at just over 72%. Detective Superintendent Nigel Costello, North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Eight out of ten North Yorkshire rape cases result in conviction - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eight-ten-north-yorkshire-rape-cases-result-conviction/
title: Eight out of ten North Yorkshire rape cases result in conviction
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/eight-ten-north-yorkshire-rape-cases-result-conviction/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:46am

North Yorkshire currently has the highest rape conviction rates in the country, new figures reveal. Almost eight in every ten rape suspects charged by North Yorkshire Police and prosecuted by the CPS were convicted of the offence.

The conviction rate of 79.5% equates to 31 convictions out of 39 prosecutions over the past year.

The figures cover convictions throughout the past 12 months up to August across all 42 force areas in England and Wales.

Derbyshire has the second highest rape conviction rate, at just over 72%.

Detective Superintendent Nigel Costello, North Yorkshire Police’s lead for Safeguarding and Public Protection said: “The reported conviction rates are extremely encouraging and it highlights the amount of work we do as a force with our partners to ensure that all reports of sexual offences are thoroughly investigated and victims are protected from harm. This obviously includes perpetrators being brought to justice, the majority of which are known to their victim but unfortunately abuse relationship trust.

“It’s important to remember that sadly convictions only happen due to the fact that there have been victims of crime. North Yorkshire Police and partners are working hard to support victims from report to court and beyond.

"This includes the use of skilled, specially-trained officers and staff. Additionally we are focussed on preventing offences from occurring in the first place and - where necessary and proportionate to do so - apply to the courts for conditions to be granted against individuals by way of an order to protect the public from harm.

“I am truly inspired by the courage of victims and I would personally like to encourage anyone that suffers abuse now - or has done so in the past - to contact the police so that we can work with you to prevent this occurring in the future.

“Alternatively if you wish to consider your options but want assistance, then please use your self-referral service through Bridge House where emotional support and advice can be obtained. Experts there can help you understand your options so you can decide whether you should report the abuse you have suffered.

"What I would like to emphasise is do not blame yourself for what has happened – we would like to work with you to prevent it happening again, to you or another.”

****

**Useful contact information**

If you believe you have been subjected to rape or sexual assault, the following contact details may help:

 * Always get to a place of safety and call 999 if you have been raped or sexually assaulted and are fearful for your safety

 * If you are not in immediate danger use the non-emergency number 101

 * You can contact Bridge House – North Yorkshire Police’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) – on 01904 669339, email sarc@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or find out more at www.turntobridgehouse.org

 * The charity Rape Crisis 0808 802 9999 can also offer guidance and help you access other services

**The official statistics relating to crime and policing are maintained by the Home Office and the official statistics relating to sentencing, criminal court proceedings, offenders brought to justice, the courts and the judiciary are maintained by the Ministry of Justice.**

Posted on 13 September 2016 at 01:14pm in News stories
