```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:49:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T16:03:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Overnight between 11pm on 8 November and 7am on 9 November 2019, a house on Oak Drive was broken into and four jackets valued at approx. \xA31630 were taken from inside. One of the jackets was later recovered in a nearby garden.\_ Around the same time, another address on Oak Drive was broken into and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following three car key burglaries in Thorpe Willoughby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-car-key-2-in-1-burglaries-in-thorpe-willoughby/
title: Appeal following three car key burglaries in Thorpe Willoughby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-three-car-key-2-in-1-burglaries-in-thorpe-willoughby/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:49pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following a car key burglary (2-in-1) and two attempted car key burglaries in Thorpe Willoughby.

Overnight between 11pm on 8 November and 7am on 9 November 2019, a house on Oak Drive was broken into and four jackets valued at approx. £1630 were taken from inside. One of the jackets was later recovered in a nearby garden.

Around the same time, another address on Oak Drive was broken into and a purse containing cards and £100 cash and gift bag containing birthday cards was taken. The gift bag was later recovered nearby.

Officers are treating both burglaries as an attempt to steal the car key to vehicles parked outside.

Sometime between 3am and 3.30am on 9 November a house on Dane Avenue was broken into and two cars and their car keys and two mobile phones were taken. The stolen vehicles are a White 17-reg Audi A4 and a white 64-reg Volvo XC60. One of the mobile phones was later recovered nearby.

Police are appealing for information, in particular, they want to hear from anyone who noticed any suspicious people or vehicles or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in the area at the time.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation or has seen, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, select option 2 and ask for David Pegg. You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote relevant the following reference numbers when providing information if it relates to a specific incident:

· 12190206693 – jackets stolen on Oak Drive

· 12190206650 – purse and giftbag stolen on Oak Drive

· 12190206613 – two Audis stolen on Dane Avenue

**Car key (2-in-1) burglaries**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will often target the owners of high-value vehicles; ‘cruising’ around residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit their security and get to their keys.

For advice on how to protect your home and your car from car key burglars visit: northyorkshire.police.uk/2in1burglary

Posted on 11 November 2019 at 04:03pm in Burglary, News stories
