```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-29T14:51:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-29T14:27:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Timothy Cowin, 44, pleaded guilty to two charges concerning the intentional killing of two protected short-eared owls on the Whernside Estate in Cumbria, an area managed for driven grouse shooting. He also pleaded guilty to one charge relating to the possession of items capable of being used to commit offences against wild birds. Cowin appeared [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/6232.small-PC-Carr-Davis-recovering-first-shot-short-eared-owl-Guy-Shorrock-RSPB.jpg-550x0.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Gamekeeper convicted of shooting two protected owls - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/shot-owls/
title: Gamekeeper convicted of shooting two protected owls
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/shot-owls/
```

Last modified: 29 August 2018 at 03:51pm

The conviction of a gamekeeper who shot two protected short-eared owls should serve as a warning to others who commit wildlife crime, North Yorkshire Police said today.

Timothy Cowin, 44, pleaded guilty to two charges concerning the intentional killing of two protected short-eared owls on the Whernside Estate in Cumbria, an area managed for driven grouse shooting. He also pleaded guilty to one charge relating to the possession of items capable of being used to commit offences against wild birds.

Officers recover the remains of an owl. Photograph: RSPB

Cowin appeared in Lancaster Magistrates Court yesterday and was fined £400 for killing each owl and £200 for possessing the calling device, which was forfeited by the court. He was ordered to pay £170 costs and a £40 victim surcharge – a total of £1,210.

Outside court, Sergeant Kevin Kelly, from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, who worked on the investigation with the RSPB, said: “Following this conviction, I feel like we have taken another step forward addressing bird crime.

“This is the first courtroom conviction for a raptor persecution case in a number of years and I’m proud of my officers who have persevered through this investigation.

“On the face of things it looks fairly straightforward. However, I can assure you that this case was not. It was extremely complicated with acute matters of law and procedure at the highest scrutiny.”

On 19 April 2017, RSPB officers visited the area and Cowin was seen walking on the moor holding a gun. An RSPB officer saw Cowin shoot and kill two short-eared owls before disposing of their bodies on the moor.

The police were called immediately and, after a pursuit on foot, Cowin was arrested. Both owl corpses were recovered, and a post-mortem examination confirmed they had been shot.

A ‘Fox pro’ calling device – a type of electronic sound luring device – was also found in Cowin’s vehicle and seized. The device was later examined and found to have had the calls of birds of prey added to the device.

Sgt Kelly added: “I appreciate there will be varying degrees of frustration levelled at this case and the outcome. None more so than myself as this undermines the excellent work we have been doing with Operation Owl whereby police and investigators are bringing landowners, land managers, game keepers, around the table to help eradicate persecution.

“This whole situation could have been avoided by good practice and accountability – something that was clearly devoid with Cowin in April 2017.

“Cowin has not only let himself down, he has tarnished his former profession and no doubt his actions will have a lasting impact. We will continue to take positive action, to enforce when opportunities arise and keep up engagement.”

Guy Shorrock, RSPB Senior Investigations Officer, said: “Over the years we have had a number of very disturbing reports from people within the shooting industry alleging widespread and systematic killing of short-eared owls on grouse moors in the north of England. The premeditated way these beautiful birds were flushed, shot and hidden was truly shocking. We are immensely grateful for the response of the police to this remote location.”

**Members of the public who have information or concerns about raptor persecution or any other types of rural crime are urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.** **The RSPB recently launched a confidential Raptor Crime Hotline on 0300 999 0101.**

Posted on 29 August 2018 at 03:27pm in News stories
