```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-30T09:02:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-30T08:45:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The first bird, a large adult red kite, was found dead by a member of the public on the Thursday 25 October 2018 near to Wath in Harrogate. The bird was recovered and taken to a specialist vet to be x-rayed to determine the cause of its death. The x-ray uncovered two pieces of shot, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Red-Kite-12180199938-300x300.jpeg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Double blow as two more rare birds found shot in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/double-blow-as-two-more-rare-birds-found-shot-in-north-yorkshire/
title: Double blow as two more rare birds found shot in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/double-blow-as-two-more-rare-birds-found-shot-in-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 30 November 2018 at 09:02am

Wildlife crime officers are appealing for information about two more rare birds of prey, which have been found shot in North Yorkshire.

The first bird, a large adult red kite, was found dead by a member of the public on the Thursday 25 October 2018 near to Wath in Harrogate. The bird was recovered and taken to a specialist vet to be x-rayed to determine the cause of its death. The x-ray uncovered two pieces of shot, which were lodged within the bird.

The second shooting took place on Thursday 8 November 2018 when an adult buzzard was found by a member of the public, injured but still alive in Riccall near Selby. Despite efforts to save the bird, due to the extensive injuries that had been inflicted upon it, it had to be put to sleep. On examination, the vet believed that the bird had been shot in the days before it was found, due to the level of infection in the wound. Further inspection of the bird found the shot has shattered its collarbone, shoulder and humerus leaving the bird in significant pain, until it was euthanised.

Appealing for information, Sergeant Kevin Kelly from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce said “It’s with much frustration, that I again make another witness appeal regarding two rare birds of prey, that we are privileged to have in our skies, being mindlessly and illegally shot.

“If you have any information that will assist the investigation, please come forward and contact police via 101 and pass the information to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference 12180210290 for the buzzard investigation and 12180199938 for the red kite investigation.

“We have two extremely experienced wildlife crime officers leading these investigations and they will follow up on any tangible enquiries. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the members of public for taking the responsibility to report these matters.”

Speaking about the shooting of the red kite, a spokesperson for the Nidderdale Moorland Group said: “We have been made aware of this incident and we are fully supporting the Police investigation. An estate owner and moorland group member found the bird and handed it into the police. The Nidderdale Moorland Group is dismayed by this incident and is committed to helping eradicate wildlife crime. We would ask anyone with information to contact the police.”

Posted on 30 November 2018 at 08:45am in News stories
