```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-12-01T08:32:10+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The community spirit of youngsters in North Yorkshire has been recognised at a glittering awards ceremony.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Lifestyle Awards recognise community-spirited North Yorkshire youngsters - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-awards-recognise-community-spirited-north-yorkshire-youngsters/
title: Lifestyle Awards recognise community-spirited North Yorkshire youngsters
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/lifestyle-awards-recognise-community-spirited-north-yorkshire-youngsters/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

The community spirit of youngsters in North Yorkshire has been recognised at a glittering awards ceremony.

The North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Awards Ceremony took place at York Racecourse on Thursday 19 November. The event rewards those who took part in a competition over the summer holidays which encouraged groups of young people to carry out projects that improve their communities.

Now in its third year, one of the aims behind the Lifestyle Challenge is to give young people a voice in their community and the opportunity to make positive changes. Since 2013 it has seen hundreds of youngsters aged between 10 and 17 take part, with hundreds of hours of work put in to projects as varied as cleaning beaches, clearing the gardens of elderly or housebound residents, organising family fun days, bake sales, sports days and launching anti-crime initiatives.

The ceremony was hosted by Minster FM's afternoon presenter Alex Brown and was attended by the Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Dave Jones, the Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan and the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire Charlie Forbes-Adam.

Presenting the first award of the evening was Kurt Calder, Group Corporate Relations Manager for Shepherd Group. He said: "As a major employer in York, Shepherd Group enjoys engaging with and supporting the communities where our businesses operate. Shepherd Group supports a wide range of community initiatives and the Lifestyle Challenge Awards is among our favourites as it enables, encourages and, ultimately, rewards young people for carrying out exciting and worthwhile projects."

Receiving the award of a PGL Adventure Holiday were Millie, Thomas and Claudia of "Team Tidy" from Selby. The three of them spent the summer holidays tidying up their school's grounds and gardens. From weeding, watering, pruning and clearing to washing toys, making compost bins and retrieving sports equipment from hedges the team helped to make their school presentable for the new term and won them the praise of the Headteacher too.

Other awards were presented by sponsors Hiscox, Virgin Trains East Coast, York City Football Foundation, the High Sheriff of North Yorkshire and the NHS Clinical Commissioning Group for Hambleton, Richmondshire and Whitby, as well as partner agencies Safer York, Safer Selby, Safer Hambleton and Richmondshire.

The projects carried out by the teams included organising sports days for youngsters, a family fun day complete with bouncy castle and barbeque, a magazine for teenagers giving advice on how to stay safe and healthy, a pop-up café with a different theme each week for residents and visitors to York, a bake sale and creating an art installation representing the effect of anti-social behaviour.

Ben and Saul from "Banana Waffles" received the Hiscox Award for their inspiring campaign to raise awareness of the plight of homeless people. Featured in the York Press and on local radio, the duo held a sponsored sleep-out, sold copies of their own cook book and raised an impressive amount of money for charities working with vulnerable young people. They also started a food and toiletries bank and received over 600 donations to be distributed to those in need.

PC Suzanne Asquith, Youth Engagement Officer for North Yorkshire Police, said: "The Lifestyle Awards Ceremony is one of my favourite events of the year. To me, there is nothing more rewarding than being able to celebrate the achievement of our young people who have thought out these projects themselves and used their summer holidays to improve life for someone else."

York City Football Club Foundation was also supporting the Lifestyle Challenge this year, and selected the "HALO Sports Stars" as winners of their Sports Challenge. Rebecca, Sophie, Olivia, Joanna and Charlotte from Knayton held sports days in their local park and offered taster sessions of sports from football and dance to cricket and gymnastics. Their school, Knayton Primary, will now receive a new haul of sports equipment.

The winners will all be going on a PGL Adventure Holiday in April next year and the winners of the Virgin East Coast Train's Enterprise Award won a mountain bike each.

Posted on 1 December 2015 at 08:32am in News stories
