```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-24T13:22:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-24T13:13:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We are now in a position to name the 50-year-old man who was found dead at a flat in Scarborough\u2019s Princess Street at around 4.30pm on Thursday (20 October 2016)."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/Richard-Walker.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Scarborough murder investigation: Appeal to trace witnesses as victim is named - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-murder-investigation-appeal-trace-witnesses-victim-named/
title: 'Scarborough murder investigation: Appeal to trace witnesses as victim is named'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-murder-investigation-appeal-trace-witnesses-victim-named/
```

Last modified: 24 October 2016 at 01:22pm

We are now in a position to name the 50-year-old man who was found dead at a flat in Scarborough’s Princess Street at around 4.30pm on Thursday (20 October 2016).

He is Richard Ian Walker from Scarborough. Mr Walker was known locally as “Ricky”.

His family is being supported by specialist police officers while the investigation continues.

Two men, aged 42 and 39, are still being held and questioned in custody on suspicion of murder.

A 54 year old man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder overnight Friday into Saturday, has been released on bail whilst enquiries continue.

Another 54-year-old man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder on Thursday, has been released with no further action.

Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn, Head of North Yorkshire Police’s Major Crime Unit, is appealing for witnesses and information to assist the investigation.

He said: “Ricky Walker’s injuries were the result of a violent and sustained assault. Detectives are carrying out a detailed investigation to establish the events leading up to his death at the flat on Princess Street at around 4.30pm last Thursday.

“To help our enquiries, we are keen to trace Ricky’s movements since the morning of Tuesday 18 October 2016 to the time of his death on Thursday. We believe Ricky was wearing a grey cap, dark jacket and was often seen to be carrying a satchel-type bag.”

Det Supt Malyn added: “The last known sighting of Ricky alive was on Wednesday 19 October 2016 at 3.15pm on St Helens Square, Scarborough. There was an altercation between an elderly couple driving a dark-coloured Vauxhall estate car. We know Ricky wasn’t involved in this altercation, but that he was a nearby witness to it.

“I am appealing for the couple from the car to come forward as soon as possible as we believe they may have important information that could assist the investigation.”

If you can assist the investigation, please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, press 2, and ask to speak to the Scarborough Serious Crime Team. Or call the Incident Room on 01609 643252.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160190924 when providing details about this incident.

Posted on 24 October 2016 at 01:13pm in News stories
