```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:52:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-21T10:22:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; In the early hours of 2 December last year, burglars broke into a home in the Thanet Road area of Acomb and stole a BMW 3 Series and an Audi TT parked outside. Shortly after the burglary, the Audi was sighted by officers from North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Operational Support Unit, on the A1237 near [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/11/Nathan-Terrence-Adams-15-06-92.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Two jailed after burglary ends in high-speed pursuit through York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-jailed-after-burglary-ends-in-high-speed-pursuit-through-york/
title: Two jailed after burglary ends in high-speed pursuit through York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/two-jailed-after-burglary-ends-in-high-speed-pursuit-through-york/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:52pm

Nathan Terrance Adams, 27, and Jordan Lawrence Ellerby, 24, have been jailed for a total of six years and three months following a high-speed police pursuit through York in a stolen Audi.

Nathan Terrance Adams has been jailed for five years and nine months

Jordan Lawrence Ellerby has been sentenced to six months

In the early hours of 2 December last year, burglars broke into a home in the Thanet Road area of Acomb and stole a BMW 3 Series and an Audi TT parked outside.

Shortly after the burglary, the Audi was sighted by officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Operational Support Unit, on the A1237 near Poppleton.

The vehicle failed to stop, leading police on a high-speed pursuit across the city, despite heavy rain and surface water, reaching speeds of over 100mph, driving on the wrong side of the road and forcing other motorists to quickly move out of the way.

The pursuit ended in the Birch Park area after the Audi collided with a parked car (pictured) and the driver and the passengers fled the vehicle.

All three occupants, including Adams and Ellerby, were detained by officers a short distance away and arrested. They replied ‘no comment’ throughout police interviews but were later charged with aggravated vehicle taking and appeared at court.

Adams admitted his part in the vehicle theft in addition to another burglary in the Beckfield Lane area, whilst on bail, where he stole the car keys for a Volkswagen Golf GTI parked outside. Commenting on Beckfield Lane burglary Police Investigator Dave Pegg, one of the Burglary Coordinators for North Yorkshire Police said:

"In the early hours of 18 May this year, Adams had the shock of his life when he walked into the kitchen of the property in Beckfield Lane and came across the homeowner who is built like ‘The Rock’ and who gave chase dressed in just his boxer shorts. The homeowner lost sight of both Adams and his accomplice but on return to his property, caught them trying to get into his Golf and managed to chase them away once again.”

Adams, who also admitted to committing other offences whilst on bail for talking the Audi, was later picked out at an identification parade by an eye-witness.

On Tuesday 19 November at York Crown Court, Adams, of Knotto Bottom Way, Northallerton, formally of York, was sentenced to five years and nine months in prison and give a four-year driving ban following release.

Ellerby, of Healey Grove, York, who is already serving a 38-month sentence for a commercial burglary, committed while on bail for the vehicle theft, pleaded guilty and also appeared at York Crown Court on Tuesday 19 November, was sentenced to six months to be served consecutively.

The third arrested man was found not guilty after a trial. The BMW stolen during the burglary in the Thanet Road area was recovered undamaged by officers the day after the burglary.

Speaking after the sentencing, Traffic Constable Mark Patterson of North Yorkshire Police’s Road Policing Group, who was involved in the pursuit of the Audi stolen from Acomb said:

“No-one was hurt in this case but the trauma of knowing someone has been in your house whilst your children are asleep upstairs can’t be underestimated – the impact of burglary is devastating and long lasting for victims.

“The sentence passed today reflects the seriousness of their crimes, showing absolutely no regard to the victims whose car they had stolen and the risk Adams placed other road users in, by driving so irresponsibly and dangerously that night to evade police.

“I hope that this outcome will provide some comfort to their victims in the knowledge that they are now behind bars for a long period of time.”

**Car key (2-in-1) burglaries**

A car key burglary, or 2-in-1 burglary as they are sometimes known, is where a criminal breaks into your home with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. For advice on how you can protect both your car and home visit northyorkshire.police.uk/2in1burglary

The vehicle failed to stop, leading police on a high-speed pursuit across the city, despite heavy rain and surface water The pursuit ended after the Audi collided with a parked car

Posted on 21 November 2019 at 10:22am in Burglary, News stories
