```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T08:19:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-19T08:18:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for suspects of attempted burglary - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-suspects-attempted-burglary/
title: Appeal for suspects of attempted burglary
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-suspects-attempted-burglary/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 08:19am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted burglary that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened at Londesborough Lodge, The Crescent, Scarborough which is a buddhist Health and Well being Centre owned and ran by a charity called the Rokpa Trust.

It occured at 15:45 on 12th March 2016 and involved two males attempting to gain entry to the premises and then steeling a grey, ladies mountain bike.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the identity of the two suspects described as:

Suspect 1: white male, late teens, light hair, medium build, bright blue hooded top with large white Adidas logo across the front and hood pulled up, grey tracksuit bottoms, carrying a red draw string bag crossed over the front of his chest.

Suspect 2: white male, late teens, short dark hair, wearing a dark green jacket.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC Leah Gillon colalr number 596. You can also email leah.gillon@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160043618.

19 April 2016

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12160043618

Posted on 19 April 2016 at 08:18am in News stories
