```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-13T17:20:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses to an altercation that occurred between two men in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following assault in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-york-2/
title: Appeal following assault in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-assault-york-2/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

North Yorkshire Police are appealing for witnesses to an altercation that occurred between two men in York.

The incident happened at 8am on Monday 13 March 2017 on Bishopthorpe Road, York.

The male driver of a large black vehicle has got out of his vehicle near the shops on Bishopthorpe Road and has confronted and attacked another man walking on the pavement. The driver got back into his vehicle and left in the direction of Scarcroft Road.

The driver of the large black vehicle is described as a white man aged in his mid 40's.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about this incident and are appealing for witnesses to this incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC85 EASTON. You can also email sara.easton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170042310.

Date - 13th March 2017

Contact details:
 Sara Easton \- #0085
sara.easton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 37516
Incident reference:
 12170042310
Posted on 13 March 2017 at 05:20pm in Local appeals
