```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:36:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-29T13:01:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses after a 67 year old woman was bitten by a dog on Bishopgate Street (between Bishopthorpe Road and Skeldergate) in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after a woman was bitten by a dog on Christmas Eve - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-bitten-dog-christmas-eve/
title: Appeal after a woman was bitten by a dog on Christmas Eve
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-woman-bitten-dog-christmas-eve/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:36am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses after a 67 year old woman was bitten by a dog on Bishopgate Street (between Bishopthorpe Road and Skeldergate) in York.

The incident happened at around 11am on Sunday 24 December. The victim was walking a black Cocker Spaniel by the pedestrian crossing close to the junction with Skeldergate.

A white Staffordshire Bull Terrier then ran across the road and attacked the woman and her spaniel, causing a bite injury to the victim's stomach.

The Bull Terrier was with two men who took hold of it and then left towards Skeldergate. The victim then saw them again a few minutes later at Victoria Bar and the men walked off with the white dog up Nunnery Lane towards Blossom Street.

Police are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the victim, the two men and the Bull Terrier, either on Bishopgate during the incident or by Victoria Bar shortly afterwards.

In particular, we are appealing for a man who stopped to check on the victim's welfare with his daughter (who is believed to be around 7-9 years old) on Bishopgate, to come forward and assist with our enquiries.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and quote reference 12170229096. You can also email 000278@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Contact details:
 withhold withhold \- #0278
000278@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170229096
Posted on 29 December 2017 at 01:01pm in Local appeals
