```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-02-28T09:51:26+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers are investigating following a number of burglaries at properties in the village of Cononley near Skipton. The offences occurred overnight from Sunday, 24 February in to Monday, 25 February with garages and other outbuildings being targeted by the offenders. High-value pedal cycles, both mountain and road bikes, were taken in the burglaries. Details of [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/02/IMG_3471.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: High-value pedal cycles stolen in Cononley burglaries - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/high-value-pedal-cycles-stolen-in-cononley-burglaries/
title: High-value pedal cycles stolen in Cononley burglaries
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/high-value-pedal-cycles-stolen-in-cononley-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 28 February 2019 at 09:51am

Officers are investigating following a number of burglaries at properties in the village of Cononley near Skipton.

Officers are investigating following a number of burglaries at properties in the village of Cononley near Skipton.

The offences occurred overnight from Sunday, 24 February in to Monday, 25 February with garages and other outbuildings being targeted by the offenders. High-value pedal cycles, both mountain and road bikes, were taken in the burglaries.

Details of the stolen bikes are as follows:

 * PLANET X RTD Carbon frame hydraulic disk road bike with plastic mudguards, bike bag & black & white bottle cages including pump clip & pump. Front tyre Schwalbe Lugano with blue strip, rear tyre Schwalbe Lugano with no stripe new April 16/ Fabric saddle bag with tools. Cree front light on bars. Garmin out front mount on bars.
 * CANNONDALE SYNAPSE 105 2017 Shimano 105 gearing 2 x aluminium bottle cages finished in carbon fibre effect & pump clip. Recent new continental Ultrasport tyres front & back. Fabric saddle bag with tools. Garmin out front mount on bars.
 * CUBE 29ER Carbon hardtail mountain bicycle hydraulic disc brakes, Rockshox forks with remote lock-out for front suspension with black plastic bottle cage & fabric saddle bag. Rocket Ron tyres front & back. Garmin out front mount on bars. Bianchi aluminium bar ends fixed to bars.
 * ORANGE Five full suspension mountain bike, orange in colour, hydraulic disk brakes, Maxxis High Roller II tyre on rear wheel, black 'BDG' seat with white detailing.

Has someone you know recently acquired a bike matching these descriptions and you believe it could be stolen? Do buy bikes and have been offered any of these models for sale over recent days? Have you seen any of these bikes for sale or know their whereabouts? If so, please contact us with information.

We would also encourage other owners of pedal cycles who live in Cononley who may not of checked their outbuilding since these burglaries to do so and report any items which have been stolen.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Sohail Tariq. You can also email Sohail.Tariq@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number NYP-25022019-0061.

Contact details:
 Sohail Tariq \- #0881
Sohail.Tariq@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30881
Incident reference:
 12190034802
Posted on 28 February 2019 at 09:51am in Local appeals
