```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-06T16:23:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-06T15:54:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker said; &#8220;Many of my colleagues have spent their Christmas and New Year period on duty, working hard to keep our communities safe &#8211; including some of the most vulnerable in society. That\u2019s why it is so disappointing to see that an unacceptable number of them have been subjected to abuse, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: First week of 2020 sees shocking number of assaults on North Yorkshire Police officers and staff - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-week-of-2020-sees-shocking-number-of-assaults-on-north-yorkshire-police-officers-and-staff/
title: First week of 2020 sees shocking number of assaults on North Yorkshire Police officers and staff
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-week-of-2020-sees-shocking-number-of-assaults-on-north-yorkshire-police-officers-and-staff/
```

Last modified: 6 January 2020 at 04:23pm

Sadly, it’s not been a great start to the new year for North Yorkshire Police, as the first week of 2020 has seen a shocking number of officers and staff attacked and injured, or verbally abused and threatened, while carrying out their job.

Assistant Chief Constable Mike Walker said; "Many of my colleagues have spent their Christmas and New Year period on duty, working hard to keep our communities safe - including some of the most vulnerable in society. That’s why it is so disappointing to see that an unacceptable number of them have been subjected to abuse, assaults and threats while carrying out their duties.

“Although police regularly place themselves in harm's way to protect others, it is never right to assume that they themselves should expect to be attacked or injured as 'part of the job'. Such assaults are entirely and completely unacceptable.”

Although the vast majority of people in York and North Yorkshire have started the year in a positive way, many spent the first day of 2020 in a police cell. 36 people were arrested by North Yorkshire Police on 31 December 2019 with another 52 arrested on 1 January 2020. In fact, New Year’s Day saw a number of individuals in custody, who were directly responsible attacks on police, or for incidents which had resulted in officers being injured, or left in fear for their safety.

The first arrest of 2020 came at one minute past midnight on Rougier Street in York, where 31-year-old man had become violent at local hotel. The man resisted arrest and in the process, assaulted three police officers. He was taken into custody and charged with three counts of assaulting an emergency worker.

Minutes later, three officers attended an incident in Acomb, where a man was reported to be acting in a violent manner. Officers found the man sat in a car, inside the garage of a property. When officers attempted to speak to him, he became aggressive, driving the car close to the officers and causing substantial damage to the garage. The officers managed to open the car door and arrest the driver, resulting in minor physical injuries to one officer. A 40-year-old man was subsequently charged with assault and affray. He will appear at York Magistrates Court on 16 January 2020.

At 1.30am the same morning, officers in York stopped and spoke to a man on Blake Street about an unconnected incident. However, he racially abused one of the officers, resulting in him being arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated public order offence. The man, who is 23 and from York, has been released under investigation, and will be referred to the CPS for a charging decision.

Later the same day, at around 11.15pm, a Roads Policing Officer stopped a vehicle on the A658 near Pool-in- Wharfedale on suspicion of drink driving. As the officer attempted to carry out a roadside breath test, two male passengers got out of the car and made threats towards the officer, before all three men got back in to the car and drove away. The officer was left in significant fear for his safety, and although he immediately tried to catch up with the vehicle, it was not located.

However, police enquiries into the incident continued, and two men from the Leeds area were arrested the following day. A 23-year-old man has been charged with failing to provide a specimen of breath for analysis, and obstructing a police officer in the execution of his duty. He is due to appear at Harrogate Magistrates Court on 30 January 2020. A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of affray. He has been released on bail pending further enquiries. The investigation is ongoing to locate the third man involved in the incident.

Sadly since New Year's Day, five more officers have required treatment for injuries sustained while carrying out their duties.

At 3.20pm Friday 3 January 2020, officers attended a violent incident in Harrogate, which resulted in an officer being punched in the face, causing him to suffer a fracture cheekbone. A 36-year-old man has been charged with assault.

In the early hours of Saturday 4 January 2020 in York, three officers received whiplash injuries when a suspected drink driver, who they were trying to contain, rammed the police van they were travelling in. A 33-year-old man was charged and is due to appear at Magistrates court today (Monday 6 January 2020).

Two officers in Harrogate, who were acting as good samaritans for a drunk man they found in the town centre, ended up being assaulted by him. To ensure his safety, they had agreed to give the man a lift to a nearby service station, where he was to be met by his parents. However, after arriving at the agreed location, the man became violent and attacked the officers; breaking one’s finger and punching the other in the face. An 18-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker and has been released under investigation.

Assistant Chief Constable Walker concluded; "Members of the public can be reassured that North Yorkshire Police will be here for them 24 hours a day, seven days a week, all year round. And those who subject us to assaults and threats will find themselves dealt with robustly, and put before the courts to answer for their crimes.

"As we anticipated, the festive period has been an extremely busy time for our officers and staff and I am incredibly proud of my colleagues who have continued to provide a professional service to all those in need of our help.”

Posted on 6 January 2020 at 03:54pm in News stories
