```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-21T12:49:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Hate crime can happen anywhere. It can happen at home, when you are on public transport, at work, when you are out socially or even online. It may sound obvious, but for a report of hate to be recorded as a crime, a law must have been broken and a crime must have been committed. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Hate Crime \u2013 it\u2019s not just offensive, it\u2019s an offence - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hate-crime-its-not-just-offensive-its-an-offence/
title: "Hate Crime \u2013 it\u2019s not just offensive, it\u2019s an offence"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/hate-crime-its-not-just-offensive-its-an-offence/
```

Last modified: 21 January 2020 at 12:49pm

Hate crime is a crime which is committed against a person because of their race, religion, sexual orientation, transgender or disability.

Hate crime can happen anywhere. It can happen at home, when you are on public transport, at work, when you are out socially or even online.

It may sound obvious, but for a report of hate to be recorded as a crime, a law must have been broken and a crime must have been committed. If this is the case, and we have enough evidence to satisfy the Crown Prosecution Service, we will always look to support a prosecution.

When a hate crime has taken place and police can prove that it has been motivated by hate, at conviction, the courts can take extra action and apply an uplift to the perpetrators sentence.

Here is a recent sentence uplift in North Yorkshire;

The defendant received a 12-month Community Order and 200 hours unpaid work, uplifted from 125 hours, after she pleaded guilty to putting a person in fear of religiously aggravated violence by harassment. She was also ordered to pay £500 compensation and the court issued a 12-month Restraining Order.

The defendant approached the victim in a city centre and shouted abusive slurs about the victim’s religious beliefs before following the victim causing her to fear walking home in case the defendant followed her. The defendant was also sentenced for two racially aggravated offences against the same victim that had occurred on a separate occasion.

**How to report hate crime**

You should always report **all** incidents of hate to the police.

For example if someone has shouted a name at you, or made an offensive gesture towards you or committed a more serious crime towards you, such as damaging your property or physically assaulting you and **you** believe that it is because of your race, religion, gender, sexual orientation or disability, you should tell the police.

**If it’s an emergency and you are in immediate danger, always dial 999.**

Otherwise, please contact North Yorkshire Police on **101** and make a report.

Please be reassured that we take all reports of hate very seriously and we would always recommend that you speak to the police in the first instance.

However, we recognise that not everyone feels comfortable contacting the police, so there are other places where you can report to and get help, advice and support from.

Below is a list of just a few charities and organisations who can help you;

**Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire** – supportingvictims.org

**True Vision** – report-it.org.uk

**Tell MAMA** – tellmamauk.org

**CST** – cst.org.uk

**Galop** – galop.org.uk

**The most important thing is to tell someone and get some help. Hate is not something that you have to live with. Please report it so we can make it stop.**

Posted on 21 January 2020 at 12:49pm in News stories
