```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-08-29T13:25:19+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Six individuals, including four police officers and two members of the public, have been awarded resuscitation certificates from the Royal Humane Society (RHS) after their actions saved the life of Mr Bill Renton when he collapsed in Scarborough. Mr Renton was shopping with his wife in the Brunswick Centre in Scarborough on 15 June last [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/L-R-Ben-Lacey-Josh-Waterman-PC-Danielle-Vidler-Bill-Renton-PC-Kirsty-Forth-PCSO-Barry-Dolan-PS-William-Knapp-2-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Awards for action which saved life of Leeds man - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-for-action-which-saved-life-of-leeds-man/
title: Awards for action which saved life of Leeds man
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/awards-for-action-which-saved-life-of-leeds-man/
```

Last modified: 29 August 2019 at 02:25pm

Six individuals recognised for life-saving action in Scarborough

Six individuals, including four police officers and two members of the public, have been awarded resuscitation certificates from the Royal Humane Society (RHS) after their actions saved the life of Mr Bill Renton when he collapsed in Scarborough.

Mr Renton was shopping with his wife in the Brunswick Centre in Scarborough on 15 June last year when he collapsed, fell unconscious and stopped breathing. Ben Lacey, who works at the Brunswick Centre, quickly rushed to Mr Renton’s aid, putting him in the recovery position and shouting for help.

North Yorkshire Police Community Support Officer, Barry Dolan, was on foot patrol in the town centre at the time and immediately assisted, commencing CPR and requesting a defibrillator. Another member of Brunswick Centre staff, Josh Waterman, located the nearest defibrillator – bringing it to Mr Renton’s aid and administering the shock.

Police officers William Knapp, Danielle Vidler and Kirsty Forth also attended to assist and the group continued resuscitation under the guidance of Josh Waterman. As a result of their efforts, Mr Renton thankfully regained consciousness and was then transported by ambulance to Scarborough Hospital.

Once at the hospital, Mr Renton underwent heart surgery and has since made a full recovery. Hospital staff informed the six involved in resuscitating Mr Renton that without their swift action, it is very likely he would not have survived.

Yesterday, the six individuals met with Mr Renton and were presented with their awards by North Yorkshire Police Chief Constable, Lisa Winward. She said: “We are so proud of the actions taken by our officers and members of the public which resulted in Mr Renton’s life being saved and would like to praise everyone involved.

“Once again, this shows how important defibrillators are and I would encourage everyone to find out where your nearest defibrillator is located as you never know when this information might save someone’s life.”

Mr Renton expressed his gratitude to those who saved his life:

“They did the most brilliant job and I am so very grateful to these six people without whom I would not be standing here today.”

Posted on 29 August 2019 at 02:25pm in Good News
