```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-25T11:03:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-25T10:57:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; Saturdays Saturdays, especially over the summer months, are one of the busiest times of the week for our team in the centre of York. To combat the increase in demand, we launched Op Erase to target anti-social behaviour during Saturday daytime and Op Safari, which runs on a Saturday night, to target the anti-social [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/04/Andy-Godfrey-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Inspector Andy Godfrey: quarterly update on local policing in York City Centre - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-andy-godfrey-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-york-city-centre/
title: 'Inspector Andy Godfrey: quarterly update on local policing in York City Centre'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/inspector-andy-godfrey-quarterly-update-on-local-policing-in-york-city-centre/
```

Last modified: 25 April 2019 at 12:03pm

Andy is the Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for York City Centre and has served with North Yorkshire Police for over 17 years. As the days are getting longer and the nights are getting lighter, here he provides an update on local policing activities in the area.

**Saturdays**

Saturdays, especially over the summer months, are one of the busiest times of the week for our team in the centre of York. To combat the increase in demand, we launched Op Erase to target anti-social behaviour during Saturday daytime and Op Safari, which runs on a Saturday night, to target the anti-social behaviour and crime that arises out of the consumption of intoxicants. We work closely with the York BID, Street Angels York, Make it York, the ambulance service, York Rescue Boat, City of York Council, British Transport Police as well as many others to tackle the incidents and would like to extend our thanks for their continued support.

**Protecting Vulnerable People**

Protecting vulnerable people continues to be one of the key priorities for us in York city centre, especially young people who are at risk of being exploited. Over the last year members of the team have received additional training to ensure that they can pro-actively tackle issues and support victims and families. The local team work closely with other support groups to try and make sure that people in need are referred to the correct service. The Community Safety Hub work as part of a multi-agency team at the York council offices. They assess Anti-Social Behaviour jobs and make sure that any vulnerability is addressed and support given. They also use the vast powers available to deal with ASB under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. We have had several good examples of orders being granted which has led to a reduction in offences.

**Anti-social behaviour**

Anti-social behaviour is a common issue in York and our team continues to work hard to control it in partnership with City of York Council. At the centre of this work is the multi-agency Community Safety Hub which is designed to tackle the issue from all angles. We have regular operations to target anti-social behaviour in the city centre by using drug dogs, working with licensing officers and patrolling common hotspots of anti-social behaviour. We’re pleased that we have seen reductions in overall anti-social behaviour in the last year however we want to reduce this further over the coming weeks and months and will continue to use all available powers to ensure York is a safe and pleasant place for everyone.

**Bicycle Crime**

As you will probably be aware, bicycles are a very popular mode of transport in the centre of York and, due to the sheer numbers, attract a lot of criminals in the area looking for easy opportunities to steal them. Our team of officers, PCSOs and Special Constables have been busy patrolling the areas where bikes are stored in the city and offering crime prevention advice on bicycle security including property marking. We also hold meetings with other agencies and voluntary groups to take a partnership approach when tackling bicycle crime. Working together with partners including York Bid and using social media to identify owners has recently allowed us to make many arrests and recover stolen bikes. It is great to reunite the owners with their cycles as they are often their only mode of transport and a relied upon heavily.

**Looking forward**

Over the next couple of months we will be holding many pop-up surgeries in areas identified as hot spot locations, please see the website or follow us on social media for further information.

Earlier this month we also took part in a community engagement event on Coney Street alongside colleagues from Ambulance service and York Rescue Boat. It was a fantastic event and a great opportunity for us to meet with, and speak to, members of the public and answer questions. Lots of the kids who attended also got the chance to sit in the police cell, ambulance and river boat and we’re hoping to do something similar with partners later in the year.

Lastly, if you see my team in the city centre please introduce yourself and say hello!

**Get in touch**

If you would like to speak to an officer, please visit or contact us at Fulford Road Police Station:

 * Address: Fulford Road, York, YO10 4BY | Telephone: 101, Option 2, 13271 (Always dial 999 if you are in danger or in an emergency) | Opening hours: Monday - Sunday — 8am - 8pm | Email: SNAYorkCity@NorthYorkshire.pnn.police.uk

**Keep up-to-date**

You can keep up-to-date with everything that’s happening at North Yorkshire Police by following us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visiting our website.

To find out about our local initiatives in York City Centre you can visit the York Inner section on our website or follow facebook.com/yorkcitypolice or twitter.com/NPTYork City

Posted on 25 April 2019 at 11:57am in News stories
