```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-05T12:56:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-05T12:28:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Thanks to the public\u2019s vigilance, and a swift response by local police officers, one bike thief has been jailed, and another suspect has been charged to court. Officers from the city\u2019s Neighbourhood Policing Team are urging cyclists to take extra steps to keep their bikes secure \u2013 and come to a free property marking event [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/45156398_2264568213819156_5663539559510573056_o.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York cycle thief jailed after public vigilance and rapid police response - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cycle-thief-jailed-after-public-vigilance-and-rapid-police-response/
title: York cycle thief jailed after public vigilance and rapid police response
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-cycle-thief-jailed-after-public-vigilance-and-rapid-police-response/
```

Last modified: 5 November 2018 at 12:56pm

Police in York are putting the brakes on cycle crime, with a bike thief behind bars within 24 hours of his arrest.

Thanks to the public’s vigilance, and a swift response by local police officers, one bike thief has been jailed, and another suspect has been charged to court.

Officers from the city’s Neighbourhood Policing Team are urging cyclists to take extra steps to keep their bikes secure – and come to a free property marking event they’re hosting next month.

Just after 2pm on Thursday 1 November 2018, a man was spotted using a set of bolt croppers to remove the lock on a cycle in a rack in York city centre. A member of the public challenged him, and called North Yorkshire Police.

The man rode off, but was quickly picked up by City of York Council’s CCTV cameras, and his location immediately passed to police officers on patrol in the area.

He didn’t get far, and at about 2.15pm he was detained on Piccadilly by a police officer, and arrested.

The man, Craig Andrew Richardson, aged 25 and of no fixed address, was taken into custody, and charged the following day with the theft of a pedal cycle, and going equipped for theft.

He was brought before York Magistrates Court the same day, where he pleaded guilty and was jailed for six weeks. He must also pay a £115 victim surcharge, and his bolt croppers have been confiscated.

Magistrates said the offending was so serious because the offences were committed whilst Richardson was subject to two conditional discharges, he has a previous history of non-compliance with community orders, and his offending was aggravated by previous convictions.

The bike, a Calibre Saw 6061, worth more than £300, has been returned to its grateful owner in York – with a little help from Facebook users. Police posted a picture of the bike on the North Yorkshire Police Facebook page, and a user replied with useful information to identify the shop from which it had originally been bought. Officers were then able to contact the owner by checking the frame number against the vendors’ records – highlighting the importance of security marking and registering your cycle.

In a separate incident on Wednesday 31 October 2018, a member of the public spotted a man removing a seat from a bike in York city centre at about 3pm. A suspect was arrested an hour later, and the bike seat recovered. A 49-year-old man has been charged with theft, and will appear in court in December.

York residents have the opportunity to get their valuable property, including bikes, security marked in time for Christmas. The city centre’s Neighbourhood Policing Team will be in St Helens Square, York, on Saturday 15 December from 1pm to 5pm. Officers will be on hand to mark and register property, sign residents up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging, and offering festive crime prevention advice.

Cyclists are urged to follow crime prevention advice to keep their bikes secure, and to sign up to North Yorkshire Police’s ‘Cycle Passport’ scheme.

Posted on 5 November 2018 at 12:28pm in News stories
