```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:18:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-06T11:21:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on the A19 Southbound Carriageway between South Kilvington and Thirsk at 10.10am \_on Saturday 4 February 2017 and involved a white and grey curtainsided MAN Heavy Goods Vehicle, a red Nissan Note and a Vauxhall Antara. The MAN collided with the rear of the Nissan causing it to overturn. The MAN then collided [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following serious road traffic collision on A19 near Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-road-traffic-collision-a19-near-thirsk/
title: Appeal following serious road traffic collision on A19 near Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-serious-road-traffic-collision-a19-near-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:18am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious road traffic collision that occurred on the A19 Southbound Near Thirsk

It happened on the A19 Southbound Carriageway between South Kilvington and Thirsk at 10.10am on Saturday 4 February 2017 and involved a white and grey curtainsided MAN Heavy Goods Vehicle, a red Nissan Note and a Vauxhall Antara. The MAN collided with the rear of the Nissan causing it to overturn. The MAN then collided with the Vauxhall.

The driver of the Nissan Note, a 79-year-old man from the County Durham area, sustained serious injuries. He was extracted from the car by Fire and Rescue before being flown to James Cook Hospital via Air Ambulance where he remain is a serious but stable condition. No-one else was injured in the collision.

The driver of the MAN, a 46-year old man from Romania, was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He was escorted to Harrogate Police custody where he was interviewed and bailed. The road was closed for six hours whilst collision investigators examined the scene and the vehicles were recovered.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the driving of the MAN and the red Nissan Note prior to the collision. We are also interested in hearing from anyone who was in any vehicle whilst stationary or travelling very slowly in the carriageway prior to the collision occurring.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Senior Investigating Officer TC1524 Graham WALLER. You can also email graham.waller@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170019858

Date 05/02/2017

Contact details:
 Graham Waller \- #1524
graham.waller@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31524
Incident reference:
 12170019858
Posted on 6 February 2017 at 11:21am in Local appeals
