```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-05-28T17:31:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The plea follows an increase in antisocial behaviour in the area now that some coronavirus restrictions have been eased. Some recent incidents include the arrest of a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of criminal damage and assaulting a police officer after a youth was seen jumping on top of a police vehicle who then became abusive [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough police urge parents to take responsibility ahead of another sunny weekend - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-urge-parents-to-take-responsibility-ahead-of-another-sunny-weekend/
title: Scarborough police urge parents to take responsibility ahead of another sunny weekend
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-police-urge-parents-to-take-responsibility-ahead-of-another-sunny-weekend/
```

Last modified: 28 May 2020 at 06:31pm

With more good weather on the way this weekend, police in the Scarborough area are urging parents to make sure they know where their children are and what they are doing.

The plea follows an increase in antisocial behaviour in the area now that some coronavirus restrictions have been eased.

Some recent incidents include the arrest of a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of criminal damage and assaulting a police officer after a youth was seen jumping on top of a police vehicle who then became abusive on arrest. A large group of youths were also seen in the area drinking prior to the incident.

In another incident, all emergency services and the coastguard were involved in rescuing a young man who became stuck after climbing up the castle cliff after drinking with a group of friends.

The force also received reports through a partner agency of inexcusable behaviour by visitors to Goathland over the bank holiday weekend where large groups of people had gathered and left behind a trail of litter and dirt. Officers are working with partner agencies to prevent further acts of antisocial behaviour from visitors to the area.

Chief Inspector Rachel Wood of Scarborough and Ryedale Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "We know young people are finding the current situation and restrictions difficult and want to be out with their friends. However, we urge parents to ensure they set boundaries for their teens and ensure they don’t make life a misery for local people. Although our powers under the coronavirus regulations may be limited, our normal policing powers are not. And you must understand that if you break the law, you can expect to face the law.
“We are not yet out of the woods in terms of the spread of virus. People can still catch it, including your children, parents, grandparents, brothers and sisters. Please respect our local communities and the sacrifices many have made over the past two months to ensure we have more freedom now. Keep in mind the purpose of the regulations and the national effort to stop the spread of the virus and save lives.”

Posted on 28 May 2020 at 06:31pm in News stories
