```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-09-24T08:46:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Around 5.30pm yesterday evening (Wednesday 23 September), a HGV loaded with bulk containers of chemical products was travelling south along the A19 from the Mandale area of Cleveland. A number of motorists in the Cleveland area reported a white substance on the road, accompanied by a foul chemical smell, to Cleveland Police who responded to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: A19 Incident - Wednesday 23 September 2020 - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a19-incident-wednesday-23-september-2020/
title: A19 Incident - Wednesday 23 September 2020
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a19-incident-wednesday-23-september-2020/
```

Last modified: 24 September 2020 at 09:46am

Around 5.30pm yesterday evening (Wednesday 23 September), a HGV loaded with bulk containers of chemical products was travelling south along the A19 from the Mandale area of Cleveland.

A number of motorists in the Cleveland area reported a white substance on the road, accompanied by a foul chemical smell, to Cleveland Police who responded to the spill, closing the A19 in the Mandale area.

The HGV was quickly identified and left the A19 at Exelby Services in order for the spill to be investigated and contained. North Yorkshire Police attended with Fire and Rescue and the ambulance, closing the A19 in both directions and the services, whilst the spill was assessed and dealt with by specialist contractors.

The southbound carriageway was reopened just after 9.30pm whilst the northbound carriageway remained closed due to pre-planned roadworks.

The road and services were cleaned and the vehicle recovered, before being fully reopened around 3am this morning (24 September 2020).

No one involved in the incident sustained injuries and the matter has been referred to the Health and Safety Executive and the Environment Agency for further investigation. Please be reassured there is no risk to the general public from this spillage.

North Yorkshire Police would like to thank motorists for their cooperation whilst the incident was dealt with.

Posted on 24 September 2020 at 09:46am in News stories
