```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-17T10:30:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-17T10:19:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The victim was dropped off at Milton Street, York, at about midnight. She remembers walking along Rawdon Avenue just before 3am. At this stage she is unable to remember how she has reached this location. A resident of Rawdon Avenue called a taxi on her behalf to take her back to her home address. Despite [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Woman sexually assaulted in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-sexually-assaulted-in-york/
title: Woman sexually assaulted in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/woman-sexually-assaulted-in-york/
```

Last modified: 17 September 2019 at 11:30am

Detectives are appealing for information from the public after a woman in her 20s was sexually assaulted in the Hull Road area of York.

The victim was dropped off at Milton Street, York, at about midnight. She remembers walking along Rawdon Avenue just before 3am. At this stage she is unable to remember how she has reached this location.

A resident of Rawdon Avenue called a taxi on her behalf to take her back to her home address.

Despite extensive enquiries following the incident, which happened on in the Hull Road area between midnight and 3am on Saturday 31 August, detectives are still working to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident.

They have now released a description of the victim in the hope it may jog someone's memory and generate new information.

She is described as in her 20s, slim and with dark hair. She was wearing dark leggings and a jumper. When she left home she was also wearing a pair of dark green Adidas trainers, which are now missing.

If you saw a woman matching the description, or have found a pair of trainers like the ones described, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC 1759 David Allen. You can also email david.allen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190161201.

Contact details:
 David Allen \- #1759
david.allen@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31759 - 07710977976
Incident reference:
 12190161201
Posted on 17 September 2019 at 11:19am in Local appeals
