```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:16:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-26T12:53:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a man died in a collision near Northallerton on Thursday 26 May 2016.
  image: http://82.153.216.201/nypd/images/share.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following fatal collision near Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-near-northallerton/
title: Appeal following fatal collision near Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-near-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:16am

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man died in a collision near Northallerton on Thursday 26 May 2016.

It happened at around 8am on the A167 - between Northallerton and South Otterington - just outside Northallerton. A green Toyota travelling towards Northallerton was in collision with a black Nissan Juke and a silver Vauxhall Vectra travelling in the opposite direction towards South Otterington.

Sadly, the driver of the Toyota, a man in his 40s from Ripon, died at the scene.

The drivers of the other two vehicles involved were taken to hospital with suspected chest injuries, but they are not believed to be life-threatening.

Police are appealing to anyone who saw any of the vehicles prior to the crash or who witnessed the actual collision, to contact them.

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team, or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The road was closed to allow emergency services to attend to the casualties and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene. It reopened at around 1pm.

The air ambulance were called to the scene, however it did not transport any casualties.

26 May 2016

### Share this page

Posted on 26 May 2016 at 12:53pm in News stories
