```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-19T15:47:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Mohamed Abdi, 26, of Tower Street, Leicester, Adirahman Shire, 22, of Oak Street, Leicester, and Julian Soares, 23, of Brixton, London, were found guilty of wounding by intent to cause grievous bodily harm and conspiracy to supply cocaine\_ on 16 October 2018, following a two-week trial at Leeds Crown Court. Abdi pleaded guilty the conspiracy [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/10/Mohamed-Abdi-12101992-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 58 years&#039; jail for three &quot;county lines&quot; drug dealers who stabbed man in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/58-years-jail-for-three-county-lines-drug-dealers-who-stabbed-man-in-harrogate/
title: 58 years' jail for three "county lines" drug dealers who stabbed man in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/58-years-jail-for-three-county-lines-drug-dealers-who-stabbed-man-in-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 19 October 2018 at 04:47pm

Three “county lines” drug dealers who travelled to Harrogate to sell drugs have been jailed for a combined total of more than 58 years after stabbing a man in Harrogate.

Mohamed Abdi, 26, of Tower Street, Leicester, Adirahman Shire, 22, of Oak Street, Leicester, and Julian Soares, 23, of Brixton, London, were found guilty of wounding by intent to cause grievous bodily harm and conspiracy to supply cocaine on 16 October 2018, following a two-week trial at Leeds Crown Court. Abdi pleaded guilty the conspiracy to supply cocaine charge midway through the trial.

Mohamed Abdi Julian Soares Adirahman Shire

Soares was also found guilty of administering a noxious substance and conspiracy to supply heroin.

Soares received sentences totalling 29 years including two concurrent sentences of eight years for conspiracies to supply cocaine and heroin, 12 years for wounding and one year for administering a noxious substance, meaning he will serve 20 years in prison. Shire was jailed for 15 years and Abdi for 14 years and nine months.

The charge of wounding with intent relates to an attack at a property on Skipton Road when a 38-year-old man from Leeds was stabbed.

The charge of administering a noxious substance relates to an attack on Kings Road when a 37-year-old man from Harrogate had a corrosive liquid thrown in his face.

At around 11.20pm on 20 October 2017, North Yorkshire Police were called to Bilton Working Men’s Club where a man sought refuge after the liquid was sprayed in his face when he was approached by Soares on Kings Road, in the mistaken belief that he was a rival drug dealer.

On arrival at the scene, officers also found a man nearby with stab wounds who was later identified as one of the defendants in the case, Mohamed Abdi, who had suffered a punctured lung during the incident at Skipton Road. He was taken to Leeds General Hospital for treatment to his injuries and told police he couldn’t remember what had happened.

Around ten minutes later, police received another call, this time from nearby Unity Grove, reporting that two men were injured in an alleyway, one of them seriously, and was asking for help.

On arrival, officers found the 38-year-old man from Leeds who had sustained 12 stab wounds to his body resulting in a collapsed lung and a serious laceration to his ankle that required extensive surgery. A second victim, who has subsequently been jailed for five years for drug dealing, Audley Anthony St Patrick Mascoll, 54, from Leeds, was also stabbed during the incident, however the three defendants were found not guilty of wounding Mr Mascoll.

The court heard how the injured man was attacked by Adbi, Shire and Soares at a property on Skipton Road after the three defendants had established themselves as dealers in Harrogate in the weeks prior to the incident, “cuckooing” at various addresses. Believing him to be a rival dealer on their “turf” they attacked him.

Detective Inspector Ian Pope of Harrogate Investigation Hub, said: “We’re extremely pleased with today’s sentence which reflects the gravity of their offending. I hope the fact that three violent drug dealers are now behind bars provides reassurance for members of the public.

“This case had all the hallmarks of the violent tactics used by those involved in county lines which remains a priority for North Yorkshire Police. We won’t stop here and can assure local people that more prosecutions will follow.

“County lines drug dealing is a form of organised crime that has the exploitation of vulnerable people and serious violence at its centre. It ruins lives and communities and we won’t tolerate it in North Yorkshire.

“Our priority is to safeguard anyone who has been groomed or threatened into working for these people, either to sell drugs or forced to give up their home to drug dealers.

“We’ll continue to pursue those who travel to the area and exploit local people and provide support for those who have been victimised.

“We have staff permanently dedicated to investigating county lines and urge anyone who has any information about suspected drug dealing or has concerns for a young person in their neighbourhood, to let us know.

“Drug dealing is often hidden and reporting your suspicions will help build up our intelligence picture and inform our enforcement activity.”

Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999.

DO NOT approach anyone you suspect as being involved in drug dealing, but call the police.

**Spot the signs of ‘cuckooing’**

 * Increased callers at a property
 * Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
 * Different accents at a property
 * Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
 * Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
 * Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
 * Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods

**Spot the signs of child criminal exploitation**

 * Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out of the area;
 * Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
 * Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
 * Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
 * Leaving home / care without explanation
 * Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
 * Carrying weapons
 * Significant decline in school results / performance
 * Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
 * Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being

Posted on 19 October 2018 at 04:47pm in News stories
