```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-28T11:23:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-28T11:22:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "IAGs are made up of independent community members from a wide range of diverse backgrounds that best represent North Yorkshire\u2019s communities.\_ They meet regularly and act as a critical friend to North Yorkshire Police. They are consulted on a number of policing areas including hate crime and issues affecting people with protected characteristics such as [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/09/Sophie-Hall-IAG-chair-Scarborough-and-Ryedale-225x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New chairperson for Scarborough and Ryedale Independent Advisory Group - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-chairperson-for-scarborough-and-ryedale-independent-advisory-group/
title: New chairperson for Scarborough and Ryedale Independent Advisory Group
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-chairperson-for-scarborough-and-ryedale-independent-advisory-group/
```

Last modified: 28 September 2020 at 12:23pm

North Yorkshire Police has recently appointed Sophie Hall as the new chairperson to lead and run the Scarborough and Ryedale Independent Advisory Group (IAG).

Sophie Hall, Chair of Scarborough and Ryedale IAG

IAGs are made up of independent community members from a wide range of diverse backgrounds that best represent North Yorkshire’s communities. They meet regularly and act as a critical friend to North Yorkshire Police. They are consulted on a number of policing areas including hate crime and issues affecting people with protected characteristics such as race, religion, disability and sexual orientation.

Sophie previously sat on the IAG as a member and has a wealth of experience within the local community working across all sectors with a wide range of diverse groups and people. She said: “I'm really looking forward to chairing the IAG and working closely with North Yorkshire Police and people from the communities of Scarborough and Ryedale.

“From my work with Mind, I'm aware how much more contact here is between people in mental health crisis and the police and hope we can better support people on both sides to be safe and well. I'm so privileged to work and volunteer with people from all walks of life and I'm always learning about the challenges faced from people with a protected characteristic in living a full and open life whilst feeling safe and accepted within their local community.”

Following Sophie’s appointment, Superintendent Andrea Kell, policing commander for the Scarborough and Ryedale District, added: “I am really pleased that Sophie has agreed to take up this role.

“Sophie has been a member of the Scarborough IAG for a number of years and has positively contributed to this group using her knowledge and experience providing positive feedback to North Yorkshire Police and influencing the policing of Scarborough and Ryedale.

“Her experience will stand her in good stead and we are very much looking forward to working with her”

North Yorkshire Police currently has three Independent Advisory Groups that cover the whole of the force area.

The force is keen to hear from individuals or groups from the community wishing to join an IAG or find out more about them.

If you would like to know more or join a group, please contact PC Stuart Henderson, North Yorkshire Police’s Hate Crime and Independent Advisory Group Coordinator by email Stuart.Henderson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Posted on 28 September 2020 at 12:22pm in News stories
