```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-06T08:45:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-06T08:41:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Cash in the region of \xA32,000 which had been saved up for the couples wedding was stolen alongside jewellery and designer clothing, some of which is not sold in the UK. \_The stolen items include a distinctive royal blue North Face jacket which includes a purple hood and cuff sleeves (pictured), a ladies Canada Goose [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Scarborough-burglary-North-Face-jacket-182x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough couple heartbroken after burglars steal wedding money - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-couple-heartbroken-after-burglars-steal-wedding-money/
title: Scarborough couple heartbroken after burglars steal wedding money
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarborough-couple-heartbroken-after-burglars-steal-wedding-money/
```

Last modified: 6 June 2018 at 09:45am

A couple from Scarborough have been left heartbroken after money they had saved for their wedding was stolen during a burglary at their home address.

Cash in the region of £2,000 which had been saved up for the couples wedding was stolen alongside jewellery and designer clothing, some of which is not sold in the UK.

The stolen items include a distinctive royal blue North Face jacket which includes a purple hood and cuff sleeves (pictured), a ladies Canada Goose coat, a Tag Heur watch and a Michael Kors watch.

The property on Filey Road was broken into between 7.15am and 4pm on Friday, 1 June. However, enquiries have now led officers to believe the burglary was likely to have taken place between 1pm and 3pm.

Investigations have taken place in the local area and a number of enquiries are currently ongoing but officers are asking anyone who saw anything suspicious around the time of the offence or who has since seen any of the distinctive stolen items to contact them with information.

A member of the public has already come forward and provided information about a dark coloured hatchback car seen parked in a suspicious manner near the property on the day of the burglary. The car was described as having a large exhaust with tinted windows. If you believe you know the owner of this car, please contact police as a matter of urgency.

Officers are also keen to trace the owner of a drone or speak to anyone who saw a drone flying in the area on the day the offence occurred as they believe they may also have information vital to this investigation.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Vicki Millington, said: “Understandably, this incident has left the home owners heartbroken and extremely shaken.

“Burglary is a deeply upsetting offence as your home is the one place you should feel safe. When intruders enter your home the feeling of security is taken away from you and therefore we will do all we can to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

“I would urge anyone who has information, no matter how insignificant you may feel it is, to contact me so we can try and reunite this couple with their belongings.”

Information can be passed to North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting reference 12180096895.

If you wish to provide information anonymously this can be done through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 6 June 2018 at 09:41am in News stories
