```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:18:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-26T12:12:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'From 1 October 2017 until spring 2018, officers will be proactively advising cyclists on the steps they can take to ensure they remain safe as they cycle. Speaking about the campaign PCSO Nigel Warby from the Thirsk local policing team said: &#8220;As the clocks go back and the nights get darker, it&#8217;s easy for cyclists [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclists urged to light up in Thirsk, Easingwold and Bedale - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-urged-light-thirsk-easingwold-bedale/
title: Cyclists urged to light up in Thirsk, Easingwold and Bedale
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclists-urged-light-thirsk-easingwold-bedale/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:18am

As the nights start to draw in and winter months are approaching, Thirsk, Easingwold and Bedale police are getting prepared to run a ‘Be safe, Be seen’ campaign aimed at ensuring cyclists are visible on the roads.

From 1 October 2017 until spring 2018, officers will be proactively advising cyclists on the steps they can take to ensure they remain safe as they cycle.

Speaking about the campaign PCSO Nigel Warby from the Thirsk local policing team said:

"As the clocks go back and the nights get darker, it's easy for cyclists to forget that car drivers find it much harder to see you when you're out and about. That’s why it's vital for parents and children alike to start thinking now about safety and visibility.

"Although the number of pedestrians and cyclists killed or injured on our roads has fallen, every fatality or injury is one too many. Through this campaign, we are looking to build on the good work that has already been done increasing road safety awareness and make sure that cyclists are aware of everything they can do to be visible and stay safe when out on the roads.

"If we see cyclists who are travelling without the appropriate lighting or in dark clothes, we’ll be stopping them to advise on the appropriate measures they need to take to ensure they are seen; such as high-vis clothing or rusksack covers.

"I’d also ask other road users to be aware of cyclists on the road, especially at this time of year when the roads are wet and gutters may be blocked with debris, and ensure they leave at least 1.5m of space in order to safely overtake a cyclist.”

The Highway Code states that, at night, cyclists must have white front and red rear lights and that bikes must also be fitted with a red rear reflector and amber pedal reflectors. Having white front reflectors and spoke reflectors provide extra visibility, helping cyclists to be seen. While flashing lights are permitted, its recommended that a constantly-illuminated front light is used, particularly in areas without street lighting.

For more information about cycle safety visit the 95 Alive York and North Yorkshire Road Safety Partnership website http://www.roadwise.co.uk/cyclists/

Posted on 26 September 2017 at 01:12pm in News stories
