```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-10-05T15:49:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We all know how hard it was for our children to be out of school recently, being confined to home and missing their friends and teachers. But for some, it&#8217;s been a particularly difficult time, due to the impacts of domestic abuse. Very sadly for some of North Yorkshire\u2019s children, home is a violent and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/10/Op-Encompass-msource-pic-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police and schools work together to safeguard the hidden victims of domestic abuse - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-schools-work-together-to-safeguard-the-hidden-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
title: Police and schools work together to safeguard the hidden victims of domestic abuse
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-and-schools-work-together-to-safeguard-the-hidden-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
```

Last modified: 5 October 2020 at 04:49pm

With the beginning of another academic year behind us and children settled back into the school routine, it’s good to see a little bit of normality returning for thousands of children across North Yorkshire.

We all know how hard it was for our children to be out of school recently, being confined to home and missing their friends and teachers. But for some, it's been a particularly difficult time, due to the impacts of domestic abuse.

Very sadly for some of North Yorkshire’s children, home is a violent and turbulent place. School provides a stable and reliable environment, where they can receive not just an education, but vital emotional and mental support.

One of the ways schools can ensure they are able provide this essential pastoral support is by being fully aware of a child’s situation at home and that’s where good partnership working and information sharing comes in.

Back in 2017, North Yorkshire Police, working alongside both the City of York and the North Yorkshire Children’s Safeguarding Boards, adopted an initiative called Operation Encompass. Operation Encompass is a scheme that embeds an efficient, confidential channel of communication between police and primary and secondary schools.

When a police officer attends any report of domestic abuse and a child is present at the location, as a matter of standard police practice, the officer will speak to the child to ensure their physical safety and mental wellbeing. The child’s details are taken and information about the school they attend is also recorded.

If safeguarding steps need to be taken to ensure the safety of the victim and/or child, the officer will put those immediate plans in place and follow up with the relevant referrals to partner agencies, to provide more long term safeguarding solutions. One of the agencies who will be informed about the incident is the child’s school.

Schools across North Yorkshire and the City of York have dedicated ‘Operation Encompass’ Key Adults, who will be made aware of the police having attended the child’s home in response to a domestic incident. By making that Key Adult aware, they can ensure sympathetic and supportive care is in place by the time the child arrives at school. Practical steps can also be taken, such as providing a school lunch or items of PE kit, if the child arrives without the relevant provision.

Even though children have not been in school for a large part of 2020, Operation Encompass has continued to share this information with teachers, to ensure that vital care and support could be provided during the lockdown period and was also in place as children return to their school setting.

Since adopting Operation Encompass, just under 9,500 referrals have been made by North Yorkshire Police to schools, with 15% of those referrals having been made over the lockdown period.

Speaking about the importance of the scheme and the benefits of partnership working and information sharing, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, Lead for Safeguarding at North Yorkshire Police said:

“The impact of domestic abuse is wide reaching and goes far further than those who may be directly involved in the incident. Children who hear or witness violence are very often the hidden victims of domestic abuse. By confidentially sharing information about our attendance at an incident, their school can offer essential emotional support to help them cope with the situation at home. By having this information at hand, school can ensure they are in a better position to safeguard the child from the long-term effects of living in a violent and unpredictable situation.”

Speaking about Operation Encompass, Stuart Carlton, director of North Yorkshire County Council’s Children and Young People’s Service said: “This is an essential way for agencies to share information and provide vital support to children and their families. It allows schools to have an understanding of what may be impacting on children’s development, behaviour and wellbeing and ensures that their welfare is promoted and those impacted by domestic abuse are receiving the appropriate support.”

To find out more about Operation Encompass visit www.operationencompass.org

Posted on 5 October 2020 at 04:49pm in News stories
