```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-07-05T16:00:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers received one report of suspicious behaviour by a man in his 50s who was in the play area of Haxby Road Park at 5.30pm yesterday (Monday 4 July 2016). Police are working to establish the full circumstances and are appealing for the public\u2019s help. They would like to speak to anyone who was in [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Information sought after girl, 9, is approached by man in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-girl-9-approached-man-york/
title: Information sought after girl, 9, is approached by man in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/information-sought-girl-9-approached-man-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police are investigating after a nine-year-old girl was approached by a man in a York park.

Officers received one report of suspicious behaviour by a man in his 50s who was in the play area of Haxby Road Park at 5.30pm yesterday (Monday 4 July 2016).

Police are working to establish the full circumstances and are appealing for the public’s help.

They would like to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time, saw anything relating to the incident or know who the man was.

If the man sees or hears this appeal himself, he is urge him to come forward to the police as soon as possible to explain the situation.

The man is described as of Asian descent, around 5ft 8ins to 6ft tall and of medium build. His face is described as square with pockmarked cheeks.

He was wearing a green and white t-shirt – similar to a football shirt – shiny grey trousers and black formal shoes.

Detective Sergeant Matt Wilkinson said: “We are supporting the girl and her family while the investigation is ongoing. We’re working to confirm exactly what happened during this incident and trace people who may be able to help with our enquiries.

“If you saw anything, no matter how trivial it may seem, I’d urge you to call us and share that information.

“There could be an entirely innocent misunderstanding behind this incident, but we need to be certain. We are doing all we can to get to the bottom of it and put minds at rest.

"In the meantime, extra police patrols have been put in place to provide a visible and reassuring presence in the local community while our enquiries continue.”

Anyone with information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for the Serious Crime Team York or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. Please quote reference number 12160118071.

Posted on 5 July 2016 at 04:00pm in News stories
