```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-12-12T13:32:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-12T13:01:16+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Police are appealing for information or witnesses after three incidents occurred at commercial premises in Selby town centre. The incidents are as follows: The back door of Thomas the Baker on Gowthorpe was forced open and cash stolen from a number of charity tins between the hours of 5.15pm on Saturday 7th December and 8.30am [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after three burglaries in Selby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-three-burglaries-in-selby/
title: Appeal for information after three burglaries in Selby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-three-burglaries-in-selby/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2019 at 01:32pm

Police are appealing for information or witnesses after three incidents occurred at commercial premises in Selby town centre. The incidents are as follows:

The back door of Thomas the Baker on Gowthorpe was forced open and cash stolen from a number of charity tins between the hours of 5.15pm on Saturday 7th December and 8.30am on Sunday 8th December.

The door to a storage shed at the side of the Age UK shop on Finkle Street was also forced open but nothing was stolen. It is thought this occurred between 5pm on Saturday 7th December and 11.15am on Sunday 8th December.

Extreme Hair Salon, next door to Age UK on Finkle Street, was also targeted with thieves forcing entry and stealing cash from staff tips to a value of around £70. It is thought this occurred between 3.30pm on Saturday 7th December and 11.15am on Sunday 8th December.

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for anyone who might have been in the area at the time and seen anything suspicious or who may have information which could help with the investigation.

If you would like to pass on information please call the police on 101 or email: james.liversidge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the relevant reference number/s as follows:

Thomas the Baker burglary: 12190224724

Age UK break in: 12190224774

Extreme Hair Salon burglary: 12190224784

North Yorkshire Police are investigating whether these incidents are connected.

Contact details:
 James Liversidge \- #1373
james.liversidge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12190224724
Posted on 12 December 2019 at 01:01pm in Local appeals
