```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-09T14:29:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire service can provide emotional and practical support to anyone affected by crime. This includes the victim themselves, relatives, partners, parents, guardians or witnesses to crime \u2013 anyone who has been affected and needs help and support. The team, located in York, offers a service to all victims of crime [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/SV-logo-2018.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Victim of crime? Help is just a phone call away - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/victim-of-crime-help-is-just-a-phone-call-away/
title: Victim of crime? Help is just a phone call away
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/victim-of-crime-help-is-just-a-phone-call-away/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 03:29pm

If you became the victim of crime and felt that you needed support and advice – would you know where to turn?

The Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire service can provide emotional and practical support to anyone affected by crime. This includes the victim themselves, relatives, partners, parents, guardians or witnesses to crime – anyone who has been affected and needs help and support.

The team, located in York, offers a service to all victims of crime resident in North Yorkshire and is telephone based. By asking a few questions over the phone, the team will assess the needs of the victim, to determine which services are required to help them cope and recover from the impact of crime.

The majority of victims of crime are referred automatically into Supporting Victims from North Yorkshire Police and officers who have dealt with the crime and recognise that the victim or family involved may need some help.

However, the service is keen to stress that victims can contact the service directly themselves and that the crime that they have been affected by does not have to have been reported to the police, or have had any police involvement.

Speaking about the services offered, Supporting Victims team leader Claire Gallier said:

“Supporting Victims in North Yorkshire is here for those affected by crime – whether directly or indirectly. You may have been affected by a house burglary or a major national incident – no matter what the crime, the team is here to help”.

“Victims and witnesses of crime can pick up the phone and contact us **Monday to Friday from 8am to 7pm by dialling 01609 643100**.”

“Your call will be answered by a skilled Victim Care Coordinator, who will listen to you and your needs and offer immediate practical and emotional advice, and/or identify the most appropriate service available to you for ongoing support.”

“This could involve organising support from a Specialist Victim Adviser, who can provide long term emotional or practical support and work with you to develop a personalised plan of support, specific to your needs and circumstances.”

“The Specialist Victims Advisers are trained in areas such as sexual and domestic crime, anti-social behaviour and violence and can provide ongoing face-to-face support. They can help you understand what has happened to you, support you through the criminal justice process where appropriate and help you get your life back on track.”

“The most important thing is that help is available. We are here and we want to help you move forward .”

For more information on the support services the teams can offer visit www.supportingvictims.org

Posted on 9 May 2018 at 03:29pm in News stories
