```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:26:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-25T15:03:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; It happened between White Rose Avenue and New Earswick Sports Club on Sunday 13 May 2018 at about 10.45pm when a dog, that was not on a lead, attacked a cat before attacking the cat&#8217;s owner. Sadly, the eight year-old cat named Walnut (pictured), died as a result of the incident. The cat&#8217;s owner, [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/EC76B3DF-3D4E-41EC-A095-CEB7EECA3B10.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information after cat killed by dog in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-cat-killed-by-dog-in-york/
title: Appeal for information after cat killed by dog in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-cat-killed-by-dog-in-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:26am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a dog attack that occurred in New Earswick, York.

It happened between White Rose Avenue and New Earswick Sports Club on Sunday 13 May 2018 at about 10.45pm when a dog, that was not on a lead, attacked a cat before attacking the cat's owner.

Sadly, the eight year-old cat named Walnut (pictured), died as a result of the incident. The cat's owner, a 19 year-old man from York, sustained injuries to both of his hands in the desperate attempt to release his cat from the dog's mouth. He had to attend York District Hospital where he was treated for his injuries and later discharged.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for any information that could help us to identify the dog's owner who is described as a White man, around 5 ft 8ins - 6ft tall, average build, aged in his early-mid 30s with short brown hair. He was wearing a dark green or black parka-style coat and black jogging bottoms. The dog he was with is described as being a medium-large size dog, short-haired, multiple shades of brown/brindle in appearance, stocky build, wearing a plain collar.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ffion Twomlow. You can also email ffion.twomlow001941@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180083903.

Contact details:
 Ffion Twomlow \- #1941
ffion.twomlow001941@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 x 1941
Incident reference:
 12180083903
Posted on 25 May 2018 at 04:03pm in Local appeals
