```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-24T16:17:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At around 8.45am on Wednesday 24 January 2018, a 16-year-old girl was walking to school when a man approached the girl and told her to \u201Cwalk\u201D.\_ \_ The girl managed to get away from the man. A short time later, as she headed towards her school to report the incident, she was approached by a [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after man approached girl in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-approached-girl-york/
title: Appeal after man approached girl in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-man-approached-girl-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Police in York are appealing for information after a man approached a girl near to the National Railway Museum on Leeman Road in York.

At around 8.45am on Wednesday 24 January 2018, a 16-year-old girl was walking to school when a man approached the girl and told her to “walk”.

The girl managed to get away from the man. A short time later, as she headed towards her school to report the incident, she was approached by a second man with an umbrella, who offered to walk with her. It is not known if this interaction is connected to the first incident at this stage.

The first man is described as Asian, in his early thirties; around 5ft 10in tall, of chubby build. He was wearing a hooded jacket and had his face covered.

The second man is described as Asian, younger than the first man, of skinny build, with black hair which was drawn back in the middle and shaven at the sides. He was carrying a grey and blue back pack and was wearing a blue jacket and jeans.

Police are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed either incident, or recognises either man from the descriptions, to contact them.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said:

“Thankfully the girl did not go with the man and did the right thing by reporting it.

“Although we believe this was an isolated incident, our advice is to remain alert, but not alarmed and to report any suspicious behaviour immediately.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12180013404 when passing on information.

Posted on 24 January 2018 at 04:17pm in News stories
