```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-13T14:37:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-13T14:05:32+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Our officers must be able to move quickly while carrying a lot of heavy equipment, and so they have to be in pretty good shape. That\u2019s why one of the most rigorous elements of our screening process for new recruits is the physical fitness training. Officers must also achieve the required standard on an annual [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/northyorkshirepolice_33312316830.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Police Squad Goals \u2013 be fit like a cop! \U0001F3C3 - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-squad-goals-fit-like-cop/
title: "Police Squad Goals \u2013 be fit like a cop! \U0001F3C3"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-squad-goals-fit-like-cop/
```

Last modified: 13 April 2018 at 03:37pm

Could you pass the police fitness test? Follow our tips to get into shape, and find out for yourself!

Our officers must be able to move quickly while carrying a lot of heavy equipment, and so they have to be in pretty good shape.

That’s why one of the most rigorous elements of our screening process for new recruits is the physical fitness training.

Officers must also achieve the required standard on an annual basis – and some specialist roles may be required to take additional tests during the year. Phew!

They’re all expected to take personal responsibility to maintain and improve their fitness, sufficient for their designated role… so no jokes about doughnuts, thank you very much.

## **Testing, testing, 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5:4**

Could you pass the police fitness test?

You’ll need to find a 15 metre track – this could be at a local sports hall or running track.

🔊 Brief introduction to the bleep test

🔊 The bleep test

While listening to the Multi Stage Fitness Test recording you should run to and fro along the 15 metre track in time with the bleeps.

If you arrive at the end line before the bleep sounds you need to wait for the bleep before resuming running and you should adjust your speed accordingly.

The timing between bleeps is slow at first (the bleeps are about seven seconds apart) but they become faster as the test progresses and it will become more difficult to keep up with the required speed.

​​You should run to your optimum level without reaching exhaustion. To pass the test you will need to reach an endurance level of 5:4 – that’s a minimum of four shuttles at level 5.

​You shouldn’t use this fitness test to train – it should only be used every so often to assess your progress.

## **The Specialist**

There are also more demanding fitness standards for specialist police roles, including dog handlers (5:7), air support (6:4) and firearms officers (7:6).

## **Get cop fit**

In 2016, the pass rate for the fitness test at North Yorkshire Police was 98.4%. We’ve got some exceptional athletes amongst our officers!

Here are some simple ideas recommended for officers to use to get their fitness levels up. Why not give them a go?

 * To improve your stamina, you should take part in sporting activities which last 30 minutes or more and get you out of breath, such as football, netball and squash.
 * You can also make rapid improvements by engaging in activities which create a large aerobic demand, such as jogging, cycling, swimming and rowing.
 * Try jogging for 20 minutes or more and as you improve, try to increase the distance covered in that time. Alternatively, jog a set distance from home and back again and try to reduce the time taken to cover the distance.
 * You should exercise three times a week for 20 minutes – but if you are not used to exercise, you should start with gentle sessions lasting no more than 15 minutes.

## **Warm up – and cool down**

Before any form of exercise it is important to warm your body up to prepare it for the exercise that will follow. This will decrease the risk of injury. Try relatively slow and rhythmical activities, such as light jogging or cycling.

Along with the physical exercise that you perform, adequate recovery time is important. Cooling down after exercise will help you to recover and prevent muscle soreness.

Your cool­down should consist of a light exercise which gradually decreases in intensity, combined with some gentle stretches, particularly for the muscles that have just been worked.

## **​I won’t give up, no I won’t give in**

Here’s some intel on how to stay motivated:

 * Try to train as much as possible with friends as this will make your exercise programme a more enjoyable and safer activity.
 * ​Try to monitor your progress by recording times taken, distances covered and recovery times. This will give you feedback on improvements and will give you an incentive to continue training.
 * Set yourself targets that can be realistically achieved.
 * ​Try to spread fitness sessions out rather than playing squash, weight training and swimming all in one day and then doing nothing else for the rest of the week.
 * ​Do not overdo your training. Start gently and build up gradually over a period of weeks or months.

Good luck!

Posted on 13 April 2018 at 03:05pm in News stories
