```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-06-20T15:21:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in the Skipton area are asking for witnesses and information following an incident involving an 11 year old girl and an unknown man.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following suspicious incident in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-suspicious-incident-in-skipton/
title: Appeal for witnesses following suspicious incident in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-suspicious-incident-in-skipton/
```

Last modified: 20 June 2018 at 04:21pm

Police in the Skipton area are asking for witnesses and information following an incident involving an 11 year old girl and an unknown man.

It happened at around 3.30pm on 19 June 2018, when the girl was walking home from Greatwood School through Skipton.

The girl, who was with her friend, went to put some rubbish in the bin nearest to the Cock and Bottle pub on Swadford Street (opposite Sports Direct) when an unknown man approached her, smiled and said "Hi", passed her a piece of paper with a number written on and said "Phone me". The man has then crossed the road and left the girl with her friend.

The girl then immediately walked to her grandfather’s address on Raikeswood Road and informed him what had happened.

The man is described as black, aged as in his 30s, clean shaven, approximately 5ft10 tall, of slim build with dark short afro hair. He was wearing dark clothing and a backpack.

Police are asking for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who saw a man of the above description in the area at the time, to get in touch.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and pass information to the Force Control Room.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12180109296 when passing on information.

These incidents are rare, however, parents are advised to reiterate stranger danger advice to their children:

 * Never go anywhere with a stranger
 * Never take things from a stranger
 * Never get in a car with a stranger
 * Never go off on your own

Posted on 20 June 2018 at 04:21pm in News stories
