```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-24T15:19:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-24T14:08:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The gang, comprised of members of the same family and their trusted network of co-conspirators, were jailed at Leeds Crown Court on 21 December 2018. On 26 October 2018, head of the operation, Alfred Phillip Dear (Snr), 45, of Corbridge Close, Hull, was found guilty in his absence of conspiracy to supply class\_A drugs between [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/11/Alfred-Phillip-Dear-23051973-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 11 jailed for over 102 years as detectives bring down York heroin gang - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/11-jailed-for-over-102-years-as-detectives-bring-down-york-heroin-gang/
title: 11 jailed for over 102 years as detectives bring down York heroin gang
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/11-jailed-for-over-102-years-as-detectives-bring-down-york-heroin-gang/
```

Last modified: 24 February 2020 at 03:19pm

11 out of 13 members of an organised crime group who made thousands of pounds pedalling heroin and cocaine in York have been jailed for over 102 years in total. The remaining two have been given suspended jail terms.

The gang, comprised of members of the same family and their trusted network of co-conspirators, were jailed at Leeds Crown Court on 21 December 2018.

Alfred Phillip Dear Alfred Dear (jnr) Levi Dear

On 26 October 2018, head of the operation, Alfred Phillip Dear (Snr), 45, of Corbridge Close, Hull, was found guilty in his absence of conspiracy to supply class A drugs between October 2015 and June 2016. He was jailed for 21 years which also included three years for a raid on a cash machine in East Yorkshire. He failed to turn up at court for sentencing and is now wanted.

His two sons, Alfred (Jnr), 26, and Levi, 24, both of James Street Caravan Site, York, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class a drugs at an earlier hearing and were jailed for 12 years each.

Nine other members of the group also pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs and include:

Stine Wilson, 33, of Carnock Close, Huntington, York, jailed for nine years and nine months.

Simon McArthur, 28, of Roche Avenue, York, jailed for 11 years and six months which included other offences of burglary, theft and motoring offences.

Marcus Levi Stannard, 26, of no fixed address, jailed for eight years

Kale Melvin Adams, 28, of Lilac Avenue, Knottingley, jailed for seven years and six months.

Geoffrey Smith, 25, of Burtonstone Lane, York jailed for five years

David Christopher Smith, 24, of Woolnough Avenue, York, jailed for nine years and nine months.

Phillip Walker, 29, of Albert Close, Huntington, York, jailed for three years

Paul Anthony Garratt, 49, of Jackson Street, York, jailed for three years.

Sarah Louise Smith, 36, of Albert Close, Huntington, York, was given a two-year jail term suspended for 18 months.

Levi Dear also pleaded guilty to money laundering, as did Danielle Smith, 33, of Ryedale Caravan Site, Osbaldwick. £13,000 was seized from Dear’s caravan and nearly £95,000 was seized from Smith’s caravan. Danielle Smith was given a 10 month jail term suspended for 18 months.

Such was the extent of the conspiracy that four people at the lower end of the chain have been arrested, convicted and jailed independently throughout the course of the investigation, with evidence from those prosecutions featuring in the this trial of the key members of the group.

The investigation spanned three years from October 2015 to October 2018 and involved approximately 550 exhibits and 500 witness statements. The total amount of cash seized was £115,000.

**The conspiracy**

Alfred Dear (snr) was the controlling head of the conspiracy, dictating the movement of large quantities of class A drugs into the county from South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire, which were then cut and distributed at street-level. Much of the day-to-day management of the operation was devolved to his sons but he remained in command and nothing happened without his say-so.

His sons effectively managed people further down the hierarchy, removing stock weights of drugs from secreted stash points and passing them on to drug runners who would then go on to supply street dealers.

There were also trusted members of the group who were not family members. Stine Wilson being one such trusted middleman and facilitator, and the next person down in the hierarchy. He acted as the key conduit between the Dear family, drug couriers and drug dealers. He was considered the muscle of the operation and the person dispatched to right any wrongs should there be any issues within the lower end of the hierarchy or rival drug dealing networks.

Simon McArthur and Marcus Stannard are trusted associates of Wilson. Mid-level members of the group whose roles were to collect large bulk weights of drugs from the younger members of the Dear family and deliver them to safe houses and/or street-level dealers who would then take the drugs and divide them into street-level deals for onward supply. McArthur and Stannard would also be trusted with the collection of cash from the sale of these drugs which would go to Stine Wilson who would then pass it on to the Dear family.

Kale Adams operated for the gang out of the York area where he has his own network of street-level dealers who work at his discretion. Adams collected drugs from the Dear family members directly and transported them back to the Malton area for onward supply via his street-level dealers.

Geoffrey Smith and David Smith operated as drug delivery runners like McArthur and Stannard, and were trusted to carry out this role by the Dear family. The Smiths were given drugs which had been removed from stash locations by Dear family members, they then transported and delivered them to street-level dealers.

Philip Walker and Sarah Smith’s home in Albert Close, York, was used as a safe house to store drugs delivered by Marcus Stannard and others. Dealers would then come and collect weights of drugs from this location to be taken away and made into street-level deals which they would sell. Stannard would have free access to the property where he would also meet dealers to collect cash from them which would go back to Wilson who would ensure that this cash ended up with the Dear family. Smith and Walker are considered lower down the hierarchy but not at the bottom, as they were trusted enough to hold onto large quantities of drugs despite being users themselves.

Paul Garratt was at the lower end of the hierarchy, a street-level dealer who would be supplied quarter ounce deals at a time which he would make into street deals and sell at £10 pounds per bag. His part of the agreement is that he would make enough from these sales to cover his own heroin habit.

There were numerous others involved at the lower end of the hierarchy who have since been arrested and convicted of drug offences including three now serving sentences totalling 18-and-a-half years between them.

Following sentencing, investigating officer, Detective Constable Adam Heatlie, of North Yorkshire Police’s Organised Crime Unit, said: “Organised crime groups involved in drug trafficking, like those who have been sentenced today, are predatory in the way that they prey on the vulnerable within our communities. The harm they do cannot be underestimated. The sentences reflect how serious North Yorkshire Police, the courts and our partners take this type of crime. Let this be a warning to those who feel there may be opportunity to fill the void, we are watching”.

Posted on 24 December 2018 at 02:08pm in News stories
