```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:17:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-23T09:55:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of a high-value road cycle stolen from Stokesley. The theft occurred at around 4.50pm on Sunday, 10 June when the bike was secured to a lamp post outside the White Swan Public House. The offender managed to cut the lock which was securing the bike [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Suspect-England-shirt-3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following theft of high value bike in Stokesley - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-theft-of-high-value-bike-in-stokesley/
title: Appeal for information following theft of high value bike in Stokesley
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-theft-of-high-value-bike-in-stokesley/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:17am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of a high-value road cycle stolen from Stokesley.

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following the theft of a high-value road cycle stolen from Stokesley.

The theft occurred at around 4.50pm on Sunday, 10 June when the bike was secured to a lamp post outside the White Swan Public House. The offender managed to cut the lock which was securing the bike and made off from the scene in the direction of Stokesley Motors.

The offender is described as of large build and around 6ft tall. He was wearing a grey baseball hat, which possible had a batman logo on it, a red England football top and black tracksuit bottoms. He was also wearing black and white training shoes and possible a grey rucksack. The offender is also believed to have a very distinctive black horizontal shaped tattoo on his right forearm.

The stolen cycle is a Scott Foil carbon framed road cycle which is matt black in colour with an extra large frame. The serial number is STR10D45812090024X.

Anyone who has seen the bike or who has been offered it for sale or who can help identify the offender is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police. This can be done by calling 101, selecting option 2 and asking for Eddie Reid. You can also email Edward.reid@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to provide information anonymously this can be done through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference 1218102990.

Contact details:
 Eddie Reid \- #1236
Edward.Reid@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 31236
Incident reference:
 12180102990
Posted on 23 July 2018 at 10:55am in Local appeals
