```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:16:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-03-14T15:01:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a house burglary that occurred between 8am and 10.30am on Friday 13th March 2015 in Brookside Avenue, Bedale.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a Burglary in Bedale - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-burglary-in-bedale/
title: Appeal following a Burglary in Bedale
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-a-burglary-in-bedale/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:16am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a house burglary that occurred between 8am and 10.30am on Friday 13th March 2015 in Brookside Avenue, Bedale.

Two men were seen acting suspiciously and getting into a dark coloured car in the area of Brookside Avenue on the morning of Friday 13 March.

Police are keen to identify the men and the dark coloured car. We are appealing for witnesses, or anyone who has any information about the incident, to contact Police.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for DC 1860 Debra Verrill. You can also email Debra.Verrill@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150041169.

We would like to remind members of the public to ensure that they keep their doors locked even if they are home and to report any thing that they think is suspicious straight away to the Police. If you think that a crime is in progress dial 999. We would like to reassure members of the public that this sort of incident, although rare, is taken very seriously.

Date 14 March 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150041169

Posted on 14 March 2015 at 03:01pm in News stories
