```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:26:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-17T09:31:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Acting on reports from members of the public and businesses, and working closely with the York BID\u2019s Street Rangers, police launched the two-week operation to patrol hot-spot areas, provide reassurance and tackle community concerns. Dubbed Operation Fisherman, officers from York\u2019s Neighbourhood Policing Team conducted extensive foot patrols with support from the Street Rangers in key [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/York-BID-150x150.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police work alongside Street Rangers to tackle anti-social behaviour linked to drug use in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-work-alongside-street-rangers-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-linked-to-drug-use-in-york/
title: Police work alongside Street Rangers to tackle anti-social behaviour linked to drug use in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-work-alongside-street-rangers-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-linked-to-drug-use-in-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:26am

A proactive operation in York city centre has responded to issues raised by the local community, including anti-social behaviour linked to drug use.

Acting on reports from members of the public and businesses, and working closely with the York BID’s Street Rangers, police launched the two-week operation to patrol hot-spot areas, provide reassurance and tackle community concerns.

Dubbed Operation Fisherman, officers from York’s Neighbourhood Policing Team conducted extensive foot patrols with support from the Street Rangers in key parts of the city centre. This operation alone resulted in ten people stopped and searched under the Misuse of Drugs Act and more than a dozen arrests for offences including drunk and disorderly, possession of drugs, and failure to attend court.

Persistent offenders may be the subject of Criminal Behaviour Order applications, with positive requirements for them to attend courses to address the underlying issues behind their behaviour or drug use.

Inspector Andy Godfrey, of York Police, said: “York is an extremely safe city in which to live, work and visit, and we are determined to keep it that way. We acted on information from local businesses, who reported concerns about issues linked to drug use in parts of the city centre. Officers have been targeting those areas with highly-visible, proactive patrols, and dealing robustly with any issues.

“Since the start of this operation, we have had very positive feedback from businesses in the city centre, reporting a reduction in anti-social behaviour. The message is clearly getting through that anti-social behaviour and the use of illegal drugs is not acceptable in our city centre. We will also continue to work with our partners to make sure anyone that needs help is signposted to the most appropriate support.

“The York BID Street Rangers give us extra ‘eyes and ears’ to help us identify issues early, and deal with them appropriately, as well as providing reassurance and deterring anti-social behaviour in the first place, so our partnership working with them is extremely beneficial.

“Our proactive patrols will continue throughout the summer months and beyond, so I would urge anyone with concerns about any issues to contact us via 101 or SNAYorkcity@NorthYorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Your calls and emails really do make a difference, as they help us to understand where the issues are, and how we can resolve them.”

Executive Director of the York BID, Andrew Lowson, said: “The Rangers’ ongoing business engagement brought particular concerns to light and we’re proud to be part of the coordinated response. One of the lesser-known BID roles is to lobby key agencies on behalf of the business community we serve, and this recent Police operation is an example of the fantastic partnership we’ve built with North Yorkshire Police and City of York Council. The Rangers patrol the streets of York every day because we take anti-social behaviour involving drugs and alcohol extremely seriously and want to do our part to reduce the impact for the benefit of York’s residents and visitors.”

Posted on 17 July 2018 at 10:31am in News stories
