```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T13:02:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-06-01T13:02:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police investigating a far right protest that took place in York on Saturday 28 May 2016 have issued an appeal for video footage and information.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police appeal for video footage of far right protest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-video-footage-far-right-protest/
title: Police appeal for video footage of far right protest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-appeal-video-footage-far-right-protest/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 01:02pm

Police investigating a far right protest that took place in York on Saturday 28 May 2016 have issued an appeal for video footage and information.

Detectives are appealing to any members of the public who were present and have taken video footage of the protest to contact them.

Officers were monitoring the protest when they responded to a disturbance near York Minster involving a group of protestors and members of the public.

Police officers quickly brought the situation under control and arrested four of the protestors and one member of the public.

The rest of the protest group, who are believed to have travelled from various areas of the country, were escorted back to York railway station by police officers to prevent any further disturbances.

Enquiries into the incident are continuing to identify any further offences and officers have not ruled out making any further arrests. To aid their investigation, officers are appealing to anyone who took footage of the protest or witnessed the incident, to contact them.

Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for DC Ian Richardson.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12160093428 when calling.

The 27-year-old man from York who was arrested at the time, was released without charge.

A 25-year-old man from Weymouth who was arrested to prevent a breach of the peace and for failing to supply his details, was issued with a caution.

The three others, a 25-year-old man from West Bromwich was arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated public order offence. A 31-year-old man from Horley, Surrey was arrested on suspicion of using threatening words/behaviour. A 21-year-old man from Swansea was arrested on suspicion of a public order offence. They have all been released on bail while the investigation continues.

1 June 2016

Posted on 1 June 2016 at 01:02pm in News stories
