```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-02-15T19:08:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 47-year-old Mark Anthony Steele was due to contest the charges, but changed his plea to guilty and was sentenced to 27 months imprisonment. On Sunday 3 October 2019 Steele assaulted his victim by attempting to strangle her. She managed to flee the incident and was found by police nearby, in a very distressed state. When [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/02/STEELE-Mark-Anthony-25081972-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Skipton man imprisoned for coercive and controlling behaviour - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-man-imprisoned-for-coercive-and-controlling-behaviour/
title: Skipton man imprisoned for coercive and controlling behaviour
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/skipton-man-imprisoned-for-coercive-and-controlling-behaviour/
```

Last modified: 15 February 2020 at 07:08pm

A Skipton man appeared at York Crown Court on Thursday 6 February 2020 and was found guilty of assault, engaging in coercive and controlling behaviour and breaching a restraining order.

47-year-old Mark Anthony Steele was due to contest the charges, but changed his plea to guilty and was sentenced to 27 months imprisonment.

On Sunday 3 October 2019 Steele assaulted his victim by attempting to strangle her. She managed to flee the incident and was found by police nearby, in a very distressed state.

When she gave a statement to officers, she described how fearful she was of Steele and how scared she was of his behaviour, if he were to find out she had contacted the police.

Steele was arrested in relation to the incident and charged with assault and engaging in coercive and controlling behaviour. He was also charged with breaching an existing restraining order, which was in place to protect a previous victim of Steele’s. He was remanded into custody until his appearance at court.

Speaking about the sentence handed to Steele, Detective Constable Amy Beveridge said :

“Steele used threats of violence and assaults to control his victim, leaving them in genuine fear for their life.

“I would like to thank the victim for their incredible bravery in coming forward and making a report to the police. Also her incredible courage throughout the court process where she remained brave throughout with the support of her family and friends. Without their courage to speak out, we would not of been able to ensure such a dangerous man was put behind bars.

“I also hope that the sentence, and the speed at which it was reached, sends a reassuring message to others who live in the shadow of fear and threats. Please come forward and make a report to police. We can put immediate measures in place to safeguard you and provide you with support throughout the criminal justice process. You may find that person who is currently making your life a living hell, could soon be far away from you, allowing you to rebuild your life and move on.”

Posted on 15 February 2020 at 07:08pm in News stories
