```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-01T13:02:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A new service has been launched today (1 April 2015) to help North Yorkshire residents who have been victims of crime and need emotional and practical support to cope and recover after crime.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New service for victims of crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-service-for-victims-of-crime/
title: New service for victims of crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-service-for-victims-of-crime/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A new service has been launched today (1 April 2015) to help North Yorkshire residents who have been victims of crime and need emotional and practical support to cope and recover after crime.

The "Supporting Victims North Yorkshire" service provides help to victims in a number of different ways, to help them to cope and recover from the impact of crime. Experienced Supporting Victims Victim Care Co-Ordinators offer advice and guidance for victims of crime via a dedicated telephone service. Supporting Victims can also refer victims to additional specialist services, aimed specifically at victims of sexual or domestic abuse, those who have suffered as a result of serious crime, people who have been persistently targeted and those feel vulnerable or intimidated as a result of criminal activity.

Whilst most of the referrals to the service will come from the police and other public sector agencies, members of the public can make a direct call to Supporting Victims North Yorkshire if they have been a victim of a criminal offence and need help - even if they have chosen not to report the crime to the police.

Supporting Victims North Yorkshire is funded by the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, Julia Mulligan, and is supported by both North Yorkshire Police and Victim Support.

Commenting on the launch of the new service, Julia Mulligan said:

"Being a victim of crime can be a difficult thing to deal with, and whilst some people are able to cope without help, others need some specialist support. I have launched this service for people living in North Yorkshire because I want to make sure that we do everything we can to help victims of crime to recover and get on with their lives. I hope that anyone who needs the service will come forward to take advantage of the support available."

The Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Police, Dave Jones, said:

"As a police service, we try to put the victim at the heart of everything we do, so we welcome the additional help that Supporting Victims will provide to those who have suffered as the result of a criminal offence. From today our officers will be actively identifying people who might benefit from Supporting Victims, and encouraging them to make full use of the new service."

Supporting Victims North Yorkshire can be contacted on the web at: www.supportingvictims.org via email on: help@supportingvictims.org or by phone on 01904 669 276.

North Yorkshire Police is urging members of the public to note that the Supporting Victims service is for victims of crime who need emotional or practical support to recover. Anyone wanting to report a crime should still get in touch with the police by telephoning: 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Posted on 1 April 2015 at 01:02pm in News stories
