```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-09-17T13:05:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 9.30pm on Tuesday 15 September 2020, a black and silver horsebox was stolen from stables near Burton Salmon. A gate lock was broken, and a horsebox kept there was dragged off by a silver estate car. Anyone who saw anything suspicious, or has any information about the theft, is asked to contact North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police call for stable yard vigilance after horsebox theft - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-for-stable-yard-vigilance-after-horsebox-theft/
title: Police call for stable yard vigilance after horsebox theft
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-call-for-stable-yard-vigilance-after-horsebox-theft/
```

Last modified: 17 September 2020 at 02:05pm

Police have issued a security warning to horse owners across North Yorkshire, after thieves towed away a horsebox from the Selby district.

At about 9.30pm on Tuesday 15 September 2020, a black and silver horsebox was stolen from stables near Burton Salmon.

A gate lock was broken, and a horsebox kept there was dragged off by a silver estate car.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious, or has any information about the theft, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference number 12200162266.

Specialist rural police officers are asking horse owners in North Yorkshire to remain vigilant, and check their security arrangements.

PC David Mackay, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “We are urging horse owners to take immediate steps to ensure your equipment is protected from thieves. Make sure you have a record of any serial numbers, register your property, and be vigilant – report any suspicious activity to the police.

“If someone offers you second-hand tack or equestrian equipment for sale, and it seems too good to be true, consider that you might be buying stolen property. Check serial numbers, and if in doubt, ask the person for proof of ownership.”

The force’s Rural Taskforce is sharing stable yard security advice, and asking horse owners across the county to consider it:

 * Robust fences and hedges with secure gates prevent horses straying and thieves from getting close to the property.
 * Gates are made more of a deterrent if they are chained and hinges protected with anti-lift locks.
 * Refrain from leaving head-collars and lead ropes in fields as they could be used by thieves to remove horses.
 * At entrances to remote stable yards, display signs warning thieves that your horses and tack are security marked.
 * Position your stables, tack room and valuable vehicles close to your main where they can be clearly seen.
 * Consider your use of lighting, particularly ‘dusk to dawn’ lights.
 * Some stable yards make use of alarms and even CCTV. Keeping dogs in the stable complex could also be considered, to raise the alarm.
 * Visitors to the stable yard should be escorted and restricted in their access to the site.

Specifically in relation to horseboxes and trailers, park them in a well-lit area and ensure that all doors and ramps are locked, and consider use of wheel-clamps, ground anchors and hitch-locks as well as alarms and immobilizers.

For more expert crime prevention advice, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/horsewatch.

Posted on 17 September 2020 at 02:05pm in News stories, Rural
