```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-11T09:52:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-11T09:49:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened on Goodramgate at around 6.10pm on Wednesday 10 August 2016, near to the Yorkshire Roast, close to the junction with Petergate. The victim, a 59-year-old man, used a cash machine near to Tesco Express and was walking along the street when he felt an arm around his shoulder and a man ushering him [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Warning and appeal following York robbery - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-appeal-following-york-robbery/
title: Warning and appeal following York robbery
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/warning-appeal-following-york-robbery/
```

Last modified: 11 August 2016 at 09:52am

York police have issued a warning and are appealing for information following a knife-point robbery.

It happened on Goodramgate at around 6.10pm on Wednesday 10 August 2016, near to the Yorkshire Roast, close to the junction with Petergate.

The victim, a 59-year-old man, used a cash machine near to Tesco Express and was walking along the street when he felt an arm around his shoulder and a man ushering him towards a wall. At the same time a second man, who was holding a knife, stood in front of him blocking his path.

The two men spoke with a foreign accent, and the man with his arm around the victim has gestured to him to give him the money. The victim was also threatened by the men.

During the incident, the men were all smiles as if to give the impression that they were friends having a chat.

The victim, fearing for his safety, handed over the money that he had just withdrawn. The suspects then thanked him before leaving the area. The whole incident happened very quickly.

The first suspect who had his arm around the victim is described as 5ft 11 in tall, of stocky but toned build and aged between 26 to 30 years old. He was unshaven and had black hair, brown eyes, olive skin and was of eastern European appearance. He Spoke with a foreign accent and was wearing a tight gym top, black jogging trousers and trainers.

The second suspect who was holding the knife is described as similar in height, with an olive complexion, of smaller build to the first man, but still toned. He was aged between 24 to 26 and dressed in a similar way to the first suspect.

There is potentially a third suspect involved in the incident who spoke to the victim afterwards. He had a similar appearance to the first two.

The victim was physically unharmed, but very shaken up by the incident.

Police are advising members of the public to be vigilant when they are using cash machines and appealed to anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information about the suspects to contact them.

Detective Constable Robert Brook of York Serious Crime Team, said: “This robbery happened in broad daylight, in a busy street in York and there will have been a lot of people around at the time. It’s possible that people saw the men, but due to their “friendly” approach, and the speed with which the incident happened, passers-by may not have been aware of what was happening.

“I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw anyone matching the men’s description, or who believe they witnessed the incident, to please contact the police. It’s possible that the men were hanging around in the area of the cash machine, waiting for a suitable victim to approach.

“In the meantime, I urge anyone using cash machines to be vigilant, be aware of who is standing around or watching you as you use the machine. If in doubt, move to another location and report any suspicious people to the police.”

Anyone with any information that can help the police investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for York Serious Crime Team. Or email SCTYork@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12160143873 when calling.

Posted on 11 August 2016 at 09:49am in News stories
