```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-06T09:50:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-27T17:31:28+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened on Strensall Common between 2.30pm and 3.15pm on Sunday 26 February 2017. As the woman was walking her dog along a path adjacent to the golf course, approximately 15 minutes\u2019 walk from the car park, a man called out to her, concerned by this, she turned to walk back the way she [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/Strensall-doggy.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after dog comes to owner&#039;s aid during attack on Strensall Common - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-dog-comes-owners-aid-attack-strensall-common/
title: Appeal after dog comes to owner's aid during attack on Strensall Common
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-dog-comes-owners-aid-attack-strensall-common/
```

Last modified: 6 March 2017 at 09:50am

Police in York are appealing for information after a woman in her 20s was attacked by a man in Strensall.

The incident happened on Strensall Common between 2.30pm and 3.15pm on Sunday 26 February 2017.

As the woman was walking her dog along a path adjacent to the golf course, approximately 15 minutes’ walk from the car park, a man called out to her, concerned by this, she turned to walk back the way she had come.

The same man then jumped out in front of her a bit further along the path and grabbed the skin on her neck, painfully twisting it. In response to this, the woman's dog bit the man on his leg, he then kicked the dog in her chest, leaving a dirty boot mark and winding her.

The man shouted at the woman and the dog bit him on his leg again. This caused the man to let go of the woman’s skin and tend to his leg, allowing the woman and her dog to escape and get back to her car.

There were a number of other people in the area at the time, and officers are appealing to them to contact them, even if they did not see the incident itself, they could still have important information. If you were on Strensall Common between 2pm and 3.30pm, officers would like you to contact them. A photo of the dog has been issued to help jog people's memories.

They also want to hear from anyone who can help identify the man.

He is described as white, fat, with a chubby face, dark, greying facial hair - longer than stubble but not a beard. He was aged in his 50s and smelt of urine. He was wearing a dirty, orange, zip-up raincoat with a logo on it and dirty, dark green water-proof trousers with zips at the knees so they could be worn as shorts. He was wearing dark coloured boots and had a Yorkshire accent.

Anyone who was in the area at the time, or can help identify the man is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Elle Smith, collar number 1825, or email elle.smith1825@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 12170033337 when passing on information.

Posted on 27 February 2017 at 05:31pm in News stories
