```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:08:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-17T17:38:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 11.50 am on Monday 15 January 2018 and involved two male suspects. The two suspects have entered the shop and snatched\_three high value phones from a display before pushing a member of staff and making off on foot. Officers\_are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help determine the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following robbery at Carphone Warehouse in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-carphone-warehouse-harrogate/
title: Appeal following robbery at Carphone Warehouse in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/robbery-carphone-warehouse-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:08am

Police in Harrogate are appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery at the Carphone Warehouse in Cambridge street.

It happened at around 11.50 am on Monday 15 January 2018 and involved two male suspects.

The two suspects have entered the shop and snatched three high value phones from a display before pushing a member of staff and making off on foot.

Officers are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the suspects' involved.

The first suspect is described as a white man, around 30 years old, 6 feet tall and slim build. He had dark hair, dark stubble and a pale face. He was wearing a blue baseball cap and grey jumper.

The second suspect is described as a white man, again around 30 years old, slightly sorter than the first suspect and with a pot-belly. He had light brown/ginger hair with the same coloured stubble. He was wearing the same if not very similar clothing and cap as the first suspect.

Enquiries so far suggest the two ran in the general direction of Lower Station Parade following the robbery.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Adam Smith. You can also email adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180007991.

Contact details:
 Adam Smith \- #8
adam.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30008
Incident reference:
 12180007991
Posted on 17 January 2018 at 05:38pm in Local appeals
