```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-20T11:42:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-20T11:41:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Thieves broke into the property, which is located on the edge of Airton, towards Settle, at some time between 4pm and 6pm on Wednesday 15 January 2020. They had gained access by using a large stone to smash the front door. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a house burglary in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-house-burglary/
title: Appeal following a house burglary in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-house-burglary/
```

Last modified: 20 January 2020 at 11:42am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Airton near Skipton.

Thieves broke into the property, which is located on the edge of Airton, towards Settle, at some time between 4pm and 6pm on Wednesday 15 January 2020. They had gained access by using a large stone to smash the front door.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspect vehicles or people seen in the vicinity at the time, or days prior to this crime.

Due to the location of this property, its believed that the offenders must have attended in vehicle. It would seem likely that the vehicle may have been parked nearby, perhaps on the Airton to Settle road. Police would be interested to speak to anyone who may have seen a vehicle, perhaps parked in an unusual location or acting suspiciously in and around the area.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Richard Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12200008462

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

Date January 16 2020

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 31728
Incident reference:
 12200008462
Posted on 20 January 2020 at 11:41am in Local appeals
