```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-11-01T11:27:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at around 6.42am on Friday 1 November 2019 and involved three vehicles \u2013 a silver Kia Rio, a black Lexus IS and a petrol tanker. The petrol tanker and Kia Rio were travelling in the direction towards Whitby and the Lexus was traveling towards Guisborough. One person sadly died at the scene. The [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Fatal collision on A171 at Ugthorpe near Whitby \u2013 do you have any information? - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-on-a171-at-ugthorpe-near-whitby-do-you-have-any-information/
title: "Fatal collision on A171 at Ugthorpe near Whitby \u2013 do you have any information?"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-on-a171-at-ugthorpe-near-whitby-do-you-have-any-information/
```

Last modified: 1 November 2019 at 11:27am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and dash-cam footage after a man died in a collision on the A171 at Ugthorpe, near Whitby.

It happened at around 6.42am on Friday 1 November 2019 and involved three vehicles – a silver Kia Rio, a black Lexus IS and a petrol tanker.

The petrol tanker and Kia Rio were travelling in the direction towards Whitby and the Lexus was traveling towards Guisborough.

One person sadly died at the scene. The driver of the Lexus was taken to hospital by air ambulance with serious but stable injuries. The driver of the tanker was uninjured

Police enquiries are ongoing and officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward to assist the investigation.

In particular, anyone who witnessed the collision or who was travelling in the area at the time, or who may have dash-cam in operation prior to the collision is urged to contact them.

Officers would also like to speak to the driver of vehicle, described as a Land Rover, that briefly stopped at the scene but then continued on their journey.

If you can help, please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Major Collision Investigation Team or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Please quote reference number 12190201463 when providing details about this incident.

The stretch of road is likely to remain closed until this afternoon (Friday 1 November 2019) and motorists are advised to use alternative routes until further notice.

Police are not in a position to name the deceased at this stage.

Posted on 1 November 2019 at 11:27am in News stories
