```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-22T13:57:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-22T13:35:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Ford Granada MkII We brought a little bit of The Sweeney to North Yorkshire with this Ford Granada. Wearing the chief constable\u2019s former AJ1 numberplate, it\u2019s pictured looking after the Pope during a visit to York in the early 1980s. &nbsp; Ford Fiesta MkII Once a really common site on our roads\u2026 but when did [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/02/Mk2-Granada-e1519305534477.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Driving down crime: How many of these classic North Yorkshire Police cars do you remember? - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/classic-police-cars/
title: 'Driving down crime: How many of these classic North Yorkshire Police cars do you remember?'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/classic-police-cars/
```

Last modified: 22 February 2018 at 01:57pm

Inspector Morse wafted around Oxford in his Jaguar. The Professionals blasted through cardboard boxes in their Ford Capri. And the Zephyrs and Zodiacs in Z-Cars gave the show its name. Television has made stars out of police cars... but how many of these classics from North Yorkshire’s fleet do you remember?

**Ford Granada MkII
**We brought a little bit of The Sweeney to North Yorkshire with this Ford Granada. Wearing the chief constable’s former AJ1 numberplate, it’s pictured looking after the Pope during a visit to York in the early 1980s.

**Ford Fiesta MkII
**Once a really common site on our roads… but when did you last see a 1980s Ford Fiesta? This 1985 model pictured at a police station behind York Magistrates' Court in 1988 has a coloured side stripe, which earned police cars of the era the nickname “jam sandwiches”.

**Volvo V70
**This 1996 Volvo was one of our first armed response vehicles. This one’s a high-performance model – a serious bit of kit that could still keep up with crooks in many modern-day cars.

**Hillman Imp
**An assortment of Imps line up for inspection beneath Clifford’s Tower in York. They were part of a new fleet for 1968, complete with the slate-blue and white paint scheme and the Heartbeat-style uniforms of the era.

**BMW 3 Series estate
**If you travel on North Yorkshire’s roads, you’re likely to encounter this Bavarian bruiser. The only German car on our list, the 3 Series is powerful, reliable and handles well, making it a big hit with many of our roads policing officers.

**Mini**
As British as fish and chips, red phone boxes and drizzly summer holidays, the Mini was a policing staple for many years in North Yorkshire. This 1969 model would have been cheap to buy and economical to run, making it an ideal patrol car.

**Ford Granada MkII, Ford Escort MkII and Rover SD1
**Here’s some classic British metal in the police garage at Fulford Road in York – not an uncommon destination for many cars of the era, which were less reliable than modern machines. Two of Ford’s finest are on the ramps – a relatively new 1979 Granada MkII and an Escort MkII – while the classic motorway patrol car, the Rover SD1, is just visible in the background. The year was 1980.

Posted on 22 February 2018 at 01:35pm in News stories
