```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-10-01T15:38:22+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: CC Winward takes over the role from former Chief Constable, Dave Jones, who retired earlier this year. Her appointment was confirmed in September by the NPCC. Citizens in Policing is the collective term used to describe the thousands of people across the country that regularly give up their time to provide vital support to the [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/08/CC-pips-Lisa-square-5-300x300.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Chief Constable Lisa Winward takes on national Citizens in Policing role - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constable-lisa-winward-takes-on-national-citizens-in-policing-role/
title: Chief Constable Lisa Winward takes on national Citizens in Policing role
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/chief-constable-lisa-winward-takes-on-national-citizens-in-policing-role/
```

Last modified: 1 October 2018 at 04:38pm

North Yorkshire Police’s Chief Constable, Lisa Winward has been appointed as the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s (NPCC) lead for Citizens in Policing.

CC Winward takes over the role from former Chief Constable, Dave Jones, who retired earlier this year. Her appointment was confirmed in September by the NPCC.

Citizens in Policing is the collective term used to describe the thousands of people across the country that regularly give up their time to provide vital support to the police service. There are currently around 38,000 people across England and Wales who volunteer for the police.

Their roles range from Special Constables – who have the same powers as regular police officers - to Police Support Volunteers who hold a range of bespoke roles including Country Watch, Cybercrime Awareness Ambassadors, Chaplains, and Role Players who help to train our officers, to name but a few.

As a former Special Constable herself, CC Winward is looking forward to leading an area of policing that is very close to her heart. She said: “I’m delighted to take over as the national lead for this area of policing. I joined the service as a special back in 1993 and can identify with all of our volunteers who generously give up their own time to support policing and their local communities. The police service has a strong history of volunteering and the extent of their dedication and enthusiasm never ceases to amaze me.

“Nationally, Citizens in Policing has gone from strength to strength under Dave Jones’ leadership and I am looking forward to carrying on his work as we look to open up more opportunities for volunteers to use their valuable skills and experience. From young cadets to former leaders in business, our volunteers come from a wide range of backgrounds and provide an extra dimension and enhancement to the service we provide to members of the public.”

To find out more about Citizens in Policing and available roles in your area, visit www.citizensinpolicing.net

Posted on 1 October 2018 at 04:38pm in News stories
