```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-07T14:27:56+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police&#039;s BikeSafe team and Northallerton Advanced Bikes (NAB) are hosting a rider development day this Saturday to help motorcyclists improve their skills.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police host free motorcyclist development day - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-host-free-motorcyclist-development-day/
title: Police host free motorcyclist development day
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-host-free-motorcyclist-development-day/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

North Yorkshire Police's BikeSafe team and Northallerton Advanced Bikes (NAB) are hosting a rider development day this Saturday to help motorcyclists improve their skills.

The event, which is free and open to all bikers, will take place at Teasdale Motorcycles on Long Street in Thirsk between 10am and 5pm on Saturday 11 April 2015.

Free, assessed rides will be on offer between 10am and 4pm by advanced motorcyclists who can advised riders on how to improve their skill level.

There will also be 24 demonstration bikes available to test ride including KTMs, MV Agusta, Aprilia and Moto Guzzi.

Traffic Sergeant Sean Grey of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, said: "We have held similar events in the past and they have proved to be a great way to engage with other motorcyclists to share our knowledge and skills. We want motorcyclists to enjoy riding in North Yorkshire, it's beautiful and has some great riding routes. However, the nature of our roads and the very reason why bikers want to come here, presents challenges and hazards ranging from narrow, twisting roads to large, slow moving vehicles and tourist traffic. It's vital that riders who want to enjoy our fantastic area, have the right skills to cope with it. By meeting us in person, we hope bikers will see that we share the same passion for motorcycling, and just want everyone else to enjoy it safely. We look forward to seeing everyone on the day."

There will be refreshments available including a hog roast, along with a raffle and some great prizes on offer.

Posted on 7 April 2015 at 02:27pm in News stories
