```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-11-15T13:30:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Just after 4pm on Wednesday 14 November 2018, police received a report of the theft of mobile phones from the o2 shop in Selby after two men entered the store and took\_four phones worth around \xA33,000 before running from the store. Officers were also aware of a similar incident in Durham, an\_attempted theft in Harrogate, [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three theft suspects arrested thanks to ANPR - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-theft-suspects-arrested-thanks-to-anpr/
title: Three theft suspects arrested thanks to ANPR
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-theft-suspects-arrested-thanks-to-anpr/
```

Last modified: 15 November 2018 at 01:30pm

Three Middlesbrough men have been arrested in York on suspicion of theft thanks to Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology.

Just after 4pm on Wednesday 14 November 2018, police received a report of the theft of mobile phones from the o2 shop in Selby after two men entered the store and took four phones worth around £3,000 before running from the store.

Officers were also aware of a similar incident in Durham, an attempted theft in Harrogate, and also had information about a vehicle believed to be linked to those incidents.

Observations where put out across the area and the vehicle was traced among heavy traffic heading to York city centre.

Officers stopped the car on Micklegate in York at around 4.45pm and arrested the three occupants, aged 17, 21 and 25, on suspicion of theft. They also seized a number of suspected stolen mobile phones found inside the vehicle.

All three currently remain in police custody for questioning.

ANPR was instrumental in tracking the vehicle’s movements enabling officers to intercept it and arrest the suspects. It works by reading vehicle registration number and flagging up vehicles linked to criminal activity or missing or vulnerable people. It helps us to arrest suspects, disrupt criminal activity, prevent crime and gather evidence to support prosecutions. It also helps us find missing or vulnerable people.

Read more here

Posted on 15 November 2018 at 01:30pm in News stories
