```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-22T12:01:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a cash machine was stolen in Haxby, near York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Thieves steal cash machine from supermarket near York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thieves-steal-cash-machine-from-supermarket-near-york/
title: Thieves steal cash machine from supermarket near York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/thieves-steal-cash-machine-from-supermarket-near-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a cash machine was stolen in Haxby, near York.

Officers were alerted at around 2.25am on Thursday 22 January 2015, after an emergency alarm was activated at the Co-op in Ryedale Court.

It is believed that thieves used a yellow telehandler to remove the machine from the wall of the shop, before driving away with it on the back of a pick-up style truck.

The telehandler was left at the scene.

Officers are making extensive enquiries to identify the people involved and are urging any witnesses to come forward.

Detective Inspector Andrea Kell, of York CID, said: "The investigation is at a very early stage and we are trying to gather as much information as possible to help with our enquiries.

"I am appealing to anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious in the area in the early hours of Thursday morning to get in touch with the police or Crimestoppers as soon as possible."

Anyone who can help officers with their enquiries is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for York CID.

Alternatively, information can be emailed to YorkCID@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you prefer not to give your name Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150011758 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 22 January 2015 at 12:01pm in News stories
