```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-02-03T18:21:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The Dementia Friends programme was launched by the Alzheimer\u2019s Society with the aim of changing perceptions of dementia and to tackle the stigma and lack of understanding. The society aims to have four million Dementia Friends by 2020. North Yorkshire Police have launched a road show that will tour all police stations, the Force Control [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/02/Sgt-Yvonne-Taylor-and-DCC-Tim-Madgwick-12-cropped-website.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police join Dementia Friends initiative - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-join-dementia-friends-initiative/
title: Police join Dementia Friends initiative
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-join-dementia-friends-initiative/
```

Last modified: 3 February 2017 at 06:21pm

North Yorkshire Police have joined the Alzheimer’s Society’s Dementia Friends initiative to encourage officers, staff and volunteers to become Dementia Friends.

The Dementia Friends programme was launched by the Alzheimer’s Society with the aim of changing perceptions of dementia and to tackle the stigma and lack of understanding. The society aims to have four million Dementia Friends by 2020.

North Yorkshire Police have launched a road show that will tour all police stations, the Force Control Room and Police Headquarters to help educate staff about dementia and encourage members of the force to become Dementia Friends using the simple process developed by the Dementia Friends programme.

One of the force’s first Dementia Friends, Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick, who is also the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s lead for dementia, said: “The Alzheimer’s Society has made it incredibly easy for anyone to become a Dementia Friend and we are seizing this opportunity to raise awareness among our officers, staff and volunteers. It’s a simple way to make a big difference to many people’s lives.”

A Dementia Friend learns a little bit more about what it's like to live with dementia and then turns that understanding into action - anyone of any age can be a Dementia Friend. Whether you attend a face-to-face Dementia Friends Information Session or watch the Dementia Friends online video, Dementia Friends is about learning more about dementia and the small ways you can help. From telling friends about Dementia Friends to visiting someone you know living with dementia.

Stacy Cannon, National Dementia Friends Operation Manager, added: “It's fantastic that North Yorkshire Police are launching the road show. It will help the police force to learn more about dementia and the ways they can support those affected by dementia. This will have a really positive impact in the communities they serve and will hopefully lead to others getting involved.”

3 February 2017

Posted on 3 February 2017 at 06:21pm in News stories
