```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-02T13:04:02+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Stokesley Police are warning local farmers to be on the alert after five farms had outbuildings attacked over the last week.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Vigilance urged as well-equipped thieves target rural farms - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-urged-as-well-equipped-thieves-target-rural-farms/
title: Vigilance urged as well-equipped thieves target rural farms
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/vigilance-urged-as-well-equipped-thieves-target-rural-farms/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Stokesley Police are warning local farmers to be on the alert after five farms had outbuildings attacked over the last week.

Thieves have targeted power tools and farm vehicles such as quadbikes and motorcycles, and have also stolen a Transit van from one farm.

Police are appealing for information from the public in relation to the following burglaries:

 * At 2.45am on 30 March, thieves were disturbed by the farmer attempting to break into an outbuilding at a Great Ayton farm, causing damage to the building and a vehicle in the process - police reference 12150051297
 * Overnight 30 - 31 March, three farms suffered burglaries to outbuildings:
 * a farm in Great Broughton had tools stolen - police reference 12150051980
 * a farm in Great Busby had a white Transit van, registration AJ59BKU, stolen along with two generators and several power tools including two yellow wacker plates, JCB pneumatic drill, Stihl chain and stone saws - police reference 12150051947
 * a farm in Nunthorpe was also broken into the same evening and an 2012 Orange KTM off road motorcycle with 'Jägermeister' graphics stolen, registration DX12ONG - police reference 12150052402
 * Between 29 March and 1 April, a farm on the outskirts of Stokesley was broken into and a green Yamaha Kodiak quadbike stolen - police reference 12150052642

Sergeant Nick Hill, of Stokesley Police, said: "What is particularly concerning is the lengths the thieves have gone to to commit these offences. Several of these crimes have involved cutting solid locks and chains from doors and from some of the vehicles themselves. The victims have not been complacent, and had taken steps to secure their property in several cases, but the thieves had come well-equipped to overcome that security.

"I would urge all farmers to review their security and as, well as securing their outbuildings, to also fit alarms and to mark their property - be that overtly by engraving tools or covertly with chemical treatments such as Smartwater. In the event they are stolen this greatly assists us in returning them to their rightful owners.

"Please report any suspicious people, activity or vehicles in rural areas immediately by calling 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"Residents can be reassured that we are putting on extra patrols in the area, assisted by local Ruralwatch volunteers. I would also encourage the public to join our Ruralwatch scheme and help us further increase patrols in our rural communities. For more information about schemes in your area, call 101, select option 2, and ask for your local police station."

**2 April 2015**

Posted on 2 April 2015 at 01:04pm in News stories
