```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:26:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-25T13:00:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "This week on Tuesday 22 May 2018, the court heard that at 11:30pm on Wednesday 24 January 2018, a police sergeant on duty saw Nathan Charles Rushby-Jones (aged 19 of Newland Park Drive, York) urinating off Micklegate, just six metres away from them.\_When challenged, he apologised. In court, the magistrates found the offence proved in [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Magistrates order costs of \xA31,122 to three who urinated in public - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/magistrates-order-costs-of-1122-to-three-who-urinated-in-public/
title: "Magistrates order costs of \xA31,122 to three who urinated in public"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/magistrates-order-costs-of-1122-to-three-who-urinated-in-public/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:26am

York magistrates court has again backed action taken by the council and police against people urinating in public on the city’s streets. While sentencing people guilty of the offence in the city centre, the magistrate said: “We cannot tolerate this behaviour in York.”

This week on Tuesday 22 May 2018, the court heard that at 11:30pm on Wednesday 24 January 2018, a police sergeant on duty saw Nathan Charles Rushby-Jones (aged 19 of Newland Park Drive, York) urinating off Micklegate, just six metres away from them. When challenged, he apologised.

In court, the magistrates found the offence proved in Mr Rusby-Jones’s absence and he was fined £250, ordered to pay costs of £300 and a £30 court surcharge.

At a hearing last month on 10 April 2018, the court heard that in the early hours of Saturday 13 January 2018, a North Yorkshire Police officer on patrol saw Gareth James Haycock (aged 24 of Chat Hill Road, Bradford) in Parliament Street deliberately urinating as he walked along the street. When challenged, he told the officer: “I don’t have any excuse for it.”

Mr Haycock has pleaded guilty by post and was given a £110 fine, £30 court surcharge and £150 costs. In sentencing the magistrates told Mr Haycock: “This was an act in full view of witnesses on Parliament Street, and we cannot tolerate this behaviour in York”.

Shortly after midnight on Friday 9 February 2018, a PCSO on patrol also in Parliament Street York saw James McCallum (aged 20 of Prospect Court, Batley) urinating against a bank cash machine. Initially Mr McCallum denied the offence claiming he was withdrawing cash but later admitted the offence.

Also at the hearing on 10 April 2018, Mr McCallum pleaded guilty by post and was given a £72 fine, £30 court surcharge and £150 costs.

Cllr Helen Douglas, executive member for housing and safer neighbourhood at City of York Council, said: “All licensed premises have customer toilets as part of their licensing conditions and most people rightly use them. The minority who don’t create a costly health hazard to clean up as well as offending public decency. With the support of North Yorkshire Police and the courts, we reiterate that there is no excuse for fouling our streets in this way.”

Sergeant Nick Plumb, of North Yorkshire Police, said: “I hope these sentences send a clear message that this behaviour is completely unacceptable in our city. We will continue to work with the council to ensure offenders are dealt with appropriately."

Posted on 25 May 2018 at 02:00pm in News stories
