```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-01-22T12:00:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Claire Louise Brewitt of Darcy Road, Selby was handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) back in June 2017, after falsely making a number of emergency calls to police, and wasting police time. That CBO explicitly stated that Brewitt should not contact North Yorkshire Police via 999 or 101, either directly or via a third party, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/BREWITT-Claire-Louise-08121982-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Selby woman with \u2018flagrant disregard\u2019 for court order given prison sentence for numerous false calls to police - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selby-woman-with-flagrant-disregard-for-court-order-given-prison-sentence-for-numerous-false-calls-to-police/
title: "Selby woman with \u2018flagrant disregard\u2019 for court order given prison sentence for numerous false calls to police"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selby-woman-with-flagrant-disregard-for-court-order-given-prison-sentence-for-numerous-false-calls-to-police/
```

Last modified: 22 January 2020 at 12:00pm

A 37-year-old woman from Selby has been sent to prison for 20 weeks and had a Criminal Behaviour Order extended for a further three years, for continually breaking her court order to not make false calls to North Yorkshire Police

Claire Louise Brewitt of Darcy Road, Selby was handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) back in June 2017, after falsely making a number of emergency calls to police, and wasting police time.

That CBO explicitly stated that Brewitt should not contact North Yorkshire Police via 999 or 101, either directly or via a third party, unless a genuine emergency was taking place which required immediate assistance.

However, Brewitt ignored the order and between 8 February 2018 and 27 April 2019 contacted the police, via the 999 emergency number, on at least 14 separate occasions – in some instances calling 999 multiple times – to report a range of offences, and one time to report her dog missing. Every time police attended, eye witnesses confirmed that no incident had taken place and Brewitt herself claimed to have no recollection of making the phone call to police.

She appeared at York Magistrates on 17 January 2020 and pleaded guilty to breaking the order. She was handed a prison sentence and her Criminal Behaviour Order was extended by a further three years.

Commenting on the sentence handed to Brewitt, Police Constable David White from the Safer Selby Hub said;

“The sentence handed to Brewitt is a reflection of the seriousness of the offences she continually committed. Making false reports to police via 999 is irresponsible and dangerous. That false emergency call could prevent a person, who is in an emergency situation, from receiving the speedy response they require. It diverts police attention away from those who genuinely need it and causes a constant drain on police resources.

“I hope this sends a message out to those who may think it’s a bit of a laugh to make a false 999 call, there can be serious consequences to your behaviour – both for yourself and those who’s safety you put in jeopardy with your irresponsible behaviour."

Posted on 22 January 2020 at 12:00pm in News stories
