```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-22T08:04:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-22T04:30:41+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "New research produced for this year&#8217;s Get Safe Online Week &#8211; which starts today (Monday 22 October 2018) &#8211; has revealed that the nation is sleepwalking towards fraud with the problem being so severe that 21 people are targeted every minute as a result of unwittingly \u2018oversharing\u2019 on social media. Despite half the nation falling [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/10/GSO-Week_Instagram_post-4-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Get Safe Online Week: 21 Brits defrauded every minute because of oversharing on social media - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/get-safe-online-week-21-brits-defrauded-every-minute-because-of-oversharing-on-social-media/
title: 'Get Safe Online Week: 21 Brits defrauded every minute because of oversharing on social media'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/get-safe-online-week-21-brits-defrauded-every-minute-because-of-oversharing-on-social-media/
```

Last modified: 22 October 2018 at 09:04am

• Brits are unaware of privacy invasion risks associated with oversharing, as over a third of the nation (39%) have experienced fraudulent activity because of oversharing on social media platforms • Alarmingly, almost half (49%) don’t perceive posts associated with revealing or nude photos as oversharing • Brits are so oblivious that of those who have been defrauded, a quarter (26%) didn’t realise they’d been targeted, one in five (22%) did nothing – and almost a third of those polled (32%) just ignored it

New research produced for this year's Get Safe Online Week - which starts today (Monday 22 October 2018) - has revealed that the nation is sleepwalking towards fraud with the problem being so severe that 21 people are targeted every minute as a result of unwittingly ‘oversharing’ on social media.

Despite half the nation falling victim to fraud due to oversharing, a quarter (26%) didn’t realise they’d been targeted, one in five (22%) did nothing – and almost a third of those polled (32%) just ignored it.

It seems part of the issue is that Brits are unclear as to what constitutes oversharing online and the dangers associated, which include identity fraud, theft and privacy invasion. To help tackle the issue, the online safety experts have teamed up with an army of influencers including James McVey, Mark Ferris and Matthew Wright who will share their personal oversharing experiences on Instagram with **#beawareofwhatyoushare** whilst asking friends to join the movement and do the same.

The data also revealed that we are a nation all about validation as a quarter (23%) of those surveyed stated they use social media to show off about their holidays, one in five (20%) use it to let connections know about life milestones such as buying a house and one in ten (11%) use their profiles to brag about their newest purchases or to project a fantasy version of who they wish they were.

Whilst it might be deemed harmless, a simple location tag alerts people to an unoccupied home and repeated location sharing could encourage predatory behaviour. Indeed, this behaviour might be why half the nation (46%) have received new followers or follow request from strangers.

**Tony Neate, CEO of Get Safe Online** , says: “People are increasingly oversharing on social media and apps without thinking about the consequences, which is why this Get Safe Online Week, we’re reminding you that you don’t always have to give everything about yourself away on social media or your apps.

“Seemingly harmless posts, photos and details in your profile could actually leave your privacy exposed. An innocent location check-in or a photo of your new driving licence for example could be invaluable to criminals, who are expert at putting together snippets about you to build a bigger picture with a view to defrauding you or stealing your identity.

“Think through not just what you’re sharing but who you’re sharing it with. For instance, if you have an open social media account, you’re sharing with the whole world, not just with the people in your own groups. Even if it’s set to private, you can’t be sure it hasn’t been passed on.

“For your own privacy and safety’s sake, some things are better kept offline or private, so always be aware of what you share.”

**Top 5 risks to be aware of:**

 * Different social media channels might require different levels of privacy. For example, Facebook settings should be on private as the way we use the platform is different to Twitter or Instagram where the platforms are more suitable to being open
 * When you enter your details to a website or app, always check terms and conditions, and even then be careful what you’re agreeing to others knowing about you or your account
 * Posting and sharing photos of when you’re away on holiday or business could be signalling that your home is empty. Remember that today’s burglars are as social media savvy as you are
 * Turn off location services in app settings on your and your kids’ mobile devices: that’s social media apps, cameras and any others that might reveal location. This isn’t just about privacy, but also you and your family’s personal safety
 * Think twice about posts and photos you’re sharing. Driving licences, passports, some letters and other documents contain sensitive information that you need to prove your ID

**To find out more on how to take better precautions, please visit** **facebook.com/GetSafeOnline** **or @GetSafeOnline on Twitter.**

**Or, join the social movement and post your #beawareofwhatyoushare image to help raise awareness.**

**_The government’s Cyber Aware campaign provides advice on how to protect yourself online. Visit cyberaware.gov.uk to learn about the simple steps you can take to stay cyber secure._**

Posted on 22 October 2018 at 05:30am in News stories
