```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:46:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-26T10:45:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious assault in Harrogate last night, Friday 25 September.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following serious assault in Harrogate - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-assault-harrogate/
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious assault in Harrogate
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-witnesses-following-serious-assault-harrogate/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:46am

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious assault in Harrogate last night, Friday 25 September.

The incident occurred at around 9.15pm at a property in Chatsworth road. Upon arrival, officers found a man and a woman, both having sustained injuries from what is believed to be a large bladed weapon. Their injuries are not life threatening. The man, 38 was taken to hospital for treatment.

A 27 year woman was arrested at the scene on suspicion of wounding with intent. She has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

A 29 year old man was also arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent and has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Police are appealing for information about two men who were seen in Chatsworth Road at the time of the incident.

One of the men is described as white, between 20 and 30 years old with short mousey brown hair, 5ft 9″ - 5ft 10″ tall, of medium/athletic build and was wearing a grey jumper.

The other man is described as white, of skinny build with a shaved head and was wearing a grey hooded top. He is believed to be slightly shorter in height than the other man.

Anyone who saw men of these descriptions in the Chatsworth Road area last night, Friday 25 September, is asked to contact the police.

In addition, the large bladed weapon has not yet been found. Police are also urging members of the public to get in touch if they have seen an object of this description discarded somewhere in the area.

Dial 101, press option 2 and ask for the Harrogate Serious Crime Team.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contact anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150169960 when passing on information about the incident.

26 September 2015.

Posted on 26 September 2015 at 10:45am in News stories
