```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-05-05T09:27:38+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police were called to a report of an incident in the Leeman Road area of York at about 12.45pm on Monday 4 May 2020. Witnesses reported hearing bangs and seeing a group of people running away from the scene. On arrival, officers located a man in his 30s, who had suffered a serious head injury. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man injured in York incident - arrests made as enquiries continue - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-injured-in-york-incident-arrests-made-as-enquiries-continue/
title: Man injured in York incident - arrests made as enquiries continue
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-injured-in-york-incident-arrests-made-as-enquiries-continue/
```

Last modified: 5 May 2020 at 10:27am

A man has been treated in hospital for a serious head injury after an incident in York.

Police were called to a report of an incident in the Leeman Road area of York at about 12.45pm on Monday 4 May 2020.

Witnesses reported hearing bangs and seeing a group of people running away from the scene.

On arrival, officers located a man in his 30s, who had suffered a serious head injury. He was taken to hospital by ambulance, where he continues to receive treatment. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

A blank shell casing (ammunition without a bullet) was recovered nearby.

In the early hours of this morning, a man and a woman, both aged in the their 20s, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm. They remain in custody at this time.

DCI Nichola Holden, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "York residents will recognise that a serious incident like this is very rare in the city. I know people will naturally be concerned by what has happened, but they can be reassured that an extensive investigation is well underway, and we have made a number of arrests.

"Officers have been conducting door-to-door enquiries in the Leeman Road area, and the Neighbourhood Policing Team will be carrying out extra patrols today to provide further reassurance.

"I would ask anyone with information about the incident, who hasn't already spoken to the police, to do so by calling 101, selecting option 2 and asking for York CID. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference number 12200074089 when passing information."

Posted on 5 May 2020 at 10:27am in News stories
