```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-14T12:53:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-14T12:52:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We\u2019re looking for talented young artists and designers to give our Lifestyle Challenge logo an overhaul. Just in case you haven\u2019t heard of it, our Lifestyle Challenge is a competition that we run across the summer holidays every year, where we challenge kids across York and North Yorkshire to come up with a great project [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/05/Lifestyle-Logo-2019-300x132.gif
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Calling all budding young artists and designers - North Yorkshire Police needs you! - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/calling-all-budding-young-artists-and-designers-north-yorkshire-police-needs-you/
title: Calling all budding young artists and designers - North Yorkshire Police needs you!
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/calling-all-budding-young-artists-and-designers-north-yorkshire-police-needs-you/
```

Last modified: 14 February 2020 at 12:53pm

Wondering what to do over the half term break? Don’t want to sit around bored? Well, how about entering our Lifestyle logo competition and having a chance at winning a Sony Cybershot camera?

We’re looking for talented young artists and designers to give our Lifestyle Challenge logo an overhaul.

Just in case you haven’t heard of it, our Lifestyle Challenge is a competition that we run across the summer holidays every year, where we challenge kids across York and North Yorkshire to come up with a great project which benefits their street, their local community or their environment and then deliver it! We then celebrate everyone’s success at a glittering awards ceremony at York racecourse later in the year.

So, we’re currently working away on plans for this year’s challenge, but in the meantime, we think our Lifestyle logo needs a redesign and who better to ask than they talented children of York and North Yorkshire!

A picture of our current logo is below, but we think you can come up with better.

You can use any colour, design, font or typeface you like. The only thing we ask is that you include the words - ** "LIFESTYLE – make a difference in your community!**"

Once you’ve created your design, take a picture of it, or if you have created it digitally, send it as a PDF attachment to lifestyle@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk by **Tuesday 31 March 2020**.

The winning design will receive a fantastic Sony Cybershot camera which will be presented at the Lifestyle Awards ceremony later on this year.

So get creating – we can’t wait to see what you come up with!!

**Competition open to children in York and North Yorkshire under the age of 18**

Posted on 14 February 2020 at 12:52pm in News stories
