```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-10T15:42:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-10T14:30:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: An employment tribunal has upheld allegations of racial discrimination made by former Police Sergeant Zaheer Ahmed.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Employment tribunal result - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/employment-tribunal-result/
title: Employment tribunal result
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/employment-tribunal-result/
```

Last modified: 10 May 2018 at 04:42pm

An employment tribunal has upheld Mr Zaheer Ahmed’s allegations of racial discrimination against North Yorkshire Police.

The employment tribunal, led by Employment Judge Shepherd, concluded that Mr Ahmed – formerly a Sergeant at North Yorkshire Police - was subjected to unconscious race discrimination, plus two instances of direct discrimination, due to his Pakistani ethnic origin.

The tribunal decided that a white police sergeant who had passed his or her Inspectors’ exams would have faced fewer obstacles to progression to the role of Inspector than Mr Ahmed experienced.

Commenting on the judgement, Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver of North Yorkshire Police said:

“Racial discrimination has no place in the police service, or in society, and consequently any finding of discrimination is a matter of the gravest concern.

“Policing has come a long way in addressing overt discrimination, but that is not enough. We also have to help all of our officers, staff and volunteers to understand the issue of unconscious bias. We want to provide a working environment where people from all parts of the community can thrive, and we can only do that if we have an organisational culture built on fairness for everyone. We are actively working on that.

“The employment tribunal recognised the work that North Yorkshire Police is doing in its Positive Action Programme to improve the diversity of its workforce, which has a particular focus on the recruitment, retention and progression of people from black and minority ethnic backgrounds. The Programme has some real momentum behind it, and we will continue to drive it through all parts of the organisation.

“North Yorkshire Police employs 44* police officers and police staff from black or minority ethnic backgrounds, and we are absolutely committed to making sure that every single one of those people has every possible chance to thrive in our organisation. I want to assure them, and future recruits, that the findings of this employment tribunal has strengthened our resolve even more.

“We will now reflect on the employment tribunal’s full judgment very carefully and consider what further action needs to be taken.”

**Notes to editors:**

* This figure was taken from official NYP systems, correct as of 1 May 2018. It is a minimum figure because declaring ethnicity is not mandatory and there are 98 people employed at North Yorkshire Police who have chosen not to disclose their ethnicity in our official records.

The judgement of the employment tribunal clearly states that the tribunal had no jurisdiction to reach a conclusion on the basis of institutional racism and it had taken great care not to decide this case on that basis.

Posted on 10 May 2018 at 03:30pm in News stories
