```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-05-23T11:20:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-01-05T11:16:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Fresh from their success at the North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Challenge Award Ceremony, Team Lifestyle Caf\xE9 are once again holding a pop-up caf\xE9, this time to raise money for the victims of the York flood."
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/05/5Z7A03631-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Team Lifestyle Caf\xE9 - open for business again! - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/team-lifestyle-cafe-open-business/
title: "Team Lifestyle Caf\xE9 - open for business again!"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/team-lifestyle-cafe-open-business/
```

Last modified: 23 May 2016 at 11:20am

Fresh from their success at the North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Challenge Award Ceremony, Team Lifestyle Café are once again holding a pop-up café, this time to raise money for the victims of the York flood.

Luke, Lellie, Jimmy, Ethan and Aidan aged between 10 and 13 are all from York and worked together over the summer holiday to hold a series of pop-up cafés on the Knavesmire to raise money for local good causes as well as to encourage the local community to get together and make new friends.

They won the Safer York award at the Lifestyle Award Ceremony held at the Racecourse last November - but the community-minded youngsters decided they weren't going to stop there. After the floods that hit York on Boxing Day, Aidan and Ethan wanted to do something to help and opening the café again seemed the obvious solution. Mother of the two boys Claire Robertson said: "The boys had seen the effect of the floods on the local people and really wanted to do something to help the residents out. They suggested having another pop-up café to raise funds, so we got together with the other team members and everyone thought it was a great idea."

The North Yorkshire Police Lifestyle Challenge is held every year and encourages young people to carry out community based projects over the summer holidays. Youth Engagement Officer PC Suzanne Asquith said: "The pop-up café was such a success over the summer and it's great to see young people being so community-focused - that's what our Lifestyle Challenge is all about. I would encourage everyone to head along to the café on Saturday to show their support for those affected by the floods and to meet the team behind this fund-raising initiative."

The café will be held outside 128 Knavesmire Crescent on Saturday 9 January from 10.30am to 2.30pm, serving cakes, sandwiches and tea with the five youngsters serving tables. All money raised will be going to the York Flood appeal.

Posted on 5 January 2016 at 11:16am in News stories
