```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-01-28T15:17:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened at Cancer Support Yorkshire pre-loved shop, on Belmont Wharfe, Skipton at approx 11pm on Sunday 27 January 2019. We are requesting the public\u2019s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the area [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary in Skipton charity shop - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-in-skipton-charity-shop/
title: Appeal following burglary in Skipton charity shop
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglary-in-skipton-charity-shop/
```

Last modified: 28 January 2019 at 03:17pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a burglary that occurred in Skipton.

It happened at Cancer Support Yorkshire pre-loved shop, on Belmont Wharfe, Skipton at approx 11pm on Sunday 27 January 2019.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the area around this time.

PC Rich Sutcliffe from Skipton Police, who is investigating the offence,said:

"This break-in took place at time when there may still have been people around the town centre leaving pubs or restaurants.

"The offender used a rock from nearby road works to smash a large hole in the door window of the shop so must have made some noise.

"We know an audible burglar alarm at the shop was activated at the time. A bright pink plastic Cancer Support Yorkshire charity box was stolen with a small amount of money in and also the cash drawer from a computerised till which was in fact empty - I believe the offender will have fled the scene on foot.

"Any burglary is distressing but this involves a cancer charity so is especially sad for those involved with running the shop and also those who benefit from funds raised there.

"I appeal for anyone who may have any information, no matter how small to get in touch with me. You may just hold a key piece of information which could help bring this offender to justice."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Rich Sutcliffe. You can also email richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190016599.

Follow us on Twitter: @KiloSierra1728

Contact details:
 Rich Sutcliffe \- #1728
richard.sutcliffe@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31728
Incident reference:
 12190016599
Posted on 28 January 2019 at 03:17pm in Local appeals
