```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-05T17:34:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-05T17:33:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: From Monday 5 February 2018, experienced Detective Constables and Authorised Firearms Officers will have the opportunity to apply to work in North Yorkshire before the recruitment window closes on Wednesday 21 February 2018. The scheme to recruit transferees comes just months after North Yorkshire Police achieved record numbers of applications for its new Police Officers [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Transferee recruitment launches in North Yorkshire months after record numbers apply to become a PC - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/transferee-recruitment-launches-north-yorkshire-months-record-numbers-apply-become-pc/
title: Transferee recruitment launches in North Yorkshire months after record numbers apply to become a PC
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/transferee-recruitment-launches-north-yorkshire-months-record-numbers-apply-become-pc/
```

Last modified: 5 February 2018 at 05:34pm

North Yorkshire Police has today launched a recruitment drive for transferee police officers from other forces across England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland to join the force.

From Monday 5 February 2018, experienced Detective Constables and Authorised Firearms Officers will have the opportunity to apply to work in North Yorkshire before the recruitment window closes on Wednesday 21 February 2018.

The scheme to recruit transferees comes just months after North Yorkshire Police achieved record numbers of applications for its new Police Officers positions, with over 1,200 applications, in what was its first external recruitment drive for PCs in a year and half.

The force actively recruits transferees from other forces for certain roles in an effort to get an excellent balance of knowledge and experience in their workforce.

In particular, women, black and minority ethnic candidates and candidates from the LGBT community are particularly encouraged to apply, as members of these groups are currently under-represented in these role compared to local demographics. All appointments are made on merit.

Commenting on the launch of the new drive, Chief Constable Dave Jones said:

“This is an exciting opportunity for experienced officers who have had the opportunity to gain experience elsewhere and are looking to take the next step in their career to join our team.

“We are investing in new technologies, and developing new ways of working, that will help us to keep the public safe.

“However, the most important resource in any organisation is its people, so welcoming new talent, including both new and experienced officers, is vital in helping us to achieve our vision of being an exemplary service.

"So, if you have the experience, motivation and ambition to match our own, I hope you will consider joining us and I wish you the very best of luck in the application process.”

Assistant Chief Constable Amanda Oliver, who joined North Yorkshire Police as a transferee in 2009 said:

“Having spent most of my career at Cleveland Police, I joined North Yorkshire Police as Superintendent in 2009 before becoming Assistant Chief Constable in 2017.

“I think like many officers who decide to transfer here, it was the diversity of the policing challenge such as the City Of York, large geography and vast rural areas of North Yorkshire which first attracted me to apply here.

“Transferring to North Yorkshire Police was one of the best things I ever did and I’d recommend it to any officer, at any level, who is ready for a new challenge to give it a go.”

The recruitment process for experienced Detective Constables and Authorised Firearms Officers to join North Yorkshire Police launches today and closes at midday on Wednesday 28 February 2018.

For more information, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/jobs/transferring

Posted on 5 February 2018 at 05:33pm in News stories
