```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-26T15:56:12+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued CCTV images of three men after a barrier was damaged in the rural Selby area.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/06/Great-Heck-CCTV-300x104.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: CCTV appeal after rural Selby industrial site barrier damage - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-rural-selby-industrial-site-barrier-damage/
title: CCTV appeal after rural Selby industrial site barrier damage
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cctv-appeal-rural-selby-industrial-site-barrier-damage/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police have issued CCTV images of three men after a barrier was damaged in the rural Selby area.

On the afternoon of Saturday 3 June 2017, a car entered an industrial site at Great Heck, near Selby. It is believed the occupants were coarse fishing in a nearby pond without permission.

On leaving the site, they found that the steel entrance barrier was down, and proceeded to force it upwards, causing damage to its mechanics, in order to get their car out of the site.

Anyone who recognises any of the three men pictured on CCTV is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC Sally Smith or Selby Police; or email sally.smith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference 12170097683 when passing information.

Last year, North Yorkshire Police joined a new initiative to tackle illegal fishing and associated criminality.

The national campaign, Operation Traverse, is co-ordinated by the Angling Trust, and aims to encourage the angling community to report suspicious activity.

Inspector Jon Grainge, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: "Anyone involved in this criminality may also be involved in anti-social behaviour and other theft and wildlife crimes in rural locations, so it’s really important that people continue to report suspicious activity to police or the Environment Agency."

Posted on 26 June 2017 at 04:56pm in News stories
