```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:40:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-30T13:20:36+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident involved a number of people, during which the suspect allegedly\_assaulted\_a 54-year old local man\_by punching him in the face and another man\_by landing a number of punches to his head\_and\_body. The man punched in the face was knocked unconscious and was later taken by ambulance\_to James Cook University Hospital for treatment. A 23-year-old [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Whitby: Appeal for witnesses following assault - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-recent-assault/
title: 'Whitby: Appeal for witnesses following assault'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-recent-assault/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:40am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred on Wellington Road, Whitby, at 1.35am on Sunday 29 April 2018.

The incident involved a number of people, during which the suspect allegedly assaulted a 54-year old local man by punching him in the face and another man by landing a number of punches to his head and body.

The man punched in the face was knocked unconscious and was later taken by ambulance to James Cook University Hospital for treatment.

A 23-year-old man from Whitby was arrested at the scene and later bailed pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for anyone who witnessed the assault to come forward.

Additionally, it is believed the suspect assaulted a number of other people immediately prior to the incident in which the victim was knocked unconscious. We urge those people to come forward.

The suspect is described as white, aged 23, 6ft 2in tall , medium build, with short brown hair . He was wearing a long-sleeved pink shirt with thin vertical white stripes, dark blue jeans and brown suede boots.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nick Durkin. You can also email nick.durkin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number: 12180073336

Contact details:
 nick durkin \- #1287
nick.durkin@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609643406
Incident reference:
 12180073336
Posted on 30 April 2018 at 02:20pm in Local appeals
