```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-12T10:38:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-11T11:33:59+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Officers were called to Bradley\u2019s Jewellers in Barker\u2019s Arcade (Market Row) at around 10am after a man stole a large amount of jewellery. Then man then ran off down the arcade and into the Applegarth where he rode on a bicycle towards Applegarth Primary School. The man was wearing a crash helmet and boiler suit. [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Urgent appeal after large amount of jewellery stolen from Northallerton store - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/urgent-appeal-after-large-amount-of-jewellery-stolen-from-northallerton-store/
title: Urgent appeal after large amount of jewellery stolen from Northallerton store
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/urgent-appeal-after-large-amount-of-jewellery-stolen-from-northallerton-store/
```

Last modified: 12 March 2019 at 10:38am

UPDATED APPEAL: Residents in three Northallerton roads are being urged to check their gardens, bins and outbuildings for items potentially linked to the theft of a large amount of jewellery in the town yesterday (Monday, 11 March).

Officers were called to Bradley’s Jewellers in Barker’s Arcade (Market Row) at around 10am after a man stole a large amount of jewellery.

Then man then ran off down the arcade and into the Applegarth where he rode on a bicycle towards Applegarth Primary School. The man was wearing a crash helmet and boiler suit.

Officers are now asking residents who live on Springwell Lane, Weavers Green and Malpass Road to check their gardens for any items, such as discarded crash helmets or overalls, which could connect to this offence. If any of these items are found, please do not touch or move them but contact North Yorkshire Police as a matter of urgency.

Anyone who can assist with the investigation is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police quoting reference NYP-11032019-0107.
Alternatively, if you can provide information but wish to remain anonymous then the independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

**APPEAL ISSUED ON MONDAY, 11 MARCH:** Police in Northallerton have issued an urgent appeal after a man wearing a boiler suit and crash helmet entered Bradley's jewellers in Barker's Arcade (Market Row) at around 10am this morning (11 March 2019) and stole a large amount of jewellery.

The man then ran off down the arcade and into the Applegarth where he rode off on a bicycle towards Applegarth Primary School.

Police are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw a man dressed in a boiler suit and crash helmet, either before or after the incident or saw him riding a bike in Northallerton to contact them.

Police are currently searching for the man.

Anyone who believes they have seen him or can help identify him is asked to contact police on 999 with an immediate sighting or 101 with any other information. Please quote incident number 107 of 11 March.

Posted on 11 March 2019 at 11:33am in News stories
