```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:59:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-11-23T16:57:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Extensive police enquiries are ongoing and river searches have resumed in the effort to find Rory Johnson in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Search continues in York for Rory Johnson - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/search-continues-york-rory-johnson/
title: Search continues in York for Rory Johnson
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/search-continues-york-rory-johnson/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:59pm

Extensive police enquiries are ongoing and river searches have resumed in the effort to find Rory Johnson in York.

The 29-year-old from Skipton was last seen by the friend he travelled to York with at 12.15am on Friday 20 November 2015, when Rory left the York Central Travel Lodge on Piccadilly where they were staying the night.

It has been established that Rory went to a nearby pub with a fellow hotel guest having earlier met him and his father in The Postern Gate Wetherspoon pub at around 11.30pm on Thursday.

Enquiries indicate that Rory left the pub at about 12.30am. The other man had assumed he had gone to the toilet or returned to the hotel.

One line of enquiry is that Rory may have got into difficulty while walking near the River Ouse in the Castle Mills area at around that time.

Concern for Rory was raised after he failed to return to the hotel and he failed to turn up for work in Skipton on Friday evening. His mobile phone kept going to answer phone and there has been no activity on his Facebook page which he updated regularly. Rory has also not been in contact with his family which is out of character.

The Humberside Police Underwater Search Unit and the York Rescue Boat searched the River Ouse on Sunday. They have returned today (Monday) to continue the water searches as part of the wider missing person investigation to establish Rory's movements and associations in York.

Rory's family are being supported by specialist police officers at this very distressing time.

Anyone who recall seeing Rory or someone matching his description in York on Thursday evening or Friday, are urged to get in touch with the police without delay.

Rory is white, aged 29, 5ft 11in tall, slim build, with short blond hair. He was wearing a round-neck black top, blue jeans and white and navy trainers.

Anyone who can help is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Please quote reference number 12150207141.

**23 November 2015**

Posted on 23 November 2015 at 04:57pm in News stories
