```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-12T13:22:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two men who raped a woman outside a nightclub in Northallerton are beginning long jail sentences.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2015/02/Kristofer_McLaren.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Northallerton nightclub rapists jailed - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-nightclub-rapists-jailed/
title: Northallerton nightclub rapists jailed
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/northallerton-nightclub-rapists-jailed/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Two men who raped a woman outside a nightclub in Northallerton are beginning long jail sentences.

View image

Kristofer McLaren and Craig Whitelaw, both aged 21, were each sentenced to nine years' imprisonment after being found guilty of rape at Teesside Crown Court on Thursday 12 February 2015.

Whitelaw was also found guilty of sexual assault.

McLaren, of Rymer Way, Thirsk, and Whitelaw, of Sutton, Thirsk, met the victim aged 18, in Amadeus Nightclub on Elder Road in Northallerton, before taking her outside and attacking her in the early hours of 10 August 2014.

Detective Inspector Fiona Wynne, of Northallerton Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit, welcomed the sentences.

She said: "I am delighted that justice has been delivered for the victim. She was subjected to a sustained attack by McLaren and Whitelaw. They treated her like a piece of meat and left her bleeding and distressed.

"They laughed and joked about it afterwards, even boasting to the taxi driver about what had just happened when they left the scene. I can't imagine how any woman would feel after such an ordeal, but it is particularly distressing that it was the victim's first sexual experience and she will have to live with that for the rest of her life."

DI Wynne added that the case highlights the fact that exploiting women who have been drinking is unacceptable.

She said: "This verdict sends out a positive message that it is simply not acceptable for men to exploit the fact that a woman has been drinking. When a woman says no, it means no. I am confident that both the defendants knew that and chose to ignore it.

"Their total disregard for her welfare was shocking and I hope they will both reflect on that in the months ahead and accept responsibility for what they have done."

The victim's family thanked the police and their partner organisations for the support they had shown their daughter throughout her ordeal:

"From the minute the police picked our daughter up she has been treated with the utmost respect and sympathy by everyone who has had contact with her.

"This includes every police officer involved, the support services and the court officials. We would like to extend our thanks to all concerned. Everyone has acted with a high degree of professionalism, but at the same time have been very kind. Thank you."

If you have been a victim of a sexual offence contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - we have specially trained officers who will treat you with sensitivity and in confidence. Always dial 999 if an emergency response is required.

You can also get help at the Sexual Offences Referral Centre (SARC), which is also known as Bridge House. At Bridge House you can get the help, support and advice you need without having to go directly to the police.

You can get in touch with Bridge House on 01904 669339 or visit www.turntobridgehouse.org

Posted on 12 February 2015 at 01:22pm in News stories
