```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-07T17:00:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-07T16:57:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Along with de-cluttering, this is also a great opportunity to expand your spring cleaning regime to include checking and upgrading your home security. This involves taking an objective and realistic look around your home, garage, sheds and other outbuildings and asking yourself the stark question: How easily could a hardened criminal break in? This type [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Spring-time home security measures to help keep opportunistic criminals at bay - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spring-time-home-security-measures-to-help-keep-opportunistic-criminals-at-away/
title: Spring-time home security measures to help keep opportunistic criminals at bay
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/spring-time-home-security-measures-to-help-keep-opportunistic-criminals-at-away/
```

Last modified: 7 March 2019 at 05:00pm

This time of year is usually associated with cleaning out the darkest corners of your home and generally off-loading items – either at local charity shops or the tip - that you no longer use or need.

Along with de-cluttering, this is also a great opportunity to expand your spring cleaning regime to include checking and upgrading your home security.

This involves taking an objective and realistic look around your home, garage, sheds and other outbuildings and asking yourself the stark question: How easily could a hardened criminal break in?

This type of offender is generally looking for easy pickings. They will take anything that is within easy reach and requires the minimal amount of effort or risk of being caught.

Be honest, have you popped to the shops and left a window open or the backdoor unlocked? Has the front door been unlocked when you’ve been busy upstairs or in the garden? Do you leave your car keys in open view or near doors? Do you keep a spare key under a garden plant pot?

The first and foremost weapon you have to keep criminals at bay is to lock doors and keep windows closed even when you’re at home. Even with the advances in security technology, this most basic and long-standing crime prevention measure remains very effective to this day.

It is also strongly recommend that you follow our key home security advice:

 * install a burglar alarm with a visible alarm box
 * fit a door chain and spyhole
 * keep all valuables and keys out of sight and out of reach of doors and windows
 * store high-value items in a hidden safe
 * mark your belongings and register them for free with Immobilise – www.immobilise.com
 * fit energy efficient security lighting
 * don’t leave spare keys in obvious places such as under doormats or plant pots
 * keep items that could be used to break into your property such as ladders, tools and wheelie bins stored safely away
 * lock side gates to prevent easy access to the rear of the property
 * check fencing regularly to keep it in good repair
 * use pea shingle on driveways or under windows, as it crunches loudly when stepped on
 * trim overgrown hedges and plants to remove hiding places and improve surveillance
 * use a timer switch to make your house look occupied, even when it isn’t
 * join a Neighbourhood Watch scheme
 * consider installing CCTV

Garages and sheds are often full of expensive tools and equipment that can easily be stolen, or used to break into the house. Many are unprotected and lack even basic security, making them a prime target for burglars.

That’s why you should never leave a garage or shed unlocked, especially if it has a connecting door to the house. Any connecting doors should be treated the same as an external door and be fitted with strong locks.

For extra security, make sure doors are strong and secure enough not to be kicked in. Fit strong padlocks and hardware to doors, fit locks or bars to windows, secure tools and machinery with anchor posts, install a battery or mains-powered shed alarm, mark all tools and machinery with your postcode and register them on Immobilise, and replace all external screws with anti-tamper screws.

For further crime prevention advice, please contact your local neighbourhood police team on 101 or go to the North Yorkshire Police website www.northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/home-security _._

There are also some excellent home security tips on the Secured by Design website

www.securedbydesign.com _._

Also, please remember to report any suspicious behaviour to North Yorkshire Police on 101.

If you believe there is a crime in progress or you feel threatened, always dial 999 for an emergency response.

Posted on 7 March 2019 at 04:57pm in News stories
