```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T12:04:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-03T12:04:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a commercial vehicle that occurred in Kilburn, near Thirsk.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of a van from Kilburn near Thirsk - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-van-kilburn-near-thirsk/
title: Theft of a van from Kilburn near Thirsk
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-van-kilburn-near-thirsk/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 12:04pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about the theft of a commercial vehicle that occurred in Kilburn, near Thirsk.

It happened just off Carr Lane, Kilburn between 5.00pm and 6.20pm on Wednesday 2nd September 2015 whereby a van was stolen with keys whilst it was stationary in the street.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the whereabouts of this vehicle now and those involved in its theft.

The vehicle that was stolen is described as a white coloured Vauxhall Vivaro panel van, VRM: YX07OFU; with sign writing in a company name of 'Yorkshire Landscapes' on all four aspects, which include company telephone numbers.

PC Grainge of Thirsk Police said "This is a vehicle belonged to a small rural North Yorkshire company and the loss of a fleet vehicle has had a massive impact in relation to the businesses output as well as the financial burden"

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Andy Grainge. You can also email andy.grainge@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150154848.

03/09/15

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150154848

Posted on 3 September 2015 at 12:04pm in News stories
