```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:11:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-03-02T14:10:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Today sees the first anniversary of the change in drug-driving legislation.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/drug_wipe_2-300x187.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: First anniversary of drug driving legislation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-anniversary-drug-driving-legislation/
title: First anniversary of drug driving legislation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/first-anniversary-drug-driving-legislation/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:11pm

Today sees the first anniversary of the change in drug-driving legislation.

On 2 March 2015 legislation was introduced which made it illegal to drive if you have one of 17 controlled drugs in your blood, above a specified limit.

Since the introduction of the legislation North Yorkshire Police have made 242 arrests for drug driving, with 108 people being charged with the offence and a further 50 to 60 currently on bail awaiting analysis results.

North Yorkshire Police now have more officers than ever, who have undergone specialist training to enable them to identify the tell-tale signs of drug taking. The detection of drug drivers has also become quicker and easier thanks to the introduction of drug wipe kits. Officers are now equipped with portable, easy-to- use, road side test drug tests which enable instant results through a simple saliva test. The tests are quick and straight forward and allow an officer to determine whether a drug is present in a individuals system in under 10 minutes.

To raise awareness about drug driving and how easy it is to be caught and prosecuted, the force has produced a film of the end-to-end process of being stopped, tested and arrested. The video, called 'over the limit under arrest' shows how quickly and easily a positive result can be returned and depicts the experience of being arrested and taken into custody. It can be viewed _here_or on the North Yorkshire Police _YouTube_ page.

Traffic Constable Andy Ingram, who appears in the film, said:
"The film depicts how we can use these simple, straightforward tools to detect if a person has been drug driving so we can get them off the road. In a few minutes we can receive a positive result and place someone under arrest."

"The message is clear - if you choose to take drugs and get behind the wheel, the likelihood is you'll be arrested."

Deputy Chief Constable Tim Madgwick said;
"We welcomed the introduction of this legislation last year - any additional powers which enable us to get dangerous drivers off the road and help us tackle road-safety issues is a positive step in the right direction."

"As an active partner in 95 Alive, we have seen a marked reduction in the number of fatal and serious accidents in North Yorkshire; however drug driving continues to be a serious threat to all road users. As such we are committed to targeted enforcement based on the intelligence provided by our investment in the ANPR network."

"We are currently running Operation Task, a roads enforcement activity at weekends when statistics show us drug driving is at its peak. On the first day of the operation two people were arrested for drug driving. The enforcement activity is set to continue for the next three weekends - those that choose to take drugs and get behind the wheel need to be aware that we are ready and waiting to detect, arrest and convict them."

2 March 2016

Posted on 2 March 2016 at 02:10pm in News stories
