```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:41:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-24T17:08:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a distraction burglary in Limestone Road in Burniston, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following distraction burglary in Burniston - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-distraction-burglary-burniston/
title: Appeal following distraction burglary in Burniston
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-distraction-burglary-burniston/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:41am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a distraction burglary in Limestone Road in Burniston, Scarborough.

It happened at approximately 12pm on 9 January 2018 and involved a man described as white, aged in his fifties, 5'6″ in height and average build.

The elderly resident of the property employs a legitimate cleaning company to look after her home. Following their visit, the offender has knocked on the door of the resident claiming to be a representative from the cleaning company telling them that he needed to check on the standard of the work carried out at the property earlier. The offender has been allowed access to the resident's home where he has searched the bedroom area and gone through the resident's handbag.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish if any other residents have had callers to their door using a similar same story, or if they saw anything suspicious in the area at the time. Anyone with any information who could help identify the man or any vehicle involved is asked to contact police.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC434 Will Lane.

You can also email will.lane@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180013320.

Contact details:
 Will Lane \- #0434
will.lane@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01723383623 (town hall Scarborough)
Incident reference:
 12180013320
Posted on 24 January 2018 at 05:08pm in Local appeals
