```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-22T11:42:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened in the Hopgrove area by the overpass, in the direction of the Toby Carvery restaurant at 2.20pm on Saturday, 14 July. It involved a red Land Rover and a grey Volvo XC60. Following the incident, both vehicles drove to Monks Cross and around the Asda/Sainsbury&#8217;s roundabout multiple times before separating. Both vehicles have [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Driver injured in incident with another motorists in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-injured-in-altercation/
title: Driver injured in incident with another motorists in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/driver-injured-in-altercation/
```

Last modified: 22 July 2019 at 12:42pm

Police are appealing for witnesses after a driver was hurt during an altercation in York.

It happened in the Hopgrove area by the overpass, in the direction of the Toby Carvery restaurant at 2.20pm on Saturday, 14 July.

It involved a red Land Rover and a grey Volvo XC60. Following the incident, both vehicles drove to Monks Cross and around the Asda/Sainsbury's roundabout multiple times before separating.

Both vehicles have been identified and drivers have been spoken to. North Yorkshire Police is requesting any witnesses to come forward to help the investigation.

The driver of one of the vehicles was left with bruising and deep grazes to his right foot.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the actions of both parties involved, in regards to any verbal/physical interaction and vehicle movements.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Ben Hepworth. You can also email Ben.Hepworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190127514.

Contact details:
 Ben HEPWORTH \- #685
Ben.Hepworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101, opt 2, ext 30685
Incident reference:
 12190127514
Posted on 22 July 2019 at 12:42pm in Local appeals
