```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T13:09:40+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-11T13:09:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious injury collision that occurred on Hollow Gill Brow between Rathmell and Wigglesworth, Settle.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fail to stop collision near Settle - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fail-stop-collision-near-settle/
title: Fail to stop collision near Settle
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fail-stop-collision-near-settle/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 01:09pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a serious injury collision that occurred on Hollow Gill Brow between Rathmell and Wigglesworth, Settle.

The collision happened at about 17:35 hours on Thursday 10 September on Hollow Gill Brow at Rathmell and involved a motorcycle traveling from Wigglesworth towards Rathmell as it does it is confronted with a white Ford Transit style van travelling of the wrong side of the road on a bend, forcing the rider of the bike off the road which resulted in serious injury to him.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the white transit style van which failed to stop at the scene of the collision, which is described as a very new looking. Anyone who was using the road that evening who can remember details of a white van which may have been travelling at speed towards Wigglesworth.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Tim Healey. You can also email Timothy.Healey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150159775.

**11 September 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150159775

Posted on 11 September 2015 at 01:09pm in News stories
