```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-22T09:15:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Rogue trader incident that occurred in Haxby, York
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rogue Trader incident in Haxby, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rogue-trader-incident-haxby-york/
title: Rogue Trader incident in Haxby, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rogue-trader-incident-haxby-york/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a Rogue trader incident that occurred in Haxby, York

It happened on Sandringham Close, Haxby during the day on the 20 May 2017 and involved a vulnerable elderly resident.

Unknown men knocked on the door of the resident and offered to do some roofing work that they (the suspects) said needed doing. These suspects would do the work for cash only. A neighbour enquired as to business of these males, who then left the area with £500 from the vulnerable elderly male.

The three suspects are all described as white men. It is believed one of the men had an Irish accent is described as being tall, thin with short black hair and a short black beard. He was also wearing all dark clothing.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the three men and the vehicle they have travelled in.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC 425 Nik Jackson. You can also email nikki.jackson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170086605.

Date 21/05/17

***************************************

Contact details:
 Nik Jackson \- #0425
nikki.jackson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170086605
Posted on 22 May 2017 at 09:15am in Local appeals
