```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:42:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-25T11:54:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It\_happened\_in the alley between Link Walk and High Street at 7.30am on Saturday 19 August 2017. It is believed that\_two women and man assaulted another\_woman in an attempted robbery. The two\_women are described as being aged late 20s\_to early 30s. They had their hair in\_ponytails and were wearing tracksuits and white trainers. The man is [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/08//Untitled.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempt-robbery/
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-attempt-robbery/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:42am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery that occurred in Eastfield, Scarborough.

It happened in the alley between Link Walk and High Street at 7.30am on Saturday 19 August 2017. It is believed that two women and man assaulted another woman in an attempted robbery.

The two women are described as being aged late 20s to early 30s. They had their hair in ponytails and were wearing tracksuits and white trainers. The man is described as being aged late 20s to early 30s, 5ft 10ins tall and was wearing a zip top hoody, tracksuit bottoms and combat boots.

The female victim suffered severe bruising to her face, body and ankle as a result of the assault and was treated at Scarborough hospital, before being discharged.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information regarding any people matching the above descriptions seen in the vicinity of the High Street at the time of the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Jacob Rushworth. You can also email Jacob.rushworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170150363.

Contact details:
 Jacob RUSHWORTH \- #0004
jacob.rushworth@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 30004
Incident reference:
 12170150363
Posted on 25 August 2017 at 12:54pm in Local appeals
