```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:11:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-04-08T10:10:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A woman caught running a brothel from a Thai massage parlour in Scarborough has been handed an eight-month suspended prison sentence.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Sexual health warning to unknown clients following sentencing of Scarborough brothel boss - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sexual-health-warning-unknown-clients-following-sentencing-scarborough-brothel-boss/
title: Sexual health warning to unknown clients following sentencing of Scarborough brothel boss
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/sexual-health-warning-unknown-clients-following-sentencing-scarborough-brothel-boss/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:11am

A woman caught running a brothel from a Thai massage parlour in Scarborough has been handed an eight-month suspended prison sentence.

Natwlai Beck, 48, known as Netty, appeared at Teesside Crown Court on Thursday (7 April 2016) after earlier pleading guilty to secretly managing a brothel at her San Sabai business on Albermarle Crescent.

She also has to undertake 100 hours of community work and pay a victim surcharge of £100.

Beck's suspected offending was investigated by North Yorkshire Police who established that she and another Thai woman were charging for sexual favours on top of legitimate massage services.

Between 18 August and 27 November 2014, around 72 sexual acts were believed to have taken place including full sex, oral sex and masturbation.

Beck was arrested at the premises on 27 November 2014 and she was charged on 22 May 2015 with managing a brothel.

She pleaded guilty to the offence at Scarborough Magistrates' Court on 22 June 2015 where the case was committed to Crown Court for sentencing.

Detective Inspector Glenn Kelly, of the Scarborough and Ryedale Serious Crime Team, said: "From our extensive investigation, it was apparent that Netty Beck had resorted to prostitution at her massage parlour as a way to earn extra money to fund a gambling problem and to live on following the split with her husband.

"While we have found no evidence of a wider criminal conspiracy, prostitution and managing a brothel is a very serious matter which required swift police action."

DI Kelly said the male clients who were identified during the course of the investigation have been advised by Public Health England to seek medical attention to guard against the spread of sexually transmitted infections.

He added: "We believe there were a number of other men who possibly engaged in sexual activity at the San Sabai massage parlour on Albermarle Crescent in Scarborough. To minimise the risk, our strong advice is to refer themselves to a sexual health clinic or their GP for a sexual health check-up as soon as possible."

**Sexual health advice and information**

If you have had unprotected sex, you might have a sexually transmitted infection (STI).

If you have an STI you might not have any symptoms. Infections can be harmful to you and your partner's health - now and in the future - if you don't get them treated.

Testing is free and confidential.

Your results will not be shared with anyone.

**How to get tested**

There are several ways to get a sexual health check:

* Ring 01904 721111 to make an appointment at a sexual health clinic in Scarborough, York, Malton or Whitby - seewww.yorsexualhealth.org.uk for more details

* Drop in to The Mulberry Unit, Northway, Scarborough on a Tuesday afternoon between 1pm and 6pm (no appointment needed)

* Go to www.bashh.org/ to find clinics across Britain

* See a GP

Posted on 8 April 2016 at 10:10am in News stories
