```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-15T12:09:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-15T11:22:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Last summer I wrote a blog called \u2018How my experience of dealing with fatal motorbike crashes could make you a safer rider\u2019. I described the horrendous things we see at crash scenes. I described the fragments of motorbike strewn over hundreds of yards. The body parts we have to pick up from the roadside. The [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/DSC_4147-200x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: You want the ride of your life. We want you to live to enjoy it. - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/live-to-enjoy-it/
title: You want the ride of your life. We want you to live to enjoy it.
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/live-to-enjoy-it/
```

Last modified: 15 August 2019 at 01:09pm

You might not always agree with the way the police enforce the rules of the road. But if you saw what we see, you'd be in absolutely no doubt about why we do it, says roads policing Inspector Dave Barf.

Last summer I wrote a blog called _‘How my experience of dealing with fatal motorbike crashes could make you a safer rider’_.

I described the horrendous things we see at crash scenes.

I described the fragments of motorbike strewn over hundreds of yards. The body parts we have to pick up from the roadside. The tyre marks that snake down the road and stop abruptly, marking the final seconds of someone’s life.

I also described how we have to then knock on a family’s door and tell them that the person they love isn’t coming come and is shut in a mortuary drawer. It’s the worst job in policing.

As I said last year, if you saw what we see, you’d try to be a safer rider.

It was a hard-hitting message. And we got some very positive feedback from those who read it, including bikers. So thank you.

Sadly though, there’s more work for us to do.

### Risks and rewards

Last calendar year in North Yorkshire alone, 13 bikers died on our roads. This year, the number so far stands at six.

None of those people left the house thinking it would happen to them. None of them thought their loved ones would get that knock at the door just hours after they’d set off on a summer ride.

Many of our officers, myself included, are keen bikers. So we know how great that buzz is when you find your flow on one of our many beautiful rural roads.

We also know the risks.

Bikers are more than 30 times more likely to die in a collision than car drivers.

Motorcycles have no protection compared to cars so a minor error of judgement can have fatal consequences.

So you’d think we’d be more cautious. But we still see overtakes on junctions and riders not managing to negotiate bends.

### We're reaching riders beyond our borders

Many of those who have been killed or seriously injured on our roads are actually from outside the county.

They may be less familiar with the twists and turns, humps and bumps of Craven, Hambleton, Ryedale, Selby or Richmondshire. Or they may know the roads like the back of their hand.

Either way, we’re broadening the scope of our campaign work this year to try to reach riders from beyond the boundaries of North Yorkshire.

### Enforcement as well as engagement

We’re also not shying away from the fact that as well as doing a lot of education and engagement work, we’re also here to enforce the law.

We have high-visibility and undercover patrols operating on popular biker routes this summer. We also have our fleet of safety camera vans which we deploy to areas where there’s a high risk of collisions.

The reason we’re doing this is very simple – this mix of education and enforcement really does reduce casualties.

Our safety camera vans have been independently proven to cut serious collisions by 20% in the places they are deployed to.

Even if you’re not in favour of cameras on the roads, it’s difficult to dispute their effectiveness based on that statistic.

And please don’t ask why we’re not out catching murderers instead of picking on speeding motorists. There were 34 fatal collisions on our roads last year with many more people being seriously injured. We’re trying to save lives.

Yes, speed in its own right doesn’t kill. But it’s the reduced margin for error and time to process decisions that comes with it that does.

Lives are lost because of a split-second misjudgement. We’re talking about millimetres and milliseconds, or one or two miles an hour too many. Trust me – this is how small the margin of error needs to be. This can be the difference between life and death. I’m not guessing – I’ve seen it.

There are often questions – ‘if she’d left a little earlier’, ‘if only he hadn’t had to find his keys he’d have left on time and wouldn’t have been there’, ‘if he’d been going a little slower he could have stopped’ – don’t leave your loved ones guessing. Make it home.

### You can work with us

In an ideal world, we wouldn’t have to use enforcement tactics at all. All road users would stick to the rules of the road, and in doing so reduce their chances of becoming a statistic.

We don’t live in an ideal world. But with a mix of enforcement and education we’re doing our bit to make things better for everyone and keep you safe.

Work with us - next time you’re riding in North Yorkshire, please go steady and stick to the rules of the road.

Remember: You want the ride of your life. We want you to live to enjoy it.

_**To sharpen up your skills book onto a Bikesafe workshop in North Yorkshire.**_

_**You’ll pick up new tips, techniques and have chance to go on an observed ride with a highly-qualified, police-trained instructor.**_

_**Clickhere for more information and to book.**_

### Please share your feedback with us

#### _Do you think you’ll ride more carefully after reading this article?_

#### _No Yes_

Posted on 15 August 2019 at 12:22pm in News stories
