```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-14T09:15:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-14T09:15:08+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Police in Sherburn-in-Elmet are taking their front counter services into the community with a new service designed to interact with more people. \u201CKeeping safe community drop-in\u201D events will be held at Sherburn and Villages Community Library on Finkle Hill to help more members of the public access crime prevention and personal safety advice, sign up [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/06/Sherburn-launch-photo-1024x784.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New service to help keep Sherburn-in-Elmet residents safe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-service-to-help-keep-sherburn-in-elmet-residents-safe/
title: New service to help keep Sherburn-in-Elmet residents safe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-service-to-help-keep-sherburn-in-elmet-residents-safe/
```

Last modified: 14 June 2018 at 10:15am

## Police in Sherburn-in-Elmet are taking their front counter services into the community with a new service designed to interact with more people.

PCSO James Hudson, Library Volunteer Gordon Jack, Police Support Volunteer Jo Brown, Paul Doherty, Chair of Sherburn-in-Elmet Community Trust, and Police Support Volunteer Jenny Prescott.

## “Keeping safe community drop-in” events will be held at Sherburn and Villages Community Library on Finkle Hill to help more members of the public access crime prevention and personal safety advice, sign up to the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their area, or to simply have a chat.

## The drop-ins will be led by police volunteers who will be joined by Police Community Support Officers from the local policing team.

## The scheme will run once a month for a three-month trial period and will be evaluated after this time. If the results are positive, it could become a permanent service.

## North Yorkshire Police’s Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager, Natasha Almond, said: “Sherburn-in-Elmet police station office is open to the public on a part-time basis thanks to our Police Support Volunteers, however, the service is underused and people rarely call in.

## “So we’re taking our services out into the community to reach more people. We have great support from our volunteers who are willing to provide this service in their own time. My thanks go to them for giving up their time and to the volunteers at Sherburn and Villages Community Library for their enthusiasm and help with this service.”

## Karen Packham of Sherburn-in-Elmet Community Trust, added: “Libraries are safe spaces in communities where everyone is welcome and we are looking forward to working more closely with North Yorkshire Police to build a more resilient community”

## The first Keeping safe community drop-in will be held on Thursday 21 June from 2pm to 4pm and at the same time on 19 July and 16 August. Members of the public are encouraged to call in and say hello.

Posted on 14 June 2018 at 10:15am in News stories
