```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-27T11:15:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-27T10:46:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: They will be joined by former NYP Deputy Chief Constable, Iain Spittal, and PC Richard Murray from Cleveland Police when they take on the national Police Unity Tour later this month. The annual event sees over 300 cyclists from police forces across the country ride to the National Police Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire. This year [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Dee-Wond.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Officers ride in memory of colleagues who&#039;ve died - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-ride-in-memory-of-colleagues-whove-died/
title: Officers ride in memory of colleagues who've died
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-ride-in-memory-of-colleagues-whove-died/
```

Last modified: 27 July 2018 at 12:15pm

Inspector Dee Wond based in Thirsk and PC Marie Williams based in Whitby are taking on a gruelling 180-mile cycle ride in memory of fallen officers and to raise funds for the charity, Care of Police Survivors.

They will be joined by former NYP Deputy Chief Constable, Iain Spittal, and PC Richard Murray from Cleveland Police when they take on the national Police Unity Tour later this month.

The annual event sees over 300 cyclists from police forces across the country ride to the National Police Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire. This year Dee and her colleagues with join others from across our region to set off from Humberside Police HQ on 27 July and are set to arrive at the memorial on 29 July.

Each officer will be riding for the families of fallen officers, including PC Andrew Bramma (Dee) who died while responding to a collision in January 2013, PC David Haigh (Marie) who was shot dead on duty in June 1982, Special Constable Glenn Goodman (Iain) who was shot dead while on duty in 1992 and PC Keith Summerbell (Richard) who died when his police motorcycle lost control and collided with a lorry in September 1982.

Inspector Dee Wond

Each rider will be issued a blue memorial bracelet inscribed with the name and details of the officer they are riding for which they will carry to the finish line.

Care of Police Survivors (otherwise known as COPS) is a UK registered charity dedicated to helping the families of police officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty, rebuild their lives. It aims to ensure that survivors have all the help they need to cope with such a tragedy, and that they remain part of the police family.

Read more about the tour here

To sponsor Dee click here

To sponsor Marie click here

Posted on 27 July 2018 at 11:46am in News stories
