```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-07-04T12:16:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Terri Middleton, a Senior Constable from Greymouth, works in a prevention role in partnership with schools on the West Coast of South Island and has been a police officer for 27 years. Terri was awarded funding through the Woolf Fisher Police Fellowship to visit international counterparts to learn about school lockdown procedures, find out about [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Kiwi cop visits North Yorkshire force - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/kiwi-cop-visits-north-yorkshire-force/
title: Kiwi cop visits North Yorkshire force
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/kiwi-cop-visits-north-yorkshire-force/
```

Last modified: 4 July 2019 at 01:16pm

A police officer from New Zealand has travelled more than 11,000 miles to find out how North Yorkshire Police works with schools and other agencies to protect children.

Terri Middleton, a Senior Constable from Greymouth, works in a prevention role in partnership with schools on the West Coast of South Island and has been a police officer for 27 years.

Terri was awarded funding through the Woolf Fisher Police Fellowship to visit international counterparts to learn about school lockdown procedures, find out about resources delivered to students and observe how effective strategies are implemented.

As part of her three-week study visit, she spent three days in North Yorkshire after linking in with other police colleagues in Wales and Merseyside. She will report back on her findings when she returns to New Zealand.

Terri said: “It has been really interesting to learn all about the different roles that the police have here in the UK and the very good relationships that exist with other agencies and councils. What I’ve found amazing is how many other agencies are out there working with the youth.

“We are having a big review on lockdowns in New Zealand, so it’s great to find out what police forces in the UK are doing that can help us build confidence with schools.”

On Monday evening (1 July) Terri visited a school to watch a presentation given to parents around drugs, cybercrime and other child safety issues. On Tuesday (2 July) she met key partners involved with schools ‘Run, Hide and Tell’ procedures and yesterday (3 July) she visited Harrogate's Crucial Crew to see safety workshops being provided to primary school Year 6 pupils by partner agencies.

Sgt Neil Northend hosted Terri during her time in North Yorkshire. He said: “It was a real pleasure to have Terri here, sharing what we do on a daily basis.

“It’s interesting to find that we have similar styles of policing to those in New Zealand. It’s all about engagement and community-based policing.”

Posted on 4 July 2019 at 01:16pm in News stories
