```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T16:24:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-13T16:24:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information about several burglaries that occurred in rural villages across North Hambleton during early October 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information regarding recent burgalries across North Hambleton Village - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-regarding-recent-burgalries-across-north-hambleton-village/
title: Appeal for information regarding recent burgalries across North Hambleton Village
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-information-regarding-recent-burgalries-across-north-hambleton-village/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 04:24pm

Police are appealing for witnesses and information about several burglaries that occurred in rural villages across North Hambleton during early October 2015.

Two house burglaries occured during the daytime of Thursday 1 October 2015. One took place in East Rounton and the other in Seamer. The first burglary involved the offender gaining entry by smashing a kitchen window and the second by forcing rear patio doors. Both burglaries took place whilst the homeowners were out.

Another house was burgled in the Appleton Wiske area on Wednesday 7 October 2015 again by smashing a window to gain entry.

On each occasion the offender/s have searched the victims homes and stolen cash and jewellery

Police are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding these incidents.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any unknown or suspicious people or vehicles seen in the villages concerned on the dates of these burglaries.

Sgt Nick Hill of Stokesley Police said "These house burglaries are being committed in broad daylight whilst the occupiers are out. Also the offender/s are smashing windows to gain entry which will generate a fair amount of noise. I would therefore appeal to all residents but especially those in local rural villages to be vigilant at all times of the day and night and report any suspicious persons or vehicles seen in their community to Police."

Crime prevention advice can be found on the North Yorkshire Police website

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, quoting crime numbers 12150173916 for East Rounton, 12150173919 for Seamer and 12150177806 for Appleton Wiske.You can also email SNAStokesley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Twitter: @MikeOscar999

Date 13th October 2015

***************************************

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150173918

Posted on 13 October 2015 at 04:24pm in News stories
