```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T10:49:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-15T10:48:24+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire is the safest area in England, national figures have confirmed.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Keeping North Yorkshire safe and secure - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/keeping-north-yorkshire-safe-secure/
title: Keeping North Yorkshire safe and secure
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/keeping-north-yorkshire-safe-secure/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 10:49am

North Yorkshire is the safest area in England, national figures have confirmed.

Published today (Thursday 15 October 2015), the "Crime Statistics for England and Wales, 12 months ending June 2015" report places the North Yorkshire Police area as the lowest crime location in England.

There were a total of 35,280 crimes in North Yorkshire. This gives a crime rate of 43.8 crimes per 1,000 people, in contrast to the Yorkshire region average of 68.2 crimes and the national average of 63.8 crimes per 1,000 people.

This reflects the continued determination to tackle criminality in the county with a slight 1.6% rise in crime - 556 more crimes - in comparison to the same period ending June 2014.

Broken down into the main crime categories, the ONS figures for North Yorkshire show:

 * Domestic Burglary reduced by 10% (1,410 crimes in total, down 156 from 1,566), with overall Burglary down by 5.3% (4,015 crimes in total, down 223 from 4,238)
 * Criminal Damage and Arson down by 3% (5,302 crimes in total from 5,448)
 * 12% reduction in Vehicle Offences (2,214 crimes in total, down 298 from 2,512)
 * Robbery increased by 37% (161 crimes in total, up 44 from 117)
 * 7% decrease in Theft Offences (16,908 crimes in total)
 * Sexual Offences up by 39% (1,092 crimes in total, up 305 from 787). As previously explained, this rise is generally regarded as a positive reflection of the confidence victims have in North Yorkshire Police, particularly those making historical complaints. As previously states, this is also influenced by Operation Yewtree and Operation Hibiscus (Jimmy Savile/Peter Jaconelli investigations), and the opening of a Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) in York two years ago.
 * Violence against the Person went up by 21% (7,745 crimes in total, up by 1,360 from 6,385). This rise is mostly attributable to the Violence without Injury category. This includes Common Assault and Harassment offences. A problem profile conducted on trends in this crime category in the Autumn of last year showed improved recording following a HMIC inspection, an increase in historical reports, increased pro-activity around enforcement of orders and improved victim confidence. In June this year, the National Police Chief's Council carried out research among forces which demonstrated improvements with recording practices and confidence of victims of domestic abuse or harassment.
 * Drug Offences increased by 5% (2,011 crimes in total, up 98 from 1,913)
 * Possession of Weapons Offences up by 7% (208 crimes in total, up by 13 from 208)
 * Public Order Offences are in line with last year (1,278 crimes in total, up by 3 from 1,275)
 * Miscellaneous Crimes Against Society, which includes the possession and publication of extreme sexual images, was up by 28% (575 crimes in total, up by 127 from 448).

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Kennedy said: "Supported by strong partnership working across North Yorkshire and the City of York, North Yorkshire Police is doing everything in its power to keep our communities safe and secure.

"In spite of the funding challenges that all facets of the public sector are facing and the difficulties presented by the growth of cybercrime in particular, North Yorkshire Police remains resolute and determined to provide the very best service possible. We have invested in the latest Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology to target travelling criminals as well as in a new Cybercrime Unit.

"We will not let-up on the small minority of criminals who can bring so much misery to the vast majority of decent people we are here to protect."

**15 October 2015 - 3pm**

Posted on 15 October 2015 at 10:48am in News stories
