```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-08T15:30:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-08T14:26:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: In a pilot scheme led by Police Support Volunteers, the drop-in will operate every two weeks, on a Friday at Northallerton Library. Members of the public will be able to get crime prevention advice, sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging service for crime and incident alerts in their area, meet their local Police Community [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/09/Northallerton-community-drop-in-3.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: New drop-in service aims to help local people stay safe in Northallerton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-drop-service-aims-help-local-people-stay-safe-northallerton/
title: New drop-in service aims to help local people stay safe in Northallerton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-drop-service-aims-help-local-people-stay-safe-northallerton/
```

Last modified: 8 September 2017 at 04:30pm

Police, fire and the local library have joined together in Northallerton to provide a “keeping safe community drop-in” service to reach local people.

In a pilot scheme led by Police Support Volunteers, the drop-in will operate every two weeks, on a Friday at Northallerton Library.

Members of the public will be able to get crime prevention advice, sign up to North Yorkshire Community Messaging service for crime and incident alerts in their area, meet their local Police Community Support Officer and have their property security marked. North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service will also be on hand to provide fire safety advice.

Natasha Almond, North Yorkshire Police’s Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager, said: “This is a way of taking our services directly to the public to help them stay safe. People rarely call into our police station front counters for general safety and crime prevention advice, so by taking our services into the community, we can reach more people.

“My thanks go to our police volunteers who are running the scheme, to North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service and Northallerton Library for their support and enthusiasm for the project. By working together we can help make life better for local people.”

Bernice Champion, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service’s Community Safety Officer for the Hambleton area, added: “This is a great way to provide home fire safety advice to people who may not even be aware that we provide this service. By proactively engaging with the public in this way, we can help spread our safety messages and protect more people.”

“We are pleased to be involved in this community safety initiative,” said County Councillor Greg White, North Yorkshire’s Executive Member for Libraries. “Northallerton library is a well-established community hub with a large variety of services available. We are happy to be able to add further services and establish new partnerships for the benefits of the local community.”

The Keeping safe community drop-in will initially operate for three months between 10am and 2pm on the following days:

Friday 8 September

 * Friday 22 September
 * Friday 6 October
 * Friday 20 October
 * Friday 3 November
 * Friday 17 November

The Northallerton community drop-in follows a similar, successful scheme launched at Acomb Explore in York earlier this year.

Posted on 8 September 2017 at 03:26pm in News stories
