```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-11T23:23:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-11T13:42:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Already successfully deployed by 14 other police forces in the UK, officers will use the DNA spray to safely tag offenders who often have their faces covered while making off from the police. It marks the bikes, clothing and skin of riders and passengers with a uniquely-coded but invisible DNA that will provide forensic evidence [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/12/Justin-Piercy-website-2-203x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: SelectaDNA tagging spray deployed by North Yorkshire Police to catch law-breaking moped and off-road riders - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selectadna-tagging-spray-deployed-by-north-yorkshire-police-to-catch-law-breaking-moped-and-off-road-riders/
title: SelectaDNA tagging spray deployed by North Yorkshire Police to catch law-breaking moped and off-road riders
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/selectadna-tagging-spray-deployed-by-north-yorkshire-police-to-catch-law-breaking-moped-and-off-road-riders/
```

Last modified: 11 December 2018 at 11:23pm

North Yorkshire Police is set to use SelectaDNA tagging spray to target those who ride mopeds and off-road motorcycles in an illegal or anti-social manner.

Already successfully deployed by 14 other police forces in the UK, officers will use the DNA spray to safely tag offenders who often have their faces covered while making off from the police.

It marks the bikes, clothing and skin of riders and passengers with a uniquely-coded but invisible DNA that will provide forensic evidence to link them to a specific crime.

**PCSO Justin Piercy deploys DNA spray during the police demonstration**

The spray shows up blue under special UV lights and it can still be detected after washing.

The roll-out in North Yorkshire is being funded from the Proceeds of Crime Act at a cost of £2,500.

PC Tom Ibbetson, who has led the DNA spray initiative at North Yorkshire Police with support from the force’s Roads Policing Group, said: “As we have seen in other parts of the country, the use of SelectaDNA tagging spray is a very effective and safe police tactic in evidentially linking people on mopeds and off-road motorcycles to criminality and anti-social behaviour.

“The beauty of the DNA tagging spray is that suspects and bikes can be identified many weeks after being tagged, meaning they will have to be constantly looking over their shoulder because the police will catch up with them sooner or later.

**PC Tom Ibbetson who is leading the roll-out of the DNA spray tactic at North Yorkshire Police**

“Importantly, it sends out a clear message to both offenders and concerned residents that North Yorkshire Police will not tolerate this type of behaviour. We will go to great lengths to bring offenders to justice and end the misery they are causing in many of our communities.”

Anyone with information about crime or anti-social behaviour linked to mopeds and off-road motorcycles is urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 if you would prefer to remain anonymous.

For more information about SelectaDNA tagging spray, please go to www.selectadna.co.uk/dna-tagging-spray/news.

Posted on 11 December 2018 at 01:42pm in News stories
