```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-03T17:23:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-03T17:16:06+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Paul Chapman, 52, of North Marine Road was sentenced at York Crown Court to 16 months in prison on 2 May 2017, after previously pleading guilty to charges of possessing a knife in a public place and affray. He was given two jail terms of 16 months, one for each offence, to run concurrent. Mr [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/Paul-Chapman-06011965.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Jail for Scarborough man who threatened ambulance staff with a knife - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-scarborough-man-threatened-ambulance-staff-knife/
title: Jail for Scarborough man who threatened ambulance staff with a knife
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/jail-scarborough-man-threatened-ambulance-staff-knife/
```

Last modified: 3 May 2017 at 05:23pm

A Scarborough man has been jailed after threatening ambulance staff with a knife.

Paul Chapman, 52, of North Marine Road was sentenced at York Crown Court to 16 months in prison on 2 May 2017, after previously pleading guilty to charges of possessing a knife in a public place and affray. He was given two jail terms of 16 months, one for each offence, to run concurrent.

Mr Chapman was also ordered to pay £140 victim surcharge and the judge ordered the forfeiture and destruction of the knife.

On the night of 26 February 2017, Mr Chapman made an emergency call to the ambulance service who attended his home in North Marine Road. Paramedics tried to treat Mr Chapman who said he was unwell, but he became aggressive and abusive towards them.

The medics returned to their vehicle to await the arrival of police officers and while waiting for them to arrive, Mr Chapman came out of the address armed with a knife and threatened the paramedic and ambulance technician, saying he would harm them, himself and others.

When police arrived they seized the knife and arrested Mr Chapman who was taken into police custody and subsequently charged with the two offences.

Detective Constable David Adams, of the Scarborough Investigation Hub, said: “The sentence handed out to Mr Chapman reflects the seriousness of this offence against medical staff carrying out their duties to help and care for members of the public. It sends a very clear warning to others of the consequences of such behaviour.

“The ambulance service’s role is to protect life, treat, and help people in need, as Mr Chapman was that night. They should not be subjected to violent behaviour which makes them feel threatened or vulnerable within the course of their duties. They did all they could to help Mr Chapman but sadly, they were rewarded with abuse and aggression.

“I hope Mr Chapman reflects on his behaviour whilst in prison and realises the impact that this behaviour had on people carrying out their public duty that evening.”

Posted on 3 May 2017 at 05:16pm in News stories
