```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-14T11:38:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-14T11:33:51+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Officers responded to half a dozen reports of crashes that involved ice and snow before many people had even started work. It comes as highly-trained North Yorkshire Police drivers share winter driving tips with motorists at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/winterdriving The weather-related reports received between 5.30am and 9am include: 5.30am: A car skidding on black ice and coming [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/shutterstock_35818513-e1513251452990-1024x348.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Highly-trained police drivers share winter driving tips after bad weather leads to a spate of crashes - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winter-driving-tips-bad-weather/
title: Highly-trained police drivers share winter driving tips after bad weather leads to a spate of crashes
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/winter-driving-tips-bad-weather/
```

Last modified: 14 December 2017 at 11:38am

Police are reminding drivers to take care in wintry conditions after a flurry of weather-related collisions today.

Officers responded to half a dozen reports of crashes that involved ice and snow before many people had even started work.

It comes as highly-trained North Yorkshire Police drivers share winter driving tips with motorists at www.northyorkshire.police.uk/winterdriving

The weather-related reports received between 5.30am and 9am include:

 * 5.30am: A car skidding on black ice and coming to rest in a ditch on the A167 in Sandhutton, Thirsk. The driver was removed from the vehicle by firefighters and he was treated by ambulance crews.
 * 5.55am: A car slid through a fence in Selby Common, Selby, after hitting ice. The woman who was driving is not believed to have been injured.
 * 7.10am: A Land Rover flipped over after sliding down Runswick Bay Bank. Nobody was hurt.
 * 8.15am: A pedestrian struck by a car that slid on ice in Barnoldswick near Skipton. No injuries were reported. The incident was transferred to Lancashire Constabulary.
 * 8.20am: A driver in Cecil Street, Harrogate, skidded on ice and collided with a parked car, causing minor damage.
 * 9am: A woman driving a 4×4 was injured when it skidded into the underside of a bridge beneath the A168 Sowerby, Thirsk. She was taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries.

A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said: “It’s extremely important to prepare your vehicle for driving in wintry conditions, drive to the conditions you experience and take extra care on the roads.”

North Yorkshire Police is advising motorists to take the following steps during the cold snap before getting behind the wheel:

Check brakes, lights, wiper blades, and oil and washer fluid level.
Ensure tyres meet legal requirements – and preferably a tread depth of 3mm.
Carry water and de-icer in the car with you.
If you are going on a longer journey, bring food, hot drinks, blankets and a fully-charged mobile phone.
Always clear your windscreen properly of ice and snow before setting off.

Posted on 14 December 2017 at 11:33am in News stories
