```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:56:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-23T10:16:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "In particular, they are appealing for information about a suspicious \u201Cdark coloured Audi\u201D\_ that was seen in the vicinity of some of the burglaries around the same time. At around 12.45pm on Saturday 18 January, police received a report from a vigilant neighbour of a burglary in progress at a house on Minster View, Wiggington [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/01/12200010071-Dark-coloured-Audi.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Appeal for information after suspicious \u201Cdark coloured Audi\u201D spotted near to seven burglaries - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-suspicious-dark-coloured-audi-spotted-near-to-seven-burglaries/
title: "Appeal for information after suspicious \u201Cdark coloured Audi\u201D spotted near to seven burglaries"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-suspicious-dark-coloured-audi-spotted-near-to-seven-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:56pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following seven burglaries in the York and Selby areas at the weekend.

A map showing the dates, times and locations of the seven burglaries - did you see anything suspicious?

In particular, they are appealing for information about a suspicious “dark coloured Audi” that was seen in the vicinity of some of the burglaries around the same time.

At around 12.45pm on Saturday 18 January, police received a report from a vigilant neighbour of a burglary in progress at a house on Minster View, Wiggington whilst the occupants were away. The four suspects had gained entry by smashing a rear patio door before leaving in what was described as a black Audi after being disturbed by the security alarm.

Between 11.30pm and 4pm on Saturday 18 January, a house was broken into on Doriam Avenue.

Between 2.45pm and 4pm, a house on The Close, Towton was broken into. The suspects gained entry by kicking in the front door and carried out an untidy search of all rooms before stealing £800. A suspicious vehicle was seen passing the house at 3.13pm and 3.26pm.

At 5.04pm the same day, police received a report from a concerned motorist that a property on Tadcaster Road in York had been broken into. Following enquiries it emerged nothing had been stolen but the burglary would have taken place between 2.30pm and 5.05pm.

At 5.27pm, police received a report that a house on Church Lane, Bishopthorpe in York had been broken into. The suspects had gained entry by breaking the handle on the back door and smashing the security alarm box before stealing a number of jewellery items. A suspicious vehicle was seen nearby to the burglary on Church Lane at 1.50pm and a neighbour, who passed the house at 3pm, reported seeing an open window and a lamp discarded on the drive.

At 2.22pm on Sunday 19 January, police received a report that a house on Brayton Lane, had been broken into sometime between 1pm on Saturday 18 January and the time of the report. The occupants had returned home to find the French doors had been smashed and a number of jewellery items had been stolen. A suspicious vehicle was seen across the road from the property at around 4pm on the Saturday and the same vehicle is believed to have been at the railway crossing in Brook Street, Selby at about 5.23pm on the same day.

Sometime between Sunday 12 January and Saturday 18 January there was a burglary on Burton Stone Lane in York.

Officers have confirmed that they are investigating whether the seven burglaries are linked and are appealing for any information that could help with their enquiries. Investigating officer DC Andrew Chapman of North Yorkshire Police said:

“We’re appealing to anyone living, working or visiting the targeted areas over the weekend to contact us if they have any information that could help our investigation.

“In particular, we’d like to hear from anyone who noticed a suspicious dark coloured Audi or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage taken in the vicinity of the burglaries around the same time they took place. We would also like to thank the members of the public who have already come forward to provide descriptions of three of the four suspects."

The suspects are described as:

 * A white male, aged late teens to early 20s of skinny build. He was wearing grey joggers, a black baseball cap, a black jacket and was walking with a limp.
 * A white male, early 30s, of stocky build with a round face and a light coloured beard.
 * A white female, around 5ft 4ins tall, wearing a hat and dark clothing.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation or identify the suspects is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, select option 2 and ask for David Pegg or Andrew Chapman. You can also email David.Pegg@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or Andrew.Chapman@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12200010071 when providing information.

Posted on 23 January 2020 at 10:16am in Burglary, News stories
