```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T15:49:13+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Van Marc HARDMAN was handed a 12-week custodial sentence suspended for a year, an 18-month ban and ordered to pay \xA3735 in fines and costs. He was also ordered to complete 250 hours of community service and when he has served his ban, he faces an extended driving test before being able to return to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Biker banned after wheelie and clocking speeds of 78 mph along residential street - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/biker-banned-wheelie-clocking-speeds-78-mph-along-residential-street/
title: Biker banned after wheelie and clocking speeds of 78 mph along residential street
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/biker-banned-wheelie-clocking-speeds-78-mph-along-residential-street/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2016 at 03:49pm

A 23-year-old man from Knottingley, West Yorkshire was found guilty of dangerous driving by York Magistrates on Friday 14 October 2016.

Van Marc HARDMAN was handed a 12-week custodial sentence suspended for a year, an 18-month ban and ordered to pay £735 in fines and costs. He was also ordered to complete 250 hours of community service and when he has served his ban, he faces an extended driving test before being able to return to the road.

On the 20 March 2016, Hardman was captured by a North Yorkshire Police safety camera, pulling a wheelie and riding his 600cc motorbike at speeds of 78 mph along Skipwith Road in Escrick, York - a residential area with a 30 mph limit.

HARDMAN was riding with two others – a 22-year-old man from Pontefract, who was disqualified from riding at the time, who has since pleaded guilty to exceeding the speed limit (59 mph) and riding whilst disqualified. He received a six month ban and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and pay £145 in fines and costs.

The other rider in the group – a 22-year-old man from Knottingley, West Yorks also pleaded guilty in court to exceeding the speed limit (54 mph). He received six penalty points and was ordered to pay £393 in fines and costs.

Traffic Constable Andy Forth of the North Yorkshire Police Traffic Bureau said:

“North Yorkshire Police fully support this conviction. HARDMAN was captured riding dangerously in excess of double the speed limit along a residential street. His riding behaviour displayed sheer stupidity and the sentence handed to him reflects the fact that he was prepared to put others in danger as a result of his irresponsible riding. He can consider himself very lucky that his actions did not lead to tragedy – not only to himself, but to other road users who were in the area at the time.”

Posted on 17 October 2016 at 03:49pm in News stories
