```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-25T15:04:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-25T13:23:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "&nbsp; John O\u2019Neill, 22, posted several graphic videos of himself having sex with the victim to a porn website without her knowledge. It was only when the victim\u2019s friend recognised her from one of the videos, and alerted her, that O\u2019Neill\u2019s despicable crime came to light. O\u2019Neill was arrested and admitted uploading the videos to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/02/John-ONeill-21-07-98.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Jail for Colburn man who uploaded \u2018revenge porn\u2019 to a porn website - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a-deserved-jail-sentence-for-revenge-porn-colburn-man/
title: "Jail for Colburn man who uploaded \u2018revenge porn\u2019 to a porn website"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/a-deserved-jail-sentence-for-revenge-porn-colburn-man/
```

Last modified: 25 February 2021 at 03:04pm

A Colburn man who uploaded “revenge porn” to a porn website has been jailed for six months.

Jail for Colburn man who uploaded ‘revenge porn’ to a porn website

John O’Neill, 22, posted several graphic videos of himself having sex with the victim to a porn website without her knowledge.

It was only when the victim’s friend recognised her from one of the videos, and alerted her, that O’Neill’s despicable crime came to light.

O’Neill was arrested and admitted uploading the videos to the website but claimed it was with her consent.

But after reviewing the evidence presented by North Yorkshire Police, the CPS dismissed his claims and he was charged with disclosing private sexual photographs or film without consent with intent to cause distress.

His case was set for trial but in May last year he changed his plea to guilty and, this week, was sentenced to six months behind bars.

Investigating Officer Detective Constable Stephen Peachman said:

“Revenge porn has a devastating impact on both victims and their families and has no place in our society.

"The sharing of private, sexual materials without consent can have a long-lasting impact on an individual’s mental and physical wellbeing and leave victims feeling frightened, scared to leave the home and in some cases even with suicidal thoughts.

“I hope the sentence handed down in this case sends a strong message to victims that we will do everything we can to bring offenders of such an appalling crime to justice. If you have been a victim of revenge porn please call us and we will treat your call seriously and investigate your case.

“Lastly, I hope the victim in this case can take some comfort knowing that justice has now been served and that she can now move on with her life after such a terrible experience.”

O’Neill was sentenced at York Crown Court on 19 February and jailed for six months.

He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £115.00.

Posted on 25 February 2021 at 01:23pm in News stories
