```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-03-09T11:21:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: On the afternoon of Thursday 8 March 2018, officers attended the house on Southlands Grove, Newby. On entering an upstairs room, they found a man with a watering can and hose pipe, as well as fans, lighting equipment, and about 20 cannabis plants. The 28-year-old man, from Scarborough, was arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis. [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/Cannabis-plants-seized-from-Scarborough-house-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man arrested after 20 cannabis plants found in Scarborough house - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-20-cannabis-plants-found-scarborough-house/
title: Man arrested after 20 cannabis plants found in Scarborough house
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-20-cannabis-plants-found-scarborough-house/
```

Last modified: 9 March 2018 at 11:21am

A man has been arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis, after police found a large number of plants at an address in Scarborough.

On the afternoon of Thursday 8 March 2018, officers attended the house on Southlands Grove, Newby. On entering an upstairs room, they found a man with a watering can and hose pipe, as well as fans, lighting equipment, and about 20 cannabis plants.

The 28-year-old man, from Scarborough, was arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis. He has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

The plants and growing equipment have been seized for forensic examination.

A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police said: "People should be alert to the signs of cannabis cultivation in their area, and report any suspicions they have to the police – we will take action.

"If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers."

The signs to look out for include:

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell.
 * Equipment being taken into a house - for example, lighting and ventilation equipment.
 * Constantly covered or blocked-off windows. Cannabis factories often have constantly-closed curtains, black-out blinds or foil coverings.
 * Unsociable coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see.
 * Strong and constant lighting day and night.
 * High levels of heat and condensation. Cannabis factories often give off heat and the windows stay misted up.
 * Constant buzz of ventilation. Listen out for a whirring sound as the growers try to create an ideal climate for the plants to grow.
 * Lots of power cables. Gangs dig underground to lay cables that hook up to things like lamp posts so they don’t have to pay for the enormous amounts of electricity they use. They can easily bypass a £20,000 utility bill.
 * If you are a landlord or letting agent, be aware of potential tenants who pay a large amount of rent in advance and in cash, go out of their way to prevent you visiting the premises, or offer to improve exterior fortifications.

To report any suspicions you have, call North Yorkshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 9 March 2018 at 11:21am in News stories
