```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-11T14:58:15+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police attended the scene of a serious road traffic collision involving a private ambulance, a bus and a car on the A64 near York at about 8.30pm last night.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Further update following collision on A64 involving private ambulance and bus - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/further-update-following-collision-on-a64-involving-private-ambulance-and-bus/
title: Further update following collision on A64 involving private ambulance and bus
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/further-update-following-collision-on-a64-involving-private-ambulance-and-bus/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police attended the scene of a serious road traffic collision involving a private ambulance, a bus and a car on the A64 near York at about 8.30pm last night.

The collision occurred on the A64 at the Flaxton junction, east of York. The ambulance was travelling east and the bus was travelling west.

The driver of the private ambulance, who was the only person in the vehicle, was pronounced dead at the scene. The vehicle had been reported stolen to North Yorkshire Police at about 8.10pm the same day. Officers were actively looking for the vehicle when police were notified of this collision.

The driver of the double-decker bus was taken to hospital with serious leg injuries, where he remains this morning.

There were 16 passengers on the bus, five of whom were taken to hospital for treatment for minor injuries.

A third vehicle involved in the collision, a black Toyota Yaris, contained two people, one of whom was taken to hospital as a precaution.

The A64 was closed in both directions overnight while collision investigators examined the scene. It reopened at about 6am this morning.

Sergeant Ian Pope, of North Yorkshire Police's Major Collision Investigation Team, said: "I am asking anyone who witnessed the incident, or any of the vehicles involved prior to the collision, to contact the police. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, press option 1 and pass information to the Force Control Room. Alternatively, email mcit@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk."

Posted on 11 April 2015 at 02:58pm in News stories
