```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2021-03-24T16:24:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; Shortly before 8am today, we executed a warrant at two properties in the Walmgate area of York. Inside one of the addresses officers discovered a quantity of Class A drugs, Class B drugs and a substantial amount of cash. A small amount of class A drugs was found in the second property. The drugs [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/03/Drugs-warrant-in-York_cropped.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Three arrested in early morning raids in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-in-early-morning-raids-in-york/
title: Three arrested in early morning raids in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/three-arrested-in-early-morning-raids-in-york/
```

Last modified: 24 March 2021 at 04:24pm

An early morning raid in York city centre has seen three arrested and cash and drugs seized.

Three arrested in early morning raids in York

Shortly before 8am today, we executed a warrant at two properties in the Walmgate area of York.

Inside one of the addresses officers discovered a quantity of Class A drugs, Class B drugs and a substantial amount of cash. A small amount of class A drugs was found in the second property.

The drugs and cash were seized and two people, a man aged 27 and a 28-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs. They remain in custody for questioning.

A third person, a woman aged 42, was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs and has been released under investigation.

The warrants were carried on the back of concerns, information and intelligence that we received from members of the local community.

Drug dealing causes misery in our communities and we hope local people are reassured that we will proactively pursue and disrupt the activities of anyone involved in this type of offending.

We’d also like to thank those who brought these issues to our attention. Information like this from our communities is vital in helping us piece together the bigger picture.

If you have any information about drug dealing in your community then call North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting reference 12210083985

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online via their website: phonecrimestoppers-uk.org/give-information

Posted on 24 March 2021 at 04:24pm in News stories
