```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-03T09:08:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Between 7pm on 9 June and 11.30am on 10 June, offenders broke into a secure container at South Milford Cricket Club and stole a small tractor. And on 24 June, at about 8.50pm, two men were disturbed acting suspiciously at Burton Salmon Cricket Ground. They made off empty-handed. North Yorkshire Police officers have since visited [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/Cricket.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "It\u2019s just not cricket \u2013 rural security warning after clubs targeted - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/its-just-not-cricket-rural-security-warning-after-clubs-targeted/
title: "It\u2019s just not cricket \u2013 rural security warning after clubs targeted"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/its-just-not-cricket-rural-security-warning-after-clubs-targeted/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

Police are urging sports clubs to review their security after two cricket grounds were targeted by thieves in rural North Yorkshire.

Between 7pm on 9 June and 11.30am on 10 June, offenders broke into a secure container at South Milford Cricket Club and stole a small tractor.

And on 24 June, at about 8.50pm, two men were disturbed acting suspiciously at Burton Salmon Cricket Ground. They made off empty-handed.

North Yorkshire Police officers have since visited both venues and security-marked equipment there with the force’s ‘dot peen’ system.

The incidents have prompted a warning from officers to sports clubs and other organisations in rural areas to double-check their security, and to remain vigilant. Criminals will travel long distances across county borders to target premises in isolated areas.

PCSO Caroline Saville, of North Yorkshire Police's Rural Taskforce, said: “Over the past few weeks there has been an increase in burglaries at cricket club premises within the Selby district. We are advising clubs to check their security and ensure all valuable items are kept locked and secure. If any clubs would like a visit from the Rural Taskforce for crime prevention advice and property marking please contact caroline.saville@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.”

North Yorkshire Police’s dot peen property marking scheme was the first – and is the biggest – of its kind in the country. Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. It can therefore be used in farms, on garage and garden tools, power tools, computers and electrical devices, mobile phones and tablets, equestrian tack, golf clubs, musical instrument cases, cycles – and much more besides. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get the property back, but it can also provide evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

Inspector Jon Grainge, who leads the Rural Taskforce, said: “North Yorkshire is one of the safest places in the country, but it’s important we stay vigilant and do everything we can to keep people and businesses safe, particularly in rural areas.”

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality. You can meet members of the Taskforce at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows.

Members of the public can help by acting as the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police, and reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999.

Insp Grainge added: “Local residents are the best people to recognise when something is not quite right – and if that’s the case, we’d like to hear about it. Please report anything suspicious to the police using the 101 phone number.

“Even if it doesn’t need an immediate response, every piece of information helps us build up a picture and could prove vital in bringing criminals to justice.”

Posted on 3 July 2018 at 10:08am in News stories
