```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-09T11:18:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-29T11:17:00+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Extra measures have been put in place to ensure known troublemakers are prevented from travelling to upcoming England football matches in the Republic of Ireland and Slovenia
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police clamp down on football troublemakers ahead of England away fixtures - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clamp-football-troublemakers-ahead-england-away-fixtures/
title: Police clamp down on football troublemakers ahead of England away fixtures
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clamp-football-troublemakers-ahead-england-away-fixtures/
```

Last modified: 9 June 2016 at 11:18am

Extra measures have been put in place to ensure known troublemakers are prevented from travelling to upcoming England football matches in the Republic of Ireland and Slovenia

There are currently 16 individuals subject to Football Banning Orders who have to report to police stations in North Yorkshire - eight in York, four in Northallerton, three in Harrogate and one in Scarborough.

England is due to kick-off against the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Sunday 7 June 2015 at 1pm.

Banned individuals have to report to their elected police station and handover their passport on either Tuesday 2 June or Wednesday 3 June.

Unless they have obtained an exemption from the United Kingdom Football Policing Unit (UKFPU), failure to surrender their passport will constitute a breach of their banning order and they face arrest.

In addition, passport holders and non-passport holders **MUST** report on match day at the elected police station between 10am and 1pm.

For the England fixture against Slovenia in Ljubljana on Sunday 14 June, banned individuals have to report to their elected police station and handover their passports on either Tuesday 9 June or Wednesday 10 June.

Any passports already retained at the police station from the Republic of Ireland match will be accepted as passport surrender.

Those on Football Banning Orders **DO NOT** have to report to a police station on match day on this occasion.

Passports will be returned to the individuals from Monday 15 June following the Slovenia fixture.

Detective Constable Kevan Howe, of North Yorkshire Police, said: "All 16 individuals who are subject to Football Banning Orders in the North Yorkshire Police area have been notified in writing about these extra measures for the games against the Republic of Ireland and Slovenia.

"They are known to pose a serious risk of causing trouble at England football matches, particularly at fixtures played overseas.

"Working alongside the United Kingdom Football Policing Unit, we will do everything in our power to enforce Football Banning Orders including arresting people if necessary."

**29 May 2015 - 2.10pm**

Posted on 29 May 2015 at 11:17am in News stories
