```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-11T10:16:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-11T10:12:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Sergeant Mike Tinsley of the Scarborough Community Impact Team, said:\_\u201COn analysis of the recent burglaries it is apparent the offender/s have targeted small business with little, or no obvious security measures in place. We urge business owners to review their current security measures and contact your local Neighbourhood Police Team if you need any advice [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Scarborough police urge businesses to be security conscious - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarb-commercial-burglaries/
title: Scarborough police urge businesses to be security conscious
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/scarb-commercial-burglaries/
```

Last modified: 11 March 2019 at 10:16am

Police in Scarborough are asking businesses to ensure they review their security as they investigate a number of commercial burglaries in the area.

Sergeant Mike Tinsley of the Scarborough Community Impact Team, said: “On analysis of the recent burglaries it is apparent the offender/s have targeted small business with little, or no obvious security measures in place. We urge business owners to review their current security measures and contact your local Neighbourhood Police Team if you need any advice on making your premises safer. The cost of some basic security upgrades can be significantly less that you might think, and often far less than repairing damage caused by those who gain entry, or replacing the items they steal. We encourage the wider public to remain vigilant and alert the police about any suspicious activity on 999 if you think a crime is in progress, about to happen, or a suspect is nearby and 101 for anything else.”

Officers have issued the following advice:

**Make your premises harder for an offender to access**

 * Upgrading the locks on your doors, windows and outbuildings
 * Ensuring all your doors and windows are locked when you leave and remove the keys.
 * Fitting sash jammers to vulnerable doors and widows

**Ensure that valuable items are out of view**

 * Don’t leave items of value on display that can been seen through a window e.g. laptops, phones, keys.
 * Don’t leave cash on premises.

**Remove items that may help offenders commit an offence**

 * Keep ladders and bins out of reach, as they can be used by offenders to access your premises.
 * Make sure nothing obvious is left outside your premises that could be used to enter e.g. a brick or piece of rubble to break a window.

**Reduce the profit the offender can make**

 * Security mark your property, offenders will find this more difficult to conceal, or sell on. North Yorkshire Police offer a free property marking service via your local Neighbourhood Police Team.

**Increase the chance of being caught**

 * Installing good quality CCTV and/or alarm systems.
 * Installing external security lighting

Posted on 11 March 2019 at 10:12am in News stories
