```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:43:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-03T15:32:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "It happened on Westwood at 4pm\_on Wednesday 16 November 2016 and involved a woman\_walking a guide dog from the direction of Tesco. At this time another woman\_exited a property on Westwood in company of two dogs who she was fighting to keep control of. The dogs then broke free and ran towards the guide dog [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Attack on guide dog in Scarborough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attack-guide-dog-scarborough/
title: Attack on guide dog in Scarborough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attack-guide-dog-scarborough/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:43am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a dog attack that occurred in Scarborough.

It happened on Westwood at 4pm on Wednesday 16 November 2016 and involved a woman walking a guide dog from the direction of Tesco. At this time another woman exited a property on Westwood in company of two dogs who she was fighting to keep control of. The dogs then broke free and ran towards the guide dog who they tried to attack. The victim attempted to keep the dogs apart and during this sustained an injury to her elbow.

To date, the female in charge of the dogs has been identified and is pending questioning by the police.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident. We are aware a male stopped in the street and witnessed this incident encouraging the female to run home after the attack, which she did and we would particularly like him to come forward.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Mike Tinsley. You can also email michael.tinsley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160208798.

Contact details:
 Mike Tinsley \- #0020
michael.tinsley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160208798
Posted on 3 January 2017 at 03:32pm in Local appeals
