```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:37:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-12T18:18:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses, and in particular, a doctor who stopped to help at the scene of a York collision in which a 12-year-old cyclist sustained serious injuries.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for doctor and witnesses after 12-year-old cyclist injured in York collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-doctor-and-witnesses-after-12-year-old-cyclist-injured-in-york-collision/
title: Appeal for doctor and witnesses after 12-year-old cyclist injured in York collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-doctor-and-witnesses-after-12-year-old-cyclist-injured-in-york-collision/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:37am

Police are appealing for witnesses, and in particular, a doctor who stopped to help at the scene of a York collision in which a 12-year-old cyclist sustained serious injuries.

It happened at around 4.50pm on Saturday 10 January 2015 on the Wigginton side of the A1237 York outer ring road near Creepy Crawlies play centre.

The cyclist was in collision with a white Seat car that was travelling from the roundabout towards Wigginton.

As a result of the collision, the cyclist, who is from the Leeds area, sustained serious injuries and was taken to York District Hospital, but was later transferred to Leeds General Infirmary.

The driver of the car, a 61-year-old local man was not injured in the incident.

Police are appealing for witnesses and in particular, want to speak to a doctor who is believed to have stopped at the scene of the collision to assist the injured boy until an ambulance arrived.

The road was busy at the time and officers are appealing for anyone else who was in the area at the time and saw the cyclist or the car prior to the crash or witnessed the actual collision, to contact them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Lee Cobb, or email lee.cobb@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12150005474 when passing on information.

The road was closed to attend to the casualty and to allow collision investigators to examine the scene and reopened at around 10pm

Posted on 12 January 2015 at 06:18pm in News stories
