```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-21T12:05:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-21T12:05:14+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Michelle Charlesworth of Ingramgate, Thirsk was stopped in her Mercedes-Benz on the A64 near Flaxton by officers at 9.30pm on Saturday 17 February 2018, due to her erratic driving. When asked to complete a roadside breath test, Charlesworth provided a reading of 158 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath &#8211; four and a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/03/Charlesworth-Michelle-24081968-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Drink driver four and a half times the legal limit on the A64 handed prison sentence - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-driver-four-half-times-legal-limit-a64-handed-prison-sentence/
title: Drink driver four and a half times the legal limit on the A64 handed prison sentence
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/drink-driver-four-half-times-legal-limit-a64-handed-prison-sentence/
```

Last modified: 21 March 2018 at 12:05pm

A 49-year-old woman from Thirsk appeared at Scarborough Magistrates Court on Tuesday 20 March 2018 and pleaded guilty to drink driving.

Michelle Charlesworth of Ingramgate, Thirsk was stopped in her Mercedes-Benz on the A64 near Flaxton by officers at 9.30pm on Saturday 17 February 2018, due to her erratic driving.

When asked to complete a roadside breath test, Charlesworth provided a reading of 158 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath - four and a half times the legal limit.

She was arrested and taken into custody, where she returned a further reading of 167 micrograms of alcohol per 100 milliliitres of breath.

Due to the high reading she returned and the serious nature of the offence, Magistrates sentenced Charlesworth to 18 weeks in prison.

She was also banned from driving for 36 months, extended by nine weeks to take her custodial sentence into account and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £115.

Speaking about the sentence handed to Charlesworth, roads policing officer Traffic Constable Jamie Lord said;

"The reading of 167ug that Charlesworth returned that night is completely shocking. How anyone can get behind a wheel with that amount of alcohol in their system beggars belief.

"Michelle Charlesworth not only consumed a large amount of alcohol that evening and got behind the wheel, she also drove erractically along one of the busiest A roads in the region. It is only through sheer luck and the quick thinking of the member of the public who witnessed her driving and alerted us, that a serious collision was avoided.

"I hope the sentence handed to Charlesworth serves as a stark warning to those who think that they won't get caught or that they will only face a slap on the wrist and a fine - a prison sentence is a very real possibility, as this case clearly demonstrates."

Posted on 21 March 2018 at 12:05pm in News stories
