```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-17T09:55:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-12T07:13:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A member of the public in the Danby Wiske area, north of Northallerton, called police at 3.30am yesterday, Thursday 11 June 2020, having seen quad bikes drive past his house. Due to the suspicious circumstances, North Yorkshire Police officers attended immediately, including specialist roads policing officers with pursuit training. Just after 3.45am, one quad bike [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Late-night quad bike pursuit ends in arrest - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/late-night-quad-bike-pursuit-ends-in-arrest/
title: Late-night quad bike pursuit ends in arrest
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/late-night-quad-bike-pursuit-ends-in-arrest/
```

Last modified: 17 June 2020 at 10:55am

A suspected stolen quad bike was pursued by police along North Yorkshire’s rural roads – after crucial information from local residents.

A member of the public in the Danby Wiske area, north of Northallerton, called police at 3.30am yesterday, Thursday 11 June 2020, having seen quad bikes drive past his house.

Due to the suspicious circumstances, North Yorkshire Police officers attended immediately, including specialist roads policing officers with pursuit training.

Just after 3.45am, one quad bike – with three people riding on it – was spotted leaving Danby Wiske and heading towards Streetlam. It failed to stop for police, and was pursued, until it came to a stop in a hedgerow, at 3.50am.

Two of the riders made off into fields, but one was immediately caught by officers and arrested.

The quad bike, a red Honda, was recovered for forensic examination. Police have sent details of the suspected stolen vehicle to local residents via North Yorkshire Community Messaging, so that its owner can come forward and claim it.

The rider caught by officers, a 22-year-old man from Liverpool, was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle. He was taken into custody, and has since been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Searches were carried out for any other stolen quads, and the other suspects, but they were not located.

Tackling the theft of quad bikes and agri-vehicles is one of six national rural crime priorities. Quads are targeted by thieves as they are often parked in remote, rural areas and are easy to transport. Their loss can have a significant economic impact on farms and other rural businesses.

Speaking last month, Inspector Matt Hagen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Quite apart from its monetary value, the loss of a quad can have a really significant impact on a farm or other rural business – particularly in these difficult times, when farmers really cannot afford any further disruption.

“Police patrols in rural areas have not stopped, so if you see or hear anything suspicious, don’t hesitate to call us. If a crime is in progress, or someone suspected of a crime is nearby – call 999. If you don’t need an emergency response, please report anything suspicious to us using the 101 phone number. Any piece of information could help us build up a picture and bring criminals to justice.”

Posted on 12 June 2020 at 08:13am in News stories, Rural
