```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T15:48:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-22T15:47:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a spate of Burglaries across the rural Whitby area of North Yorkshire overnight between 21 and 22 October 2015.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following spate of farm burglaries near Whitby - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-farm-burglaries-near-whitby/
title: Appeal following spate of farm burglaries near Whitby
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-spate-farm-burglaries-near-whitby/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 03:48pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a spate of Burglaries across the rural Whitby area of North Yorkshire overnight between 21 and 22 October 2015.

The burglaries have incurred losses of several thousands of pounds to members of our local community.

A red Honda TRX 250 TMB Quad Bike and an Orange Stihl FS 56 strimmer were stolen from a premises on Hawsker Lane, Hawsker near Whitby.

A red Honda TRX 420 FMB Quad Bike was stolen from a premises on Sneaton Lane, Sneaton near Whitby.

Two outbuildings on Old Coach Road, East Row, Sandsend near Whitby were also damaged and unlawful entry was gained to one of the premises.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help us investigate this crime by providing us with as much information as possible to help us catch those responsible.

In particular, we are appealing for information from any people who have seen any suspicious activity or any suspicious vehicles in those areas during the night.

PC Nicola Knowles of Whitby police said: "Also I would ask people to be mindful if they see any quads for sale matching the models listed or if they are offered the sale of a Quads to be vigilant as the property may be stolen. The stolen items of property listed above are easily identifiable so if you are offered the sale of one and you suspect it may be stolen, please obtain as much detail as you can about it and inform police."

This also goes out as a warning to other members of the public to take any extras measures you can to secure valuable items. The thieves in these cases have caused extensive damage to the victims property in order to steal the items.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Nicola Knowles. You can also email nicola.knowles@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150187033

22 October 2015

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150187171

Posted on 22 October 2015 at 03:47pm in News stories
