```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-07T12:26:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged serious sexual assault against a young child in Whitby are urging the public to help them locate a vital piece of evidence.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Public urged to help find mobile phone vital to alleged child sex abuse investigation - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-urged-to-help-find-mobile-phone-vital-to-alleged-child-sex-abuse-investigation/
title: Public urged to help find mobile phone vital to alleged child sex abuse investigation
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/public-urged-to-help-find-mobile-phone-vital-to-alleged-child-sex-abuse-investigation/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Detectives investigating an alleged serious sexual assault against a young child in Whitby are urging the public to help them locate a vital piece of evidence.

Officers are searching for a black Blackberry-style mobile phone which they believe has either been discarded somewhere in the Whitby area or sold.

The phone, which has a screen with a keyboard underneath, may contain crucial evidence which can help the investigation and it important that officers locate it.

Anyone who finds a discarded mobile phone, has recently bought one second hand matching the description of the one the police are looking for, or anyone who has any information which might help officers recover this phone, is urged to come forward as soon as possible.

Detective Sergeant Mike Moorhouse, of Scarborough Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit, said: "This is a very serious matter and it is important that we recover as much evidence as possible.

"It is extremely important that we locate the mobile phone we are looking for and I am appealing to the public to help us.

"If you have recently bought a phone matching the description of the one we need to find, I urge you to do the right thing and get in touch with the police."

A 50-year-old man and a 29-year-old woman have been arrested in connection with the investigation. They have been released on conditional police bail as enquiries continue.

Anyone with information that can help police to locate the mobile phone is urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 - select option 2 - and ask for Mike Moorhouse or Scarborough Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit.

Alternatively, information can be emailed to pvpeast@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you prefer not to give your name, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12150001189 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 7 January 2015 at 12:26pm in News stories
