```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:42:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-10-13T14:41:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: York Police are fighting back against building site burglars - by making valuable tools and plant kit &#039;too hot to handle&#039;.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Property marking warning for building site burglars - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-marking-warning-building-site-burglars/
title: Property marking warning for building site burglars
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/property-marking-warning-building-site-burglars/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:42pm

York Police are fighting back against building site burglars - by making valuable tools and plant kit 'too hot to handle'.

Officers are attending a building site in Clifford Street, York, today (Tuesday 27 October) to security mark and log all equipment there, ensuring would-be thieves would find it impossible to sell on.

The site was recently targeted by burglars, and police are now inviting other building firms in York to get their equipment marked too.

Property on the site will be security marked using dot peen marking, in conjunction with the Hermes recording system to log it on Immobilise, the UK national property register database.

Unfortunately the Clifford Street site was targeted overnight on Tuesday 6 and Wednesday 7 October. Despite being left locked and secure, offenders broke into the building site and removed copper pipe and a large amount of equipment, worth around £6,000. The investigation into the burglary is ongoing, and anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting reference number 12150177505. You can also pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Property marking sessions at other sites are also taking place, and officers are now inviting firms in York to get in touch so their equipment can also be security marked and registered.

PCSO Chris Shearing, of York Police, said: "Getting your property marked - whether it's plant kit, power tools, bikes or gadgets - is one of the most effective ways to protect it from criminals.

"The permanent marking will deter thieves, as it makes it far harder to sell on. It will also be much easier for us to return it to its rightful owner if it is lost or stolen, and could provide vital evidence to secure a prosecution.

"Plant kit and power tools on building sites can be worth thousands of pounds, which is why it's so important to get it security marked and registered. We want the message to go out to would-be burglars that targeting sites in York is simply not worth the risk."

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number is entered onto the national Immobilise property register database. The dot peen machines in York were funded by North Yorkshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, and Safer York Partnership.

For more information, visit www.northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen. Drop-in sessions for members of the public are promoted in the local press and on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen, via the local team accounts @snayorkcityeast, @snayorknorth and @snayorkwest.

Any businesses or organisations in York interested in getting their property marked should contact their local police team by dialling 101 and selecting option 2.

Posted on 13 October 2015 at 02:41pm in News stories
