```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:24:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-08T14:38:35+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses to a serious head-on collision in the Selby area on Easter Sunday (5 April 2015).
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Serious head-on crash in Selby area - witnesses urged to come forward - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-head-on-crash-in-selby-area-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
title: Serious head-on crash in Selby area - witnesses urged to come forward
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/serious-head-on-crash-in-selby-area-witnesses-urged-to-come-forward/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:24am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses to a serious head-on collision in the Selby area on Easter Sunday (5 April 2015).

It occurred on the A63 near the Brackenholme Business Park at about 12.25pm. Involved were two red saloon cars, a VW Passat and a Seat Toledo.

Emergency services, including an air ambulance, attended the scene to assist five casualties.

The 23-year-old man driving the Seat Toledo, who is from Selby, was airlifted to Hull Royal Infirmary with serious but not life-threatening injuries. He is in a "satisfactory" condition and has been released from hospital.

A male passenger in the VW Passat and two men in the Seat Toledo were taken by ambulance to Hull Royal Infirmary for treatment to less serious injuries. The passengers from the Seat Toledo have received treatment for broken bones and cuts and bruises.

The driver of the VW Passat, a 22-year-old man from Goole, failed a roadside breath test. Police enquiries are ongoing into this matter.

The stretch of road remained closed until 7.50pm to allow the police to fully examine the collision scene and for the two cars to be recovered.

Witnesses to the collision or anyone who recalls seeing either car prior to the crash, should contact North Yorkshire Police on **101** , select **option 2** , and ask for **Ken England** or **Roads Policing Group Tadcaster**.

Information can also be emailed to **kenneth.england@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk** quoting reference number **12150055235**.

Posted on 8 April 2015 at 02:38pm in News stories
