```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T14:14:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-01T14:13:25+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Manor Lane, York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Cyclist robbed on Manor Lane, York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-robbed-manor-lane-york/
title: Cyclist robbed on Manor Lane, York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/cyclist-robbed-manor-lane-york/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 02:14pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a robbery that occurred in Manor Lane, York.

At 3pm on Wednesday 27 January 2016, an 18-year-old man was cycling along the footpath which connects Hurricane Way and Manor Lane, York.

At this point he was approached by a man who said "stop, give me your bike!"

The victim replied "no" but the offender stood in front of him and prevented him from cycling off. The offender then again said "give me your bike" before punching the victim once to the face, causing him to fall from the bike and to the floor.

The offender then got onto the bike and began to ride off towards Manor Lane but the victim was able to get up and chase after him and kicked out at the bike causing the man to fall from it. The victim reclaimed his bike back and headed off in the opposite direction towards Hurricane Way. On looking back he saw that his attacker was also running off in the direction of Manor Lane.

The suspect has been described as white; early 20s; stocky build; 6ft tall; medium length blond hair; wearing blue work trousers, a sleeveless high-viz jacket and work boots.

As a result of the incident the victim sustained minor injuries.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Butchart. You can also email david.butchart@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160015614

**1 February 2016**

Posted on 1 February 2016 at 02:13pm in News stories
