```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-25T12:01:33+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: A Huddersfield woman has been banned from driving for five years after being caught drink driving three times in just over two months.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Five-year driving ban for Huddersfield woman - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-year-driving-ban-for-huddersfield-woman/
title: Five-year driving ban for Huddersfield woman
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/five-year-driving-ban-for-huddersfield-woman/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

A Huddersfield woman has been banned from driving for five years after being caught drink driving three times in just over two months.

Zara Amjad, 34, of Alwen Avenue, Huddersfield, was stopped by North Yorkshire Police when she drove onto the A1 near Boroughbridge, ignoring road closure signs after the road had been closed due to high winds on 9 January 2015.

She was previously arrested by West Yorkshire Police in Huddersfield on 7 November 2014 and by Greater Manchester Police on the M62 near Rochdale on 20 December 2014. On both occasions she was over the drink drive limit and charged with drink driving.

She was sentenced for all three offences at Kirklees Magistrates' Court on 24 February 2015. She was also handed a 22-week prison sentence, suspended for two years and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharged of £80.

On the night Ms Amjad was stopped in North Yorkshire, the police were dealing with a number of serious weather related incidents including overturned and stranded HGVs on the A1.

The motorway had been closed to prevent further incidents and to protect those working to recover the stranded vehicles.

Despite the presence of a police car with blue flashing lights, Ms Amjad drove along the closed section of the motorway, heading straight for a piece of collapsed Armco barrier that was protruding into lane three. Thankfully, due to the actions of a police officer, she stopped short of the broken barrier.

Traffic Constable David Minto of North Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Group, said: "Ms Amjad is very lucky that she has only had to face the court on drink driving charges. The consequences of her behaviour could have been deadly both for herself and other road users, not to mention the emergency services and highways' officers who were working to clear the closed road.

"Despite repeated warnings about the dangers of drink driving it is hard to believe that people still find it acceptable to get behind the wheel while intoxicated.

"I sincerely hope that Ms Amjad learns from her experience and addresses what is a potentially lethal attitude to road safety."

Posted on 25 February 2015 at 12:01pm in News stories
