```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-30T15:36:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-30T15:36:01+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Just before 2am today, Thursday 30 April 2020, a farmer in a rural area between Harrogate and Otley was woken by a notification from their tracker service \u2013 and heard the sound of quads being driven away. They contacted police. At around the same time, North Yorkshire Police also received a call from the tracker [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Quad bike owners urged to invest in security measures \u2013 after thieves thwarted in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-owners-urged-to-invest-in-security-measures-after-thieves-thwarted-in-north-yorkshire/
title: "Quad bike owners urged to invest in security measures \u2013 after thieves thwarted in North Yorkshire"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-owners-urged-to-invest-in-security-measures-after-thieves-thwarted-in-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 30 April 2020 at 04:36pm

Two quad bikes were recovered within hours of their thefts from North Yorkshire today – thanks to vehicle trackers.

Just before 2am today, Thursday 30 April 2020, a farmer in a rural area between Harrogate and Otley was woken by a notification from their tracker service – and heard the sound of quads being driven away. They contacted police. At around the same time, North Yorkshire Police also received a call from the tracker service about stolen quads.

The two stolen quad bikes, both red and black Hondas, were tracked heading towards Bradford, and officers immediately passed the details to West Yorkshire Police colleagues.

At 2.50am, guided by the vehicle tracker, officers located one of the stolen quads abandoned in the Bolton Woods area of Bradford.

A few hours later, the second stolen quad was also found, in the Yeadon area.

Both have now been returned to their rightful owner.

Officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce are investigating the theft of both quads, and enquiries are ongoing. Anyone with information about the thefts is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting reference 12200071719 – or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Police said last night’s incident highlighted the importance of good quality quad bike security measures – particularly vehicle trackers.

Inspector Matt Hagen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Unfortunately, quad bikes in remote, rural areas are often targeted by thieves.

“Quite apart from its monetary value, the loss of a quad can have a really significant impact on a farm or other rural business – particularly in these difficult times, when farmers really cannot afford any further disruption.

“The good news is security measures, in particular vehicle trackers, can be extremely effective. In this case, we have managed to recover two stolen quad bikes the very same night they were stolen, thanks to trackers.”

In light of the latest thefts, people who own quad bikes are urged to check the security of their vehicles:

 * Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads.
 * Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the quad.
 * Fit a GPS tracking device.
 * Secure with wheel clamps and/or locking posts, and consider an alarm.
 * Mark or customise your quad so it is easily identifiable.
 * Keep a record of all vehicles, including photographs and serial numbers.

Insp Hagen added: “With the Coronavirus restrictions in place, far fewer people are making journeys, which can make suspicious activity – like unusual vehicle movements through rural areas late at night – stand out even more.

“Police patrols in rural areas have not stopped, so if you see or hear anything suspicious, don’t hesitate to call us, and we can respond immediately if needed, as we did last night.

“If a crime is in progress, or someone suspected of a crime is nearby – call 999. If you don’t need an emergency response, please report anything suspicious to us using the 101 phone number. Any piece of information could help us build up a picture and bring criminals to justice.”

Posted on 30 April 2020 at 04:36pm in News stories
