```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:47:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-17T10:51:52+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The single vehicle collision happened at around 3.40pm on Thursday 22 June 2017, when \_a Land Rover Discovery left the A61 near South Stainley between Ripon and Ripley and collided with a hedge and a telegraph pole. The Discovery was travelling towards Ripley and Harrogate when the crash happened within the double bends just south [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/07/Land-Rover-1-1024x725.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Photos of crash site issued as police appeal for crucial witnesses - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/photos-crash-site-issued-police-appeal-crucial-witnesses/
title: Photos of crash site issued as police appeal for crucial witnesses
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/photos-crash-site-issued-police-appeal-crucial-witnesses/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:47am

Police have issued photographs from the scene of a collision near Ripon in the hope of jogging memories as they issue a fresh appeal for vital witnesses to come forward.

The single vehicle collision happened at around 3.40pm on Thursday 22 June 2017, when a Land Rover Discovery left the A61 near South Stainley between Ripon and Ripley and collided with a hedge and a telegraph pole.

The Discovery was travelling towards Ripley and Harrogate when the crash happened within the double bends just south of the Red Lion pub.

Officers have issued an appeal to trace the occupants of a small white car that was travelling in the opposite direction, towards Ripon behind an Alfred Hymas lorry.

They also want the occupants of three or four vehicles that were travelling behind the Land Rover, towards Ripley, to contact them.

It is hoped that these drivers or passengers may recognise the vehicle from the photographs issued from the scene of the collision. It is possible that they did not witness the crash but may have seen the Land Rover before it left the road. Offices still want them to come forward.

These vital witnesses and anyone else with any information are asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable David Minto or email david.minto@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

Please quote reference number 12170109365.

The occupants of the Discovery, a woman aged 19 and man aged 21, were taken to hospital. The woman was treated for serious injuries and has since been discharged from hospital. The man was treated for less serious injuries and discharged soon after.
Officers issued an appeal at the time of the collision and are now appealing for these specific witnesses to come forward.

Posted on 17 July 2017 at 11:51am in News stories
