```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-17T11:42:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-17T11:40:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "By designing and maintaining your garden with the following tips from the Secured by Design initiative, you&#8217;ll be reducing your chances of becoming a victim of crime. Rear fences should be\_two metres high, including a trellis to support plants but not to support the weight of a possible intruder. Keep fences and plants in the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Top gardening tips to help keep your home secure - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/top-gardening-tips-to-help-keep-your-home-secure/
title: Top gardening tips to help keep your home secure
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/top-gardening-tips-to-help-keep-your-home-secure/
```

Last modified: 17 August 2018 at 12:42pm

Did you know planting and garden design can help improve the security of your home?

#### **By designing and maintaining your garden with the following tips from the Secured by Design initiative, you 'll be reducing your chances of becoming a victim of crime.**

 * #### Rear fences should be two metres high, including a trellis to support plants but not to support the weight of a possible intruder.

 * #### Keep fences and plants in the front garden below one metre in height so you don't give potential burglars somewhere to hide.

 * #### Reinforce the garden’s perimeter by planting prickly shrubs or a thorny hedge and train them to grow on trellis on top of 1.8 metre fencing to deter potential offenders.

 * #### Side gates should be solid, flat faced and the same height as the fence. Secure with padbolts top and bottom, padlocks and a spring return.

 * #### Maintenance of fences and gates is important, make sure they don't fall into disrepair and give easy access to your property.

 * #### Lay gravel on paths and beneath doors and ground-floor windows - burglars don't like it because it's noisy to walk on.

 * #### Lighting can deter or draw attention to thieves. Use energy saving bulbs activated by a dawn to dusk sensor.

 * #### Secure plant pots to the ground using a bolt and retaining anchor plate and mark tools and furniture with your postcode followed by your house number.

 * #### Sheds typically contain tools, bikes and gardening equipment which are not just valuable but which could prove useful to a burglar, so secure the door with padbolts and close-shackle padlocks or a padlock alarm. Hinges should be fitted using coach bolts and large backing washers. You could also think about installing a shed alarm and a lockable chest for chemicals and valuable equipment.

 * #### Secure an oil tank with padlocks, oil level gauge, security lighting and defensive planting. Speak to your local Crime Reduction officer for information on suitable alarms.

 * #### If finances allow, install motion sensitive CCTV.

#### Check out the Secured by Design garden at the RHS Hampton Court Palace Flower Show, designed by Capel Manor College to a specification by the Metropolitan Police Service

Posted on 17 August 2018 at 12:40pm in News stories
