```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-21T14:21:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-21T13:20:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is warning local residents to be vigilant for an email scam in which the sender claims to be the local reverend and asks the recipient to purchase high value Amazon gift cards on their behalf. Church wardens, treasurers and volunteers have been targeted, with some emails claiming to be from the Archbishop [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/08/shutterstock_683138257-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Church office holders targeted by gift card email scam - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/church-office-holders-targeted-by-gift-card-scam-email-scam/
title: Church office holders targeted by gift card email scam
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/church-office-holders-targeted-by-gift-card-scam-email-scam/
```

Last modified: 21 August 2020 at 03:21pm

Widespread reports across North Yorkshire.

North Yorkshire Police is warning local residents to be vigilant for an email scam in which the sender claims to be the local reverend and asks the recipient to purchase high value Amazon gift cards on their behalf.

Church wardens, treasurers and volunteers have been targeted, with some emails claiming to be from the Archbishop of York. The initial email follows a standard format and reads:

_“Do you have a moment I have a request I need you to handle discreetly. I am currently busy in a prayer session, no calls so just reply my email.”_

Then, if the recipient enters into a dialogue they will be asked to purchase Amazon gift cards as ‘thank you’ presents for members of the church family. The scammer provides reassurances that the money will be reimbursed and asks the individual to send photos of the gift cards or vouchers which allows them to collect the unique codes and use the cards to make online purchases.

Individuals who work or volunteer for churches in the Diocese of York have been targeted, with one church office holder purchasing gift cards but thankfully realising this was a scam before it was too late.

Residents are being urged to check the sender email address of any emails appearing to be from a reverend or other church representative and not to make any purchases based on email correspondence received.

Anyone receiving these emails should report it to North Yorkshire Police by calling 101.

Posted on 21 August 2020 at 02:20pm in Fraud, News stories
