```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-22T15:00:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-22T14:58:29+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "A unique police tractor \u2013 decked out with \u2018blues and twos\u2019 and authentic police livery \u2013 will be coming to schools in York, Harrogate, Shipton by Beningbrough, Richmond and Selby. The tractor, named \u2018Bobby\u2019, was a popular sight at shows and events across rural North Yorkshire last summer, with thousands of people (young and old) [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/The-Police-Tractor-at-the-Tockwith-Show-in-August-2017-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Schools in North Yorkshire get the &#039;X Tractor&#039; thanks to police Rural Taskforce - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/schools-in-north-yorkshire-get-the-x-tractor-thanks-to-police-rural-taskforce/
title: Schools in North Yorkshire get the 'X Tractor' thanks to police Rural Taskforce
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/schools-in-north-yorkshire-get-the-x-tractor-thanks-to-police-rural-taskforce/
```

Last modified: 22 May 2018 at 04:00pm

Five lucky schools in North Yorkshire will get visits from a police vehicle with a difference this summer.

A unique police tractor – decked out with ‘blues and twos’ and authentic police livery – will be coming to schools in York, Harrogate, Shipton by Beningbrough, Richmond and Selby.

The tractor, named ‘Bobby’, was a popular sight at shows and events across rural North Yorkshire last summer, with thousands of people (young and old) stopping by to take a selfie with the tractor, and chat to officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce.

This year – in addition to another packed summer of events including the Great Yorkshire Show – the tractor will travel to New Earswick Primary School (York), Oatlands Infant School (Harrogate), Forest of Galtres Anglican Methodist Primary School (Shipton by Beningbrough), Richmond Church of England Primary School, and Hambleton Church of England Primary School (Selby).

Youngsters at each of those schools were chosen out of dozens who entered a competition to win a visit.

PC David Mackay, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “Bobby the Police Tractor was a huge hit across North Yorkshire last year, and no doubt we’ll get an equally enthusiastic response this year.

“We’re particularly looking forward to visiting the schools this year. It’s important that young people know their local police, and understand our role, that we’re here to help them. That’s why it’s so great that they can meet us face-to-face, and have a bit of fun with our police tractor at the same time.”

The tractor has been loaned to North Yorkshire Police by Ripon Farm Services, to help increase police engagement with rural communities.

PC Mackay added: “People who live in rural areas can be the ‘eyes and ears’ of the police – knowing better than anyone when something is out-of-place, not quite right, or suspicious.

“By building strong relationships with the local community, people are far more likely to get in touch with the police to provide information which could prove crucial in spotting new crime trends or bringing offenders to justice.”

Last year Emily Woodyatt, from Carleton Primary School in Skipton, won a competition to name the new tractor. Her winning name, ‘Bobby’ – and the tractor itself – was officially unveiled in June last year, before paying a visit to her own school where it got a rapturous reception.

https://northyorkshire.police.uk/content/uploads/2018/05/VIDEO-Bobby-the-Police-Tractor-visits-Carleton-Primary-School-2017.mp4

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce works proactively alongside colleagues, partners and volunteers to increase engagement with rural communities, target criminals who offend in our rural areas, and provide bespoke crime prevention advice to those at risk of criminality.

People in York can also see the police tractor up close in Parliament Street on Friday 1 June, at the Farmers Market, from 9am. Don’t forget to bring along valuable property such as bikes, which can be security-marked, and a camera to have your photo taken with the tractor!

You can also meet members of the Taskforce (and Bobby!) at community events throughout the year, including markets, auctions and shows. Follow the team’s work on Twitter at @NYPRuralTF or via the North Yorkshire Police Rural Task Force Facebook page.

Posted on 22 May 2018 at 03:58pm in News stories
