```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-13T14:10:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-18T14:09:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted robbery that occurred in Skipton.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Attempted robbery at Skipton Castle - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-robbery-skipton-castle/
title: Attempted robbery at Skipton Castle
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/attempted-robbery-skipton-castle/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2016 at 02:10pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an attempted robbery that occurred in Skipton.

It happened at Skipton Castle between 1530 and 1600hrs on 16th August 2015 and involved a family walking around the castle grounds sightseeing. The mother of the family was stood watching a replica battle taking place. At this time she had her small canvas bag around her shoulder. Whilst stood watching the female noticed a hand on her bag. The female pulled the bag towards her front. The female then looked to her right and saw a man described as Asian, approximately 40yrs old, balding short dark hair, wearing a black leather jacket, medium build, 5'9″ tall. The male was in company with another Asian male and two Asian females. The incident caused a small bruise to the left hand hip of the female. Nothing taken.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the Asian family in particular the Asian male described above.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for David McManus. You can also email david.mcmanus@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12150144549.

**18 September 2015**

INCIDENT REFERENCE: 12150144549

Posted on 18 September 2015 at 02:09pm in News stories
