```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:47:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-04-04T13:23:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have issued a further appeal for witnesses following a fatal collision near Bolton Abbey earlier this year.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Fatal collision near Bolton Abbey earlier this year - further witnesses sought - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-near-bolton-abbey-earlier-this-year-further-witnesses-sought/
title: Fatal collision near Bolton Abbey earlier this year - further witnesses sought
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/fatal-collision-near-bolton-abbey-earlier-this-year-further-witnesses-sought/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:47am

Police have issued a further appeal for witnesses following a fatal collision near Bolton Abbey earlier this year.

The collision occurred at around 11.30am on Sunday 15 February 2015, on the B6160 between Bolton Abbey and Barden Tower.

Traffic Constable Ken Riley, of Skipton Roads Policing Group, said: "I would like to thank the large number of people who responded to our initial appeal for witnesses at the time of the incident. The information received as a result of those witnesses contacting us has been vital to our investigation.

"However, we are now particularly interested in speaking to the driver of a red car seen in the area close to the scene of the incident, and I am urging them to come forward as they may have information relevant to the investigation."

The driver and vehicle were observed by a witness near to the archway on the main road as it travels through the Bolton Abbey estate. The vehicle in question was travelling towards the A59 and Addingham. It would have passed by the scene of the collision before it occurred, and so the driver may not be aware that they have seen anything relevant.

The only description of the vehicle is that it is red in colour.

TC Riley added: "Were you driving a red vehicle through the Bolton Abbey estate on Sunday 15 February, at around 11.30am? If so, please contact me, as you may be able to help our investigation."

Anyone with information which could help this investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Traffic Constable Ken Riley or Skipton Roads Policing Group. Alternatively, information can be emailed to kenneth.riley@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk.

Please quote reference number 12150025569 when passing information about this incident.

Posted on 4 April 2015 at 01:23pm in News stories
