```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-02T15:08:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-02T14:23:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Shortly after 2.30pm yesterday (1 September 2020), North Yorkshire Police officers were alerted to a vehicle believed to be using false registration plates travelling north on the A19. Traffic officers attempted to stop the vehicle but the driver ignored the requests, continuing on the A19. As the vehicle was heading further north, officers requested assistance [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/09/Eg2fok3WoAADmwF-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Team effort recovers vehicle stolen from West Midlands - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/team-effort-recovers-vehicle-stolen-from-west-midlands/
title: Team effort recovers vehicle stolen from West Midlands
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/team-effort-recovers-vehicle-stolen-from-west-midlands/
```

Last modified: 2 September 2020 at 04:08pm

North Yorkshire Police, Cleveland Police, National Police Air Service and police dog bring suspect to a stop.

Shortly after 2.30pm yesterday (1 September 2020), North Yorkshire Police officers were alerted to a vehicle believed to be using false registration plates travelling north on the A19.

Traffic officers attempted to stop the vehicle but the driver ignored the requests, continuing on the A19. As the vehicle was heading further north, officers requested assistance from colleagues at Cleveland Police and the National Police Air Service (NPAS).

Whilst trying to evade police, the driver of the vehicle attempted several times to ram an officer’s car and when this plan failed, he left the vehicle and started to flee on foot.

The suspect crossed four lanes of the busy A19 before disappearing into the fields beyond. However, his running was no match for the NPAS helicopter which was able to track his movements from above, followed closely by keen-nosed Police Dog Kenai who swiftly located the man hiding in a hedge.

Officers were able to safely detain the 31 year-old Birmingham man and subsequently discovered that not only was he driving a suspected stolen vehicle but he was also driving whilst disqualified, with no insurance and tested positive for drugs. He was arrested on suspicion of vehicle theft, dangerous driving, driving under the influence of drugs, failing to stop when requested by police, driving without insurance, driving whilst disqualified and possession of a class B drug.

The man is now in the custody of West Midlands Police whilst they continue the investigation.

Posted on 2 September 2020 at 03:23pm in News stories
