```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-22T12:38:18+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Operation Aidant is co-ordinated by the National Crime Agency (NCA). The operation is run nationally every year and involves local police forces working alongside partner agencies to focus on Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking. The week of action saw various North Yorkshire Police (NYP) Teams, Home Office Immigration Enforcement, Health and Safety Executive (HSE), North [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Operation Aidant tackles Modern Slavery with multi-agency action - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-aidant-tackles-modern-slavery-with-multi-agency-action/
title: Operation Aidant tackles Modern Slavery with multi-agency action
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/operation-aidant-tackles-modern-slavery-with-multi-agency-action/
```

Last modified: 22 May 2018 at 01:38pm

Last week (14 – 20 May 2018), officers across the county worked with a number of partnership agencies to take action in the fight against Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.

Operation Aidant is co-ordinated by the National Crime Agency (NCA). The operation is run nationally every year and involves local police forces working alongside partner agencies to focus on Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.

The week of action saw various North Yorkshire Police (NYP) Teams, Home Office Immigration Enforcement, Health and Safety Executive (HSE), North Yorkshire Fire & Rescue (NYFRS), Housing Authorities, The Security Authority, Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC), & Department for Work and Pensions working together under Operation Aidant, to raise awareness of Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking amongst communities and businesses across North Yorkshire and the City of York.

The focus of the week was to safeguard vulnerable workers, engage with businesses and gather information and intelligence to be used in future operations.

Modern slavery and human trafficking (MSHT) in the UK is far more prevalent than previously thought. These exploitative crimes are a growing issue affecting men, woman and children up and down the country.

Throughout the week, more than 21 nail bars and hand car washes were visited by NYP Neighbourhood Policing Officers, HSE Inspectors and Immigration. The HSE issued seven prohibition notices at three car washes in York and Malton.

The teams also visited Construction Sites and Agricultural Businesses in company with the Security Authority Industry & Immigration to ensure that Security Staff and Labourers were complying with policies and procedures to work safety and legitimately on the sites & that employees were also complying with staff welfare procedures.

HMRC assisted with background checks of employees and will continue to review this information and take any necessary action in the next few weeks.

Across the seven days of action, NYP Roads Policing Group stopped and searched 14 wagons and the Rural Policing Team visited more than 30 farming businesses.

Human Trafficking is a type of Modern Slavery and is defined as when Individuals are moved, either internationally or domestically, so they can be exploited.

Victims of Modern Slavery are viewed as a commodity to be traded or exploited over and over again. This may be for use in criminal purposes, forced labour, domestic servitude or for sexual exploitation.

Cases of modern slavery have been found all across the country, at car washes, construction sites, in agricultural industries and in food processing. Victims are payed little and forced to put up with poor living and working conditions.

Some are forced into sex work or into the production of cannabis, with their freedom of movement removed from them, as their passports and papers are taken away, effectively trapping them into the situation.

Speaking about Operation Aidant, Detective Superintendent Allan Harder, North Yorkshire Police’s lead for Safeguarding said:

“North Yorkshire is not immune to Modern slavery and Human Trafficking. We know there are many men, women and children who are suffering at the hands of criminals. These victims are being forced into situations which causes them distress and harm.

“The nature of these crimes means that victims are hidden and controlled so it can be hard to spot or recognise, particularly for victims of sexual exploitation, force labour or domestic servitude.

“North Yorkshire Police is committed to tackling this type of crime and we are determined to safeguard those who fall victim at the hands of criminals. However, we need the information from the public in order to help us identify evidence of Modern Slavery.

“When people are being exploited they often don’t realise they are a victim. We want everyone to be aware of how to recognise the signs of modern slavery and come forward to tell the police, so we can take action and keep people safe”.

“If you think that modern slavery may be happening near you, contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 – if there is an immediate threat, always call 999.

“You can also contact the Modern Slavery helpline on 08000121700 is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week** or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800555111.”

North Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service supported the Operation Aidant week of action by conducting 17 compliance visits to buildings in Harrogate, Scarborough, York, and Selby, under the Regulatory Reform Fire Safety Order 2005.

The buildings visited during the week had existing prohibition notices remain in force to prevent the buildings being used for sleeping accommodation and buildings where North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Authority have taken prosecution action in the past because there was evidence that in the event of fire there would be serious risk to life.

Station manager David Watson said:

“The results of these fire safety visits were extremely encouraging because in most of the premises that were operating, there was no repeat fire safety problems found.

“The positive outcomes from these visits show that business owners are taking heed of fire safety enforcement action and warnings which are issued by North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service staff.

“This type of joint partner working with other agencies is very effective in checking that some business and some houses in multiple occupation landlords are managing their fire safety obligations effectively. This is helping to ensure that were sleeping accommodation is provided for workers, it is safe in the event of fire.

North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service would like to remind business owners and landlords that it is important that they are aware of the legislative requirements they need to comply with including having an up to date fire risk assessment.”

The Security Authority Industry’s investigations team also played a part in Operation Aidant last week. Officers visited two construction sites in York to assess the working conditions of security guards on site. Where they found concerning working practices, these were recorded and reported back to the relevant agencies to be followed up.

**How to recognise the signs of modern slavery**

Whilst slavery can be hard to identify, there are some indicative signs you can be aware of:

**PHYSICAL APPEARANCE** – Victims may show signs of physical or psychological abuse, look malnourished or unkempt, or appear withdrawn

**ISOLATION** – Victims may rarely be allowed to travel on their own, seem under the control, influence of others, rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work

**POOR LIVING CONDITIONS** – Victims may be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and/or living and working at the same address

**FEW OR NO PERSONAL EFFECTS** – Victims may have no identification documents, have few personal possessions and always wear the same clothes day in day out. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work ****

**RESTRICTED FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT** – Victims have little opportunity to move freely and may have had their travel documents retained, e.g. passports

**UNUSUAL TRAVEL TIMES** – They may be dropped off/collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night

**RELUCTANT TO SEEK HELP** – Victims may avoid eye contact, appear frightened or hesitant to talk to strangers and fear law enforcers for many reasons, such as not knowing who to trust or where to get help, fear of deportation, fear of violence to them or their family.

If you see something, say something and together we can break the cycle of exploitation.

Posted on 22 May 2018 at 01:38pm in News stories
