```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-23T14:26:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:00:05+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Over the last few years I have consistently called for a further reduction in the drink drive limit in this country. Throughout my police service, since the 1980s, we have seen significant reductions in the number of people killed and seriously injured on our roads, with many people being saved as a result.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/01/Tim-webready.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: One for the road? - Acting Chief Constable Tim Madgwick - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/one-road-tim-madgwick/
title: One for the road? - Acting Chief Constable Tim Madgwick
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/one-road-tim-madgwick/
```

Last modified: 23 August 2016 at 02:26pm

Over the last few years I have consistently called for a further reduction in the drink drive limit in this country. Throughout my police service, since the 1980s, we have seen significant reductions in the number of people killed and seriously injured on our roads, with many people being saved as a result.

Further legislation and cultural change has meant it is now significantly safer to drive a motor vehicle on our roads than at any point in the last 30 years. However, that does not mean that it isn’t now time to reflect on how we could further enhance road safety at a time when we have seen a plateauing of reductions in terms of fatalities and serious injuries.

In recent years we have seen Scotland reduce drink drive limits and we now stand as the only country in Europe, alongside Malta, with the higher limit of 80mg per 100ml. One would have to question the rationale for that.

One explanation I have been given in the past is that Government wants us to concentrate on more serious offending; I would question what could be more serious than someone suffering a fatality as a result of an individual who is under the drink drive limit but whose driving is significantly impaired.

The respected authority Professor Richard Allsop published a report in December 2015 for the RAC Foundation, Saving Lives by Lowering the Legal Drink-Drive Limit. At the end of this report, the stark one liner is that comparing data from 2010, if we had had the lower limit, 25 lives each year would have been saved, and just under 100 individuals would have been saved from serious injury.

At North Yorkshire Police, our 2016 summer drink and drug driving campaign saw 177 people arrested for offences - a depressing increase on previous years. It does appear that the message is stalling in certain sectors of our society and people are prepared to take the risk and endanger the lives of others.

Is it not time for us to review and reduce the limit, and ensure that we can spare 25 families the distress of grieving for a loved one who potentially could have been saved, let alone the 100 families who would be spared from having to go through the support and trauma linked to serious injury on the roads?

**Acting Chief Constable Tim Madgwick is NPCC Lead for Motorcycling and Bikesafe, and Chair of 95 Alive, the Road Safety Partnership in North Yorkshire**

Posted on 23 August 2016 at 09:00am in News stories
