```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-23T15:36:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-23T03:24:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers have been able establish conclusively that nobody had been forced into a van, nobody has been taken, and nobody was at risk. We are mindful that this has caused a great deal of concern in the local community and on social media. We thank people for supporting the investigation and we are pleased that [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Update on reported van incident in York \u2013 police confirm there was nothing suspicious - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reports-of-van-being-driven-in-suspicious-circumstances-around-york/
title: "Update on reported van incident in York \u2013 police confirm there was nothing suspicious"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/reports-of-van-being-driven-in-suspicious-circumstances-around-york/
```

Last modified: 23 February 2019 at 03:36pm

Following extensive enquiries in York linked to a report of a suspicious van and a claim that someone had been abducted in the Strensall area on Friday (22 Feb 2019) evening, North Yorkshire can reassure residents that there is nothing to be concerned about.

Officers have been able establish conclusively that nobody had been forced into a van, nobody has been taken, and nobody was at risk.

We are mindful that this has caused a great deal of concern in the local community and on social media.

We thank people for supporting the investigation and we are pleased that we have been able to confirm without doubt that nothing untoward had occurred.

**Original statement**

**Reports of van being driven in suspicious circumstances around York**

We've had a large number of calls from members of the public about a van being driven in suspicious circumstances around York, some of which include reports of approaches to young people.

We take these concerns seriously. We are currently investigating a number of lines of enquiry to determine the exact circumstances behind these reports.

Keeping everyone safe is our top priority, and officers have been out across the city in response to the reports, offering reassurance.

Unfortunately, some of the calls to us are reporting information that has been widely shared on social media, which can impact upon the investigation. For this reason, please follow verified accounts, such as the North Yorkshire Police Facebook and Twitter accounts.

If you see any suspicious activity in your area, it's important that you contact the police. Dial 101, or, if it's a genuine emergency (for example, a crime is happening now), call 999. Officers will respond immediately if required.

Posted on 23 February 2019 at 03:24am in News stories
