```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-23T16:46:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-23T16:39:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Graham Leslie Howard, 47, of Croft Avenue, who previously lived in York, Scarborough and Darlington was jailed at York Crown Court on 23 August 2019 after being found guilty of 18 charges including 11 counts of the rape of a child, two of indecency with a child, three indecent assaults, and two of causing or [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/08/Graham-Leslie-Howard-16011972-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Depraved child abuser jailed for 30 years - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/depraved-child-abuser-jailed-for-30-years/
title: Depraved child abuser jailed for 30 years
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/depraved-child-abuser-jailed-for-30-years/
```

Last modified: 23 August 2019 at 05:46pm

A Knottingley man has been jailed for 30 years for the horrific abuse of children.

Graham Leslie Howard, 47, of Croft Avenue, who previously lived in York, Scarborough and Darlington was jailed at York Crown Court on 23 August 2019 after being found guilty of 18 charges including 11 counts of the rape of a child, two of indecency with a child, three indecent assaults, and two of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual behaviour.

Graham Leslie Howard

He also faced trial for three offences of cruelty to a child but pleaded guilty to those charges just before the start of his trial.

Howard subjected the children to unspeakable, sickening abuse, both sexual and physical. Following his imprisonment, Investigating officer, Detective Constable Rosie Rogers of Scarborough CID, said: “This is one of the worst cases of child abuse I have ever dealt with. No child should have to go through the terror and pain that they suffered at his hands.

“Although the sentence reflects the seriousness of his horrific crimes, nothing can take away the trauma he has inflicted on those children and the impact on the rest of their lives.

“They have been incredibly brave in coming forward to re-live their ordeals and in doing so have ensured that a dangerous man is now behind bars where he cannot harm any more children. I hope the result gives them some form of closure on a horrendous time in their lives.

“Protecting children is everyone’s responsibility and I urge anyone who is aware of any child being abused that they step forward and report it. Don’t turn a blind eye and think it’s none of your business, it is, please tell us.”

If you have been the victim of sexual abuse, whether it is happening now or in the past, please contact the police. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available. Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

We appreciate that telling the police what has happened takes courage. It is not easy reliving such distressing situations. We understand this and have specially trained officers who will guide you through the process as well as signposting you to other agencies who can help you.

Child sexual abuse and exploitation is a foremost priority for all police forces and all reports will be fully investigated. Please do not suffer alone, if you have been abused, please report it.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police, call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000

Posted on 23 August 2019 at 05:39pm in News stories
