```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:41:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-03T09:14:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: '&nbsp; The incident took place on Gargrave Road at approximately 10am on Monday 4 December 2017 when the victim was walking up past St.Stephens Church, which is condemned. At this time the victim saw around five men, thought to be in their late teens, climbing on the building&#8217;s old garage. A verbal altercation took place, [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a recent assault in Skipton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-skipton/
title: Appeal following a recent assault in Skipton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-recent-assault-skipton/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:41am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault that occurred in Skipton.

The incident took place on Gargrave Road at approximately 10am on Monday 4 December 2017 when the victim was walking up past St.Stephens Church, which is condemned. At this time the victim saw around five men, thought to be in their late teens, climbing on the building's old garage.

A verbal altercation took place, which resulted in the group of men getting down from the building and walking towards the victim. The victim was then punched in the face and the group of men made off in the direction of Gargrave Road.

Police are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information about the men involved. The man thought to have been involved in the assault is described as white, brown shoulder length hair, wearing red & white jacket, grey jogging bottoms and Nike trainers.

Another man in the group is described as white, blonde hair with a spotty complexion, wearing an NY jacket in blue and grey jogging bottoms.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for David McManus. You can also email david.mcmanus@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170217099.

Contact details:
 David McManus \- #1117
david.mcmanus@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 31117
Incident reference:
 12170217099
Posted on 3 January 2018 at 09:14am in Local appeals
