```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T09:09:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-05-05T09:07:46+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Over the next week North Yorkshire Police will be supporting a Europe-wide TISPOL seatbelt campaign.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire Police support European seatbelt campaign - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-support-european-seatbelt-campaign/
title: North Yorkshire Police support European seatbelt campaign
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-police-support-european-seatbelt-campaign/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 09:09am

Over the next week North Yorkshire Police will be supporting a Europe-wide TISPOL seatbelt campaign.

TISPOL is an organisation established by the traffic police forces of Europe, in order to improve road safety and law enforcement on European roads. Its main priority is to reduce the number of people being killed and seriously injured.

With recent figures from the Department for Transport showing that almost 1 in every 10 vehicles (8%) stopped in Great Britain during the BRAKE 2014 road safety week, were for seatbelt or child restraint offences, it's clear that people are still taking the chance and driving without ensuring that their passengers and themselves are belted in.

The figures also show that there were 53 child deaths in 2014, 5 more than 2013. The increase is believed to be down to children's car seats not being fitted correctly, with an estimated 2 in every 3 car seats not being properly fitted.

The campaign, which runs from 7 to 13 September, demonstrates the coordinated approach that police forces across Europe are taking in tackling this issue.

Alongside drawing attention to the obvious safety benefits of wearing a seatbelt, North Yorkshire Police also want to highlight to drivers that they will be actively enforcing seatbelt offences during the campaign. Police will also take the opportunity to remind drivers that it is their responsibility to ensure their passengers are wearing seatbelts, especially younger passengers who may not be old enough to take responsibility for themselves.

Research suggests wearing a seatbelt can reduce the fatality rate in a crash by 50% in the front of a car and 25% in the back. Wearing a belt in the back of the car not only could save a rear passengers life, it's also crucial to the safety of the driver and any front passengers. Studies have found that unbelted rear passengers - who are thrown forward into the back of the front seats - increase the risk of deaths for belted front-seat occupants.

Speaking about the campaign Sergeant Yvonne Taylor said -

"Wearing a seatbelt has been the law for over thirty years, this is not a new safety message but unfortunately we continue to see people driving without their seatbelt and children not being properly secured in a correctly fitted car seat.

"We know that tackling the fatal 4 offences, one of which is the non-wearing of seatbelts, will save lives and prevent injury - it is estimated that 1 in 3 people who are killed in vehicles are not wearing seatbelts and half of them could have been saved had they worn them.

"So the message to all drivers is very clear, wear a seatbelt - it can save your life."

9/9/15

Posted on 5 May 2015 at 09:07am in News stories
