```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-12T14:28:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-12T14:01:23+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Operation Cracker will see officers and police volunteers calling on residents \u2013 young and old &#8211;\_ in areas where there is a high proportion of older people. Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an eye out for their older and more vulnerable neighbours [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/12/Cracker-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police volunteers take Christmas spirit into York communities - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-take-christmas-spirit-york-communities/
title: Police volunteers take Christmas spirit into York communities
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-volunteers-take-christmas-spirit-york-communities/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2017 at 02:28pm

Police volunteers will be helping to keep older York residents safe this Christmas as part of an initiative to protect vulnerable people over the festive season.

Operation Cracker will see officers and police volunteers calling on residents – young and old - in areas where there is a high proportion of older people.

Older residents will be offered crime prevention and welfare advice while younger residents will be encouraged to keep an eye out for their older and more vulnerable neighbours over Christmas.

It will operate on 15 and 16 December and coincide with the Keeping safe at Christmas roadshow that will arrive at Acomb Explore on 16 December.

Inspector Lee Pointon of York Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “For the elderly, this can often be a very lonely time of year, it is also the time of year when they are most vulnerable. The change in temperature can leave them at further risk of illness and their vulnerability increases the risk of becoming a victim of crime

“During Operation Cracker we’ll be visiting areas where there is a higher population of older people and making sure they are equipped with the right support to get them through, what for some, can be a tough time of year.

“We’ll be providing advice such as home security and how to keep your valuables safe when you’re out and about, as well as signposting to support from partner agencies including Age UK’s befriending service and local groups that can provide support if they are spending Christmas alone.

“My thanks go to our fantastic volunteers for their support and enthusiasm for this operation. Their assistance means we can visit a lot more people and help make their Christmas a safe and secure one.”

Operation Cracker will operated in York on Friday 15 and Saturday 16. A team of Police Support Volunteers will work in pairs with police officers or Police Community Support Officers and will be carrying their identity badge.

Insp Pointon added: “If anyone feels uncomfortable about answering their door, we understand this and will be happy to wait outside if you want to check out who we are or call a friend or neighbour over. You can check our credentials by calling us on 101, and after you reach the automated switchboard, wait for the operator, then pass on our officers name and collar number. Our operators can then confirm whether they are a genuine member of staff and if they should be in your area at that time.”

Keeping safe at Christmas roadshow

The operation is part of a weekend of crime prevention initiatives led by Police Support Volunteers.

The Keeping safe at Christmas roadshow and the “dot peen” property marking machine will arrive at Acomb Explore on Saturday 16 December between 10am and 2pm.

Residents are encouraged to come along to get some valuable crime prevention advice, in particular how to stay safe while you’re doing your Christmas shopping – whether that’s online or offline, staying safe on nights out and how to protect your home and belongings.

The dot peen property marking system can mark just about any item, from laptops to golf clubs, so bring your valuables along and get them marked and registered to make them less appealing to criminals. It also means you can quickly be reunited with your items if they are stolen and recovered. We’ll also have clear evidence that they are stolen strengthening any prospect of a prosecution.

You can also find out about North Yorkshire Community Messaging, a messaging system that residents can sign up to to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their area.

Posted on 12 December 2017 at 02:01pm in News stories
