```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-15T10:59:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-05-15T10:59:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Two Romanian men are due at court charged in connection with an alleged roadside scam in North Yorkshire.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Roadside scam suspects charged - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/roadside-scam-suspects-charged/
title: Roadside scam suspects charged
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/roadside-scam-suspects-charged/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2016 at 10:59am

Two Romanian men are due at court charged in connection with an alleged roadside scam in North Yorkshire.

The men, aged 31 and 41 and based in Middlesbrough, were arrested at 1.15pm on 27 March 2016 after being pulled over by officers on the A684 at Constable Burton, near Leyburn.

Police were alerted by two motorists who had been flagged down by the men in a blue Mercedes car close to Bedale Golf Club at around 12.40pm. They claimed they had run out of fuel and needed money. They allegedly offered to exchange gold for cash.

Following questioning, the men were released on bail to allow more time for investigation.

They answered bail on Friday (22 April) were each charged with two counts of fraud by false representation. The 31-year-old man was also charged with driving without insurance.

They are due to appear at Northallerton Magistrates' Court on 20 May, 1.30pm, court room 1.

**Continued call for vigilance**

Motorists are urged to remain vigilant and report other suspected roadside scams to the police without delay.

This follows a number of recent arrests and charges, including a further three men arrested in the Croft-on-Tees area at 10.41am on Saturday 23 April 2016.

They are aged 24, 24 and 20 and reside in Birmingham, but originally from Romania. They allegedly claimed their Audi car required fuel and stopped motorists for assistance.

Following questioning they were released on police bail.

A 40-year-old man from Middlesbrough, originally from Romania, is due at Northallerton Magistrates' Court on 29 April 2016, 9.30am, court room 1, charged with fraud by false representation and theft of a mobile phone following an incident between Wetherby and Leeming Bar on 3 April 2016.

In another case on the A1(T) near Skeeby, Richmond, which occurred at around 2pm on Friday 18 March 2016, police arrested two Bradford-based men who are originally from Romania. The 33 and 32-year-olds were released on conditional police bail following questioning. Their vehicle, a 52-reg Vauxhall Astra, was seized as part of the on-going fraud investigation. The 33-year-old was later released without charge and the 32-year-old was re-bailed while enquiries continue.

There have been other incidents reported in the Selby and Harrogate areas, and possibly others that have not been brought to the attention of the police.

Inspector Mark Gee, of Richmond Police, said: "As we have seen, North Yorkshire Police has taken decisive action to investigate these worrying incidents and our officers are doing everything possible to seek justice.

"While these enquiries continue and the suspects go through the court system, it is vital that people keep alert to potential roadside scams involving the exchange of money for gold for the apparent purchase of fuel or for tyre repairs."

Please report information to North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 55511.

If you feel threatened and an emergency response is required, always dial 999.

Posted on 15 May 2016 at 10:59am in News stories
