```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-12T16:30:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-13T08:00:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The Rape Monitoring Group draws on data from the Home Office, the Office of National Statistics, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Ministry of Justice to analyse how rape is dealt with in each police force area across England and Wales. The report for North Yorkshire indicates that 68 percent of the rape cases that [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Rape report shows high conviction rate in North Yorkshire - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rape-report-shows-high-conviction-rate-north-yorkshire/
title: Rape report shows high conviction rate in North Yorkshire
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/rape-report-shows-high-conviction-rate-north-yorkshire/
```

Last modified: 12 October 2016 at 04:30pm

North Yorkshire Police has the highest rape conviction rate in Yorkshire and the Humber region, according to figures in a new report published by the Rape Monitoring Group.

The Rape Monitoring Group draws on data from the Home Office, the Office of National Statistics, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Ministry of Justice to analyse how rape is dealt with in each police force area across England and Wales.

The report for North Yorkshire indicates that 68 percent of the rape cases that are prosecuted in the region result in a conviction – a rise of 40 percentage points compared with five years ago. This is higher than other local Forces, and the highest in North Yorkshire Police’s group of “most similar Forces” across the country.

The report also highlights a changing trend in the reporting of rape. Whilst 175 cases were reported in North Yorkshire in 2011, the figure has more than doubled in the last five years to 378 reports in 2016. This trend is echoed elsewhere in the country, with some Forces seeing a tripling in the number of reports.

Speaking about the report, North Yorkshire Police's Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Winward said:

“Rape is an extremely serious offence, and can be one of the most complex to investigate. This report provides an insight into how we are dealing with incidents in North Yorkshire.

“We have been working very closely with the Crown Prosecution to make sure that the cases we present to them are as strong as possible, so it is encouraging to see that work is paying off in the high proportion of prosecutions we achieve.

“This positive report comes on the back of news that North Yorkshire achieved the highest conviction rate in the country for rape convictions in August, and was fourth in the country for successful prosecutions for sexual offences against women and girls during 2015/16. Tackling criminals who prey on vulnerable people is a top priority for North Yorkshire Police, and there is a growing body of evidence to show that we are making a positive difference.

“Some people may be surprised that the number of reported rapes has risen so significantly, but it is important to remember that this does not mean that the number of actual rapes has dramatically increased. What the report’s figures don’t show, is that a significant proportion – as much as 40 percent - of the rape reports we received over the last year related to “historic” offences.

“The fact that more victims are reporting incidents of rape is – at least in part - a result of the improvements we have made in the way we handle incidents of rape, and advances in the support available to victims. We will keep working to improve this, and our investigative success rate, even further in the future.”

**Note** : In this media release the term "historic" refers to rapes that were reported twelve months or more after the incident occurred.

Posted on 13 October 2016 at 08:00am in News stories
