```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-12T15:55:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-12T15:46:39+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The 13 year-olds\_ had been captured on CCTV making their way onto the rooftops of business premises in the town centre at 6.10pm on Thursday 20 June 2019. Enquiries revealed the identities of the youths who attended local high schools. After speaking with officers, accompanied by their parents, the boys admitted to being involved and [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/Selby-NPT-1024x775.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Teens in Selby agree to repay criminal damage - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/teens-in-selby-agree-to-repay-criminal-damage/
title: Teens in Selby agree to repay criminal damage
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/teens-in-selby-agree-to-repay-criminal-damage/
```

Last modified: 12 July 2019 at 04:55pm

Four teenagers, who admitted to causing damage to the rooftops of business premises in Selby, have agreed to repay the cost of the damage.

The 13 year-olds had been captured on CCTV making their way onto the rooftops of business premises in the town centre at 6.10pm on Thursday 20 June 2019.

Enquiries revealed the identities of the youths who attended local high schools.

After speaking with officers, accompanied by their parents, the boys admitted to being involved and agreed to repay the cost of the damage.

They were also issued with an Acceptable Behaviour Contracts (ABC), a written agreement not to behave anti-socially in the future, or face more formal consequences.

Local neighbourhood officer, PC Kylie Boyle said:

“Tackling anti-social behaviour is a key priority for us in Selby and as a community we should not have to accept this behaviour.

__“ Acceptable Behaviour Contracts are used as a way of dealing with anti-social individuals, and particularly young people, to nip the problem behaviour in the bud before it escalates.

“I’m pleased that the four boys have taken responsibility for their actions and have agreed to pay for the damage that they caused.

“We'd encourage anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour, or who has any information about those responsible, to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 and speak to the Force Control Room.

“Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Reference: 12190118515

Posted on 12 July 2019 at 04:46pm in News stories
