```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-12-16T15:54:55+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: One of the stolen quads was recovered within an hour of its theft, thanks to a vehicle tracker. The quad bikes were targeted overnight between 11 and 12 December 2019, from premises south-west of Harrogate. One, a dark green Kawasaki KVF750, was taken from a rural property near North Rigton. It has not been recovered, [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Quad bike recovered thanks to tracker, after theft from rural Harrogate area - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-recovered-thanks-to-tracker-after-theft-from-rural-harrogate-area/
title: Quad bike recovered thanks to tracker, after theft from rural Harrogate area
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/quad-bike-recovered-thanks-to-tracker-after-theft-from-rural-harrogate-area/
```

Last modified: 16 December 2019 at 03:54pm

Police in North Yorkshire are urging quad bike owners in rural areas to reinforce their security, after two were taken in the rural Harrogate area.

One of the stolen quads was recovered within an hour of its theft, thanks to a vehicle tracker.

The quad bikes were targeted overnight between 11 and 12 December 2019, from premises south-west of Harrogate.

One, a dark green Kawasaki KVF750, was taken from a rural property near North Rigton. It has not been recovered, and anyone with any information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police quoting reference 12190227066.

The other quad was stolen from near Castley at about 2.40am. Thanks to tracking data, it was found parked in the Otley area at about 3am. No one was nearby, but the quad was returned to its rightful owner the same day.

Both premises have subsequently been visited by specialist police Rural Taskforce staff, to provide expert crime prevention advice.

Two quad bike thefts were reported in the same area in November, in Denton and Low Snowdon.

North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce is reminding all quad bike owners, particularly those in the Harrogate area, to take extra precautions in light of the thefts:

 * Park as close to your premises as possible, ideally in a locked outbuilding with CCTV and security lighting, preferably out of sight from nearby roads.
 * Remove keys when not in use, and do not leave them near the quad.
 * Fit a GPS tracking device.
 * Secure with wheel clamps and/or locking posts, and consider an alarm.
 * Mark or customise your quad so it is easily identifiable.
 * Keep a record of all vehicles, including photographs and serial numbers.

PCSO Bryan Tongue, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “We are asking anyone who owns a quad bike to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are always left safe and secure, particularly if they live in a rural or isolated area.

“It’s better to invest in high-quality security measures now, rather than have to go through the inconvenience and cost of having your quad bike stolen.”

Posted on 16 December 2019 at 03:54pm in News stories
