```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-10-04T16:03:07+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The moped was recovered, along with other suspected stolen mopeds and bikes, at an address in Middlesbrough by North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce officers. The red Honda Vision moped was taken from a rural property in the North York Moors near Staithes in the early hours of Wednesday 2 October 2019. That afternoon, acting on [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/10/Honda-Vision.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: North Yorkshire officers locate stolen moped in Middlesbrough - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-officers-locate-stolen-moped-in-middlesbrough/
title: North Yorkshire officers locate stolen moped in Middlesbrough
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/north-yorkshire-officers-locate-stolen-moped-in-middlesbrough/
```

Last modified: 4 October 2019 at 05:03pm

Police have issued security advice to moped owners, after they arrested a man on suspicion of stealing one from North Yorkshire.

The moped was recovered, along with other suspected stolen mopeds and bikes, at an address in Middlesbrough by North Yorkshire Police Rural Taskforce officers.

The red Honda Vision moped was taken from a rural property in the North York Moors near Staithes in the early hours of Wednesday 2 October 2019.

That afternoon, acting on information received, officers from North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce travelled to Middlesbrough, where they found the moped in the back garden of a property. Its number plates had been crudely doctored with tape. Following forensic examination, it will be returned to its rightful owner.

Three other suspected stolen mopeds and two bikes were also located and recovered.

A 21-year-old man from Middlesbrough was arrested at the property on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle. He has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Moped owners are urged to take steps to protect their vehicles:

 * Lock – Use a disc lock to help secure the front brake disc, or a grip lock to secure the brake and throttle controls. You could also use a D-lock on the front wheel to stop it being wheeled away.
 * Chain – Thieves often steal a bike by breaking the steering lock and wheeling it away. Use a chain lock through the back wheel (the front wheel can be removed). Secure your bike, with the lock taut to an immovable object such as a ground anchor or street furniture. This will stop thieves from cutting a lock trailing on the ground using an angle grinder. If this is not possible, thread the chain through your bike frame and back wheel.
 * Cover – Thieves often ‘shop’ for particular bike models. Using a cover instantly makes it less attractive to them. A cover also provides another time-consuming obstacle for the thief.

Unfortunately security measures can’t guarantee your bike won’t be stolen but, by using multiple security measures, you can make it harder and less attractive for thieves.

Posted on 4 October 2019 at 05:03pm in News stories
