```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2020-09-11T17:02:03+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Reporting to the police that you have been a victim of child sexual abuse is a huge decision. Many adult survivors carry the burden of their abuse for years before deciding to speak out, and some never do. Understanding what happens once police are contacted can help a victim of child sexual abuse make a [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Should I report being a victim of child sexual abuse to the police? If I do contact police \u2013 what happens next? - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/should-i-report-being-a-victim-of-child-sexual-abuse-to-the-police-if-i-do-contact-police-what-happens-next/
title: "Should I report being a victim of child sexual abuse to the police? If I do contact police \u2013 what happens next?"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/should-i-report-being-a-victim-of-child-sexual-abuse-to-the-police-if-i-do-contact-police-what-happens-next/
```

Last modified: 11 September 2020 at 06:02pm

“Information for Adult Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse”

Reporting to the police that you have been a victim of child sexual abuse is a huge decision. Many adult survivors carry the burden of their abuse for years before deciding to speak out, and some never do.

Understanding what happens once police are contacted can help a victim of child sexual abuse make a more informed decision, and one which is the right decision for them as an individual.

Operation Hydrant, working with Police Scotland, have developed a short animated film aimed at providing supportive information to adult victims and survivors of child abuse who may be thinking of reporting to police and wondering what comes next. Based on two fictional characters, both of whom are survivors of child abuse, the film takes the viewer on an educational journey from understanding what child abuse is, to providing information on the reporting process, the criminal justice process, and the support available.

The film, which runs for just less than 8 minutes, will answer the following questions:

 * **What is child abuse?**
 * **Why should I make a report to the police?**
 * **How can I report my abuse to the police?**
 * **What happens after I make a report to the police?**
 * **Who decides if the case will go to court?**
 * **What happens if I have to go to court?**
 * **What support is available?**

The film is designed for adult survivors of childhood abuse, and the information within it is relevant to all types of child abuse including neglect and physical abuse. The film was supported by the prosecuting bodies for England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales, and is generic in its messaging, and relevant to an adult survivor of childhood abuse from anywhere within the UK.

Policing recognises that not every victim or survivor of child abuse will feel ready, feel able, or even want to report to the police. However, it is important that all victims and survivors can make an informed decision and know that if they do choose to contact police, they will be listened to, believed, and taken seriously, and their options and what happens next will be explained to them. This animation supports victims and survivors of childhood abuse in making the right decision for them.

Policing is committed to thoroughly investigating allegations of child abuse, no matter how long ago the offences may have occurred. Investigations are impartial, and will seek out any available evidence without fear or favour. The priority for any investigation will always be safeguarding.

**Background**

**Operation Hydrant**

Operation Hydrant is a national policing operation established in 2015, which provides operational coordination across policing in respect of allegations of non-recent child sexual abuse within an institutional setting, or where the allegations are against a person of public prominence.

Operation Hydrant also acts as the interface between policing and the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse. In addition to this, Operation Hydrant engages with key victim and survivor advocates at all levels to ensure they are informed and updated on the policing approach to investigating allegations of non-recent child sexual abuse.

The Operation also acts as a hub of knowledge and expertise in the field of non-recent child sexual abuse investigations, providing informal advice to forces progressing these complex cases, as well as more formal peer review and peer support functions.

**Police Scotland**

In 2017, recognising a lack of information available, Police Scotland produced an information leaflet for adult survivors of childhood abuse.

In 2018, funding was secured by Police Scotland from the Scottish Government to produce the animation “Information for Adult Survivors of Childhood Abuse”. The animation was designed to raise awareness among adult survivors of how to report childhood abuse to the police in Scotland, the subsequent criminal justice process, and signposting to survivor support services – building upon the earlier leaflet and taking the messages in a more engaging communication to a wider audience.

The animation was shared with Operation Hydrant in 2019, who worked with Police Scotland to develop the messaging within the animation so that it was applicable to the reporting and criminal justice processes across the UK.

The film has been shared with all UK police forces, policing partners, and key stakeholders such as victim and survivor support groups nationally.

Operation Hydrant would like to extend its thanks to Police Scotland for making the animation available to inform and benefit victims and survivors of childhood abuse across the UK.

Posted on 11 September 2020 at 06:02pm in News stories
