```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:12:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-18T10:11:53+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Dozens of officers took to the streets of York this week in an operation to tackle key local issues raised by residents.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police clampdown tackles local issues in East of York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clampdown-tackles-local-issues-east-york/
title: Police clampdown tackles local issues in East of York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-clampdown-tackles-local-issues-east-york/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:12am

Dozens of officers took to the streets of York this week in an operation to tackle key local issues raised by residents.

Five police officers, nine special constables, 11 PCSOs, two Neighbourhood Support Teams and a police dog handler took part in the 'day of action' on the east side of York on Tuesday 15 September.

As part of the activity, three drugs warrants were executed, leading to two arrests, and three men were issued cannabis warnings after being found in possession of the drug.

Officers also carried out home security checks, as well as checks of short-stay car parks looking for property left on display in parked vehicles. Letters were sent to anyone not already advised in person about the simple security measure of removing valuable items from view.

Four dot peen property marking sessions were also set up across the area, encouraging residents to bring their bikes, laptops and other items to be security marked.

The local licensing officer spent the day visiting premises in the area and speaking to licence holders, while police also joined forces with City of York Council Neighbourhood Enforcement Officers.

Sgt Helen Skelton, of York Police, said: "Crimes involving drugs, property theft and thefts from unattended motor vehicles have a really damaging impact on residents' quality of life. Our officers and staff are out tackling these issues every day of the week, but a 'day of action' like this allows us to deploy specialist resources and concentrate our efforts in particular locations.

"The North Yorkshire Police area is the safest in England, and residents can be reassured that we are determined to keep it that way. Anyone with any concerns about crime or anti-social behaviour in their neighbourhood should contact the team, and we will take appropriate action."

Residents are urged to help the police by reporting any suspicious people or activity. Please call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room. Information can also be passed on without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If an emergency response is required, always dial 999. You can also speak to your local Safer Neighbourhood Team by selecting option 2 and asking for the team directly.

**18 September 2015**

Posted on 18 September 2015 at 10:11am in News stories
