```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:45:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T16:13:31+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault on a 12 year old boy near to the Manor Road play park, Scarborough.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after 12 year old boy assaulted - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-12-year-old-boy-assaulted/
title: Appeal after 12 year old boy assaulted
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-12-year-old-boy-assaulted/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:45am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault on a 12 year old boy near to the Manor Road play park, Scarborough.

It happened at approximately 1pm on Friday 14October 2016 when the boy was riding his bike and was involved in a collision with another cyclist. The other cyclist grabbed the youth and punched him in the mouth causing a split lip.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from anyone who witnessed the incident or who knows the people involved.

The suspect is desribed as a white man, of teenage years with short blonde curly hair. He was of slim build wearing a grey Adidas tracksuit top and bottoms, and riding a black mountain bike.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Gary Evans. You can also email Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160187142.

Follow us on Twitter: [add Twitter account information]

Date 16/10/16
***************************************

Contact details:
 Gary Evans \- #0792
Gary.Evans@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12160187142
Posted on 17 October 2016 at 04:13pm in Local appeals
