```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-24T14:09:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The vehicles involved were a white Renault Kangoo van driven by a 62-year-old man from Stoke on Trent and a blue Jaguar XE driven by a 27-year-old man from the local area. It is believed that a heavy goods vehicle was also involved but failed to stop at the scene. The driver of the van [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses following Road Traffic Collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-road-traffic-collision/
title: Appeal for witnesses following Road Traffic Collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-witnesses-following-road-traffic-collision/
```

Last modified: 24 June 2019 at 03:09pm

North Yorkshire Police area appealing for witnesses and information about a road traffic collision that occurred on the A1(M) north bound carriageway two miles south of Leeming Bar (junction 51) at about 7.10am on Monday 24 June 2019.

The vehicles involved were a white Renault Kangoo van driven by a 62-year-old man from Stoke on Trent and a blue Jaguar XE driven by a 27-year-old man from the local area. It is believed that a heavy goods vehicle was also involved but failed to stop at the scene.

The driver of the van suffered serious injuries and was taken to James Cook Hospital for treatment. The Jaguar driver was not injured and a passenger in the van, a 31 year old man, received a minor injury to his arm.

We are requesting the public’s help to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. In particular, we are appealing for information about the collision or any of the vehicles prior to it. We are also appealing for dash cam footage that could identify the HGV involved.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Chris Garbutt. You can also email Chris.Garbutt@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190113481.

Contact details:
 Chris Garbutt \- #0149
Chris.Garbutt@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | Ext 0149
Incident reference:
 12190113481
Posted on 24 June 2019 at 03:09pm in Local appeals
