```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T12:43:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-16T15:58:49+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'Original press release issued at 5.20pm Monday 16 September 2019 Watch: CCTV released after elderly man is burgled four times since April Police investigating after a 79 year-old man was burgled four times in less than five months have released CCTV footage of a man they want trace. A man went into the elderly man&#8217;s [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: UPDATE - Arrest made in connection with burglary at elderly man&#039;s home in Cliffe - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/watch-cctv-released-after-elderly-man-is-burgled-four-times-since-april/
title: UPDATE - Arrest made in connection with burglary at elderly man's home in Cliffe
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/watch-cctv-released-after-elderly-man-is-burgled-four-times-since-april/
```

Last modified: 15 June 2020 at 01:43pm

A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation into a burglary at a property in Cliffe, Selby on Monday 16 September 2019. He is currently assisting police with their enquiries.

**Original press release issued at 5.20pm Monday 16 September 2019**

Watch: CCTV released after elderly man is burgled four times since April

Police investigating after a 79 year-old man was burgled four times in less than five months have released CCTV footage of a man they want trace.

A man went into the elderly man's house in Cliffe, Selby, while he was asleep upstairs at 12.27am on 16 September 2019.

CCTV shows him searching through the victim’s belongings and trying to cover up the CCTV cameras before he left with the victim's Apeman wildlife digital camera and two Blink home security cameras.

This was the fourth time in five months the elderly man has been burgled. Enquiries are ongoing to identify the suspect shown in the CCTV images for this offence.

Investigating Officer PC Tony Morton of North Yorkshire Police said:

“It is absolutely appalling that this vulnerable elderly man has been targeted in his home four times since April this year. There were two burglaries as recently as August, where on both occasions the suspect has used the ATM at Sainsbury’s in Selby to take out cash from the victim’s account.

“We remain determined to do everything we can to bring those responsible for these offences to justice and we are asking for the public’s help to identify this burglar to hopefully prevent a further occurrence.”

**** Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Anthony Morton. You can also email Anthony.Morton@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190171889.

Posted on 16 September 2019 at 04:58pm in Burglary, News stories
