```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-04-12T14:56:50+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "26-year-old Sean James Beard of The Reeves, Acomb was arrested Tuesday 10 April 2018, just hours after a previous court appearance. The three year criminal behaviour order, which was given to him on 1 February\_2018 after he pleaded guilty to the theft of a Segway scooter from a vehicle on Kingsway, York, orders Beard to [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/BEARD-Sean-James-04021992-300x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York offender in court for breaching criminal behaviour order - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-offender-court-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: York offender in court for breaching criminal behaviour order
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-offender-court-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

Last modified: 12 April 2018 at 03:56pm

A habitual offender, who has numerous previous convictions for theft from both shops and unattended vehicles, was back at York Magistrates court yesterday (Wednesday 11 April 2018) for failing to comply with a Criminal Behaviour Order.

26-year-old Sean James Beard of The Reeves, Acomb was arrested Tuesday 10 April 2018, just hours after a previous court appearance.

The three year criminal behaviour order, which was given to him on 1 February 2018 after he pleaded guilty to the theft of a Segway scooter from a vehicle on Kingsway, York, orders Beard to :

 * Remain indoors at his place of residence between the hours on 9pm and 6am for a period of six months
 * Not to touch or enter any unattended vehicle without the express permission of the owner
 * Remain on any shop or commercial premises if asked to leave by staff and enter any premises from which he is already barred
 * Not wear a hood up in a public place

Officers attended Beard’s residence at 9.30pm on Tuesday 10 April 2018 to check he was abiding by the terms of his curfew. They found Beard was not present at the property. He was located in the local area and arrested for the breach.

Appearing this morning (Wednesday 11 April 2018) he pleaded guilty to the offence and Magistrates ordered his benefits to be deducted to pay a fine of £80 and a victim surcharge of £30.

Speaking about the order and the result, Inspector Lee Pointon of York police said:

“Beard is a habitual criminal and his constant offending has had a huge impact on the businesses and residents of Acomb, who have fallen victim to his crimes and quite frankly should not have to put up with his behaviour .

“I’d like to reassure the community that we are well aware of Beard’s disregard for the law and following the work of the Community Safety Hub to get the criminal behaviour order awarded, we will react swiftly to any breaches.

“Breaching a criminal behaviour order is a serious offence for which someone can be arrested and potentially sent to prison and public support is vital. I’d appeal to the local community to call North Yorkshire Police on 101 if they become aware of or suspect any breaches.”

Posted on 12 April 2018 at 03:56pm in News stories
