```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:47:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-01T15:35:11+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "On the afternoon of Saturday 11 March 2017, a dead red kite was found in Nidderdale, North Yorkshire. An examination revealed the bird\u2019s carcass contained what is believed to be lead shot. Three rewards worth a total of \xA33,000 have been offered for information leading to the arrest and charge of anyone involved in the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man interviewed in connection with red kite shooting - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-interviewed-connection-red-kite-shooting/
title: Man interviewed in connection with red kite shooting
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-interviewed-connection-red-kite-shooting/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:47am

Police investigating the death of a red kite in Nidderdale have issued a further appeal for information, after interviewing a man in connection with the incident.

On the afternoon of Saturday 11 March 2017, a dead red kite was found in Nidderdale, North Yorkshire. An examination revealed the bird’s carcass contained what is believed to be lead shot.

Three rewards worth a total of £3,000 have been offered for information leading to the arrest and charge of anyone involved in the killing. In addition, Crimestoppers has offered a reward of up to £1,000 for information given to Crimestoppers that enables police to arrest and charge those responsible.

Last month officers interviewed a man from the Nidderdale area as a voluntary attendee in connection with the incident.

The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2 and ask for PC 1452 David Mackay, or email david.mackay@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote reference number 12170047155 when passing information.

PC David Mackay, a Wildlife Crime Officer on North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “We have had a good response so far from the public to our appeal for information, and I am urging anyone who has not yet come forward to do so now. This lengthy investigation shows that we take bird of prey persecution extremely seriously.”

North Yorkshire Police is being supported in the investigation by Yorkshire Red Kites. Doug Simpson, the Yorkshire Red Kite Co-ordinator, said: “I am pleased to hear of the progress made in this case. I would encourage anyone with any information not yet reported to contact the police as soon as possible.”

Posted on 1 August 2017 at 04:35pm in News stories
