```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-19T14:47:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-15T14:44:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Primary school children from across York and Selby will learn vital safety advice in a series of workshops and activity sessions run by North Yorkshire Police at Askham Bryan College. The Crucial Crew events have taken place in North Yorkshire for over 25 years and teach children a wide variety of skills and knowledge to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/07/D_B-T2hX4AAtLdm-300x225.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: York and Selby primary school children learn vital safety advice - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-and-selby-primary-school-children-learn-vital-safety-advice/
title: York and Selby primary school children learn vital safety advice
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-and-selby-primary-school-children-learn-vital-safety-advice/
```

Last modified: 19 July 2019 at 03:47pm

2,000 children to take part in Crucial Crew event

Primary school children from across York and Selby will learn vital safety advice in a series of workshops and activity sessions run by North Yorkshire Police at Askham Bryan College. The Crucial Crew events have taken place in North Yorkshire for over 25 years and teach children a wide variety of skills and knowledge to help them stay safe.

Year 6 children from 58 primary schools across the region are involved in the initiative which includes nine different workshops including: water, fire, road and electricity safety, personal wellbeing and advice on dealing with drugs, alcohol and healthy relationships.

Running from 9 - 18 July, the workshops are organised and run by North Yorkshire Police’s Youth Team and since the very first session more than 200,000 children have taken part to learn vital, life-saving skills.
Police Community Support Officer, Laura Harper, is leading on the workshops at Askham Bryan this year. She said:

“It’s been fantastic to see so many children taking part in Crucial Crew and giving the workshops their full attention and enthusiasm. I remember taking part in the initiative when I was at primary school so it’s great that it’s still continuing and with such varied sessions that have been enjoyed by everyone.

“We’re very grateful to all of our partners and volunteers who are instrumental in making the activities happen and would like to also thank Askham Bryan College for providing the venue.”

Many agencies have been involved in Crucial Crew along with North Yorkshire Police (NYP), including North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, Independent Domestic Abuse Service, North Yorkshire Council, NHS Healthy Child Team, York Rescue Boat, Barnardo’s, Northern Powergrid, Changing Lives and Youth Offending Team.

Once the children have taken part in the workshops they can then play the online Crucial Crew game which helps to consolidate their learning. This can be found at: www.crucial-crew.org.uk

Posted on 15 July 2019 at 03:44pm in Good News
