```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T14:10:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have begun a new drive to encourage every business in York city centre to sign up for a crime-fighting alert scheme.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/10/AppPic.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: City centre business owners encouraged to sign up to the fight against crime - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/city-centre-business-owners-encouraged-sign-fight-crime/
title: City centre business owners encouraged to sign up to the fight against crime
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/city-centre-business-owners-encouraged-sign-fight-crime/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Police have begun a new drive to encourage every business in York city centre to sign up for a crime-fighting alert scheme.

A number of businesses in York have already signed up for North Yorkshire Community Messaging alerts, and now officers will be urging the rest to do the same.

When they do, they will be among the first to receive the latest crime notifications and updates, via app, text or email, as soon as they are issued by police.

PC Dan Kirven, Service Delivery Officer for York City, said: “Community Messaging lets us send out alerts and notifications instantly to residents and businesses across a wide area, or even to specific communities and businesses. York city centre is a busy, vibrant place and with so many opportunities to keep people updated with our plans, it is hoped that this will encourage businesses to sign up.”

“Furthermore, the information and intelligence that we receive from shop staff and members of the public who have signed up to Community Messaging can be absolutely crucial in preventing and detecting crime. The more people that join the service, the safer York will be.”

In the coming weeks, PC Kirven and his colleagues will be out in the centre of York, raising awareness of the new system and encouraging people to sign up.

North Yorkshire Community Messaging has been designed to allow people who live or work in York and North Yorkshire to get information when they want, and how they want it.

Users can tailor preferences for the type of the message they receive, their preferred channel (app, phone, text, or email) and the locations that matter to them. Topics include details about:
• crime and other police incidents, including missing people and witness appeals;
• rural policing, including crimes against farms and rural businesses;
• anti-social behaviour;
• road safety, including road closures and traffic updates; and
• neighbourhood news and events, such as invitations to public meetings.

Users can even choose to register multiple locations, not just a home address – ideal if they want to know more about their place of work, where their children go to school, where family members live and places to socialise.

Registering is safe, secure and easy, and takes less than five minutes. Just visit www.nycm.co.uk, or download the NYCM app for iOS or Android devices to get started.

Posted on 17 October 2016 at 02:10pm in News stories
