```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-30T10:32:20+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: 'The spate of incidents occurred overnight between Saturday and Sunday (28-29 April 2018). Six cars were targeted in the area resulting in hundreds of pounds worth of repair costs for the owners. They included: a Vauxhall Corsa and a Honda Civic at separate addresses on Briergate a Peugeot 308 on Ploughlands a Toyota Avensis and [&hellip;]'
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'YORK: Hunt for Haxby tyre-slashing suspects - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-hunt-for-haxby-tyre-slashing-suspects/
title: 'YORK: Hunt for Haxby tyre-slashing suspects'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/york-hunt-for-haxby-tyre-slashing-suspects/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Police in York have stepped-up patrols in Haxby as they hunt for tyre-slashing suspects.

The spate of incidents occurred overnight between Saturday and Sunday (28-29 April 2018).

Six cars were targeted in the area resulting in hundreds of pounds worth of repair costs for the owners.

They included:

 * a Vauxhall Corsa and a Honda Civic at separate addresses on Briergate
 * a Peugeot 308 on Ploughlands
 * a Toyota Avensis and a Renault at separate addresses on Oak Tree Lane
 * a Jeep Renegade on Gateland Close

Police investigations are ongoing into the incidents which are believed to be linked.

This includes forensic examinations, a trawl of CCTV in the area and house-to-house enquiries.

Additional police patrols are taking place in Haxby to reassure residents as the effort to track down the suspect or suspects continues.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of the York Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “This spate of criminal damage is outrageous and it has caused a great deal of upset, inconvenience and expense for the vehicle owners.

“We are doing everything we can to track the suspect down and seek justice on behalf of the victims.”

Witnesses or anyone with information about suspicious activity in the Haxby area over the weekend, are urged to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Please quote reference number 12180073972 when providing details about the investigation.

Posted on 30 April 2018 at 11:32am in News stories
