```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2017-01-26T16:06:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: The last two sessions have been both mentally and physically exhausting. The previous week we had our first introduction to the police computer systems. The day felt very long but it was great to finally get an insight into a system we will be using fairly often. This week we had our last officer safety [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Pinki&#039;s special blog #10 - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-10/
title: 'Pinki''s special blog #10'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/pinkis-special-blog-10/
```

Last modified: 26 January 2017 at 04:06pm

Welcome to the latest of student Special Constable Pinki Bilkhu's blog, this week more officer safety training and computer systems.

The last two sessions have been both mentally and physically exhausting. The previous week we had our first introduction to the police computer systems. The day felt very long but it was great to finally get an insight into a system we will be using fairly often.

This week we had our last officer safety training session (OST). It was a full day involving several assessments to get through as well as a fitness test! The first half of the morning we had the chance to re visit what we had learnt in previous sessions and go through anything we felt we needed more practice with, and for me that was pretty much everything! So in the first few hours we covered handcuffing, restrains, takedowns and using batons. I felt shattered by the time it came to our first break!

After break we had our first assessment which was to carry out a number of techniques we felt most confident with in front of the trainer, which actually went well and wasn’t as bad as I initially though it would be.
Towards the end of the day, we had two assessments left, a roleplay assessment and knowledge check, which I have to admit I was not prepared for! The role play took me right out of my comfort zone, as this time we were not partnered up but instead we were briefed individually on a situation and we were expected to deal with it effectively as possible by using our skills and knowledge we had learn over the last four OST training sessions. Although I felt fairly calm, I was still quite nervous going into a situation by myself. Once the roleplay was over I actually surprised myself on how well I did, as always there is room for improvement and areas to work on but overall I was happy.

As the day came to a close I was ready for bed, it was a really long and tiring day and we’d got through a lot in one session. I still don’t feel 100% confident with all aspects of OST training but as they say “practice makes perfect” and I suppose only time will tell!

Posted on 26 January 2017 at 04:06pm in News stories
