```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-01-05T12:43:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police in Knaresborough and Ripon are appealing for information following three house burglaries and an attempted burglary.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglaries in Knaresborough and Ripon - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-knaresborough-and-ripon/
title: Appeal following burglaries in Knaresborough and Ripon
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-burglaries-in-knaresborough-and-ripon/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police in Knaresborough and Ripon are appealing for information following three house burglaries and an attempted burglary.

On 2 January 2015, a house on Park Gate, Knaresborough was broken into and an Audi A3 car was taken from the drive, along with jewellery and electrical items from inside the house.

Police are appealing for information, in particular, they want to hear from anyone who noticed a white van in the area or was approached by a man offering to carry out work.

In Ripon, two house burglaries were reported between 27 and 31 December. One on Whitcliffe Grove in which a photo frame was stolen and one on Mallorie Park Drive near High Cleugh, during which coins and jewellery were taken.

In an attempted burglary on Harrogate Road on New Year's Eve, several windows of the property were damaged as the suspects attempted to get into the house, however, they failed to enter the house and nothing was stolen.

Anyone who has any information about any of the burglaries or has seen any suspicious people or vehicles, in particular cold callers offering to carry out work, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Please call 101, select option 2 and ask for Harrogate CID.

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote relevant references:

 * Park Gate, Knaresborough 12150001079
 * Whitcliffe Grove, Ripon 12140224977
 * Mallorie Park Drive, Ripon 12150000934
 * Harrogate Road, Ripon 12150000837

**5 January 2015**

Posted on 5 January 2015 at 12:43pm in News stories
