```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-07T17:35:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-07T17:00:37+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: He was arrested on Friday night in Mayfield Grove, Harrogate. Police have today formally named the victim as Mark Wolsey, who was 48 and lived in Harrogate. His family has asked North Yorkshire Police to shared a photograph of Mr Wolsey today. They are being supported by specially-trained officers at this extremely difficult time. Mr [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2021/03/mark-wolsey-e1615136153601.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Man charged with murder as victim is named - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-in-harrogate-on-suspicion-of-murder/
title: Man charged with murder as victim is named
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/man-arrested-in-harrogate-on-suspicion-of-murder/
```

Last modified: 7 March 2021 at 05:35pm

A 23-year-old man is to appear in court charged with murder.

Victim: Mark Wolsey, who lived in Harrogate

He was arrested on Friday night in Mayfield Grove, Harrogate.

Police have today formally named the victim as Mark Wolsey, who was 48 and lived in Harrogate.

His family has asked North Yorkshire Police to shared a photograph of Mr Wolsey today.

They are being supported by specially-trained officers at this extremely difficult time.

Mr Wolsey was found with serious injuries following the incident on Friday night and, sadly, he was pronounced dead at the scene.

The suspect, who is from Harrogate, was located in the street shortly after and arrested. He will appear at York Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Monday).

Police yesterday reassured residents that it was a “contained incident” and the public was not at risk. The suspect was detained very quickly.

Today: Police patrols in the community.

A strong police presence has continued in the area today, with extra patrols to reassure those living and working nearby, and residents were urged to speak to officers if they had any anxieties or concerns about the incident.

**Update 06.03.21:**

Police investigating a suspected murder in Harrogate have reassured residents as a man remains in police custody today.

Officers say there will be a noticeable police presence in and around the area following the “contained incident” and the public is not at risk.

Just after 10pm yesterday, police were called to Mayfield Grove, where they found the suspect in the street.

A 48-year-old man was found with serious injuries inside a nearby flat but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene by ambulance staff.

A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in police custody where he is being questioned by detectives today.

Detective Superintendent Fran Naughton, who is leading the investigation, said: “Our investigation is well under way and we can confirm this was a contained incident. A man is now in police custody and we do not believe there is any wider risk to the public.

“However, many residents will be understandably anxious about what has happened. There will be a greater police presence in the area, which we hope residents will find reassuring, and officers will be working closely with the community.

“Our specially-trained officers are supporting the deceased man’s family at this difficult time.”

Anyone who was in the Mayfield Grove area of Harrogate on Friday night and saw any suspicious activity is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police by calling 101 and selecting option 1.

If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote incident number 12210072144 when sharing information.

**Original appeal 06.03.21:**

A 23-year-old Harrogate man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.

Just after 10pm on Friday 5 March 2021, police were called to Mayfield Grove in Harrogate where they found the suspect in the street.

A 48-year-old man was found with serious injuries inside a nearby flat but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene by ambulance staff.

The arrested man remains in police custody for questioning.

Anyone who was in the Mayfield Grove area of Harrogate on Friday night and saw any suspicious activity is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police and pass information relating to incident number 12210072144.

If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted on 7 March 2021 at 05:00pm in News stories
