```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-21T15:53:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-21T15:47:47+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Speaking as a parent, an avid \u2018Online Gamer\u2019 and someone who works for North Yorkshire Police, Digital Police Community Support Officer Chris Simpson is in a lucky position where he can combine his experience from all three and help you to keep your children safe when gaming online. This is the first in a series [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/12/young-gamer-300x200.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'New Online Gaming blog: Helping you to keep your children safe online this Christmas and beyond - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-online-gaming-blog-helping-you-to-keep-your-children-safe-online-this-christmas-and-beyond/
title: 'New Online Gaming blog: Helping you to keep your children safe online this Christmas and beyond'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/new-online-gaming-blog-helping-you-to-keep-your-children-safe-online-this-christmas-and-beyond/
```

Last modified: 21 December 2020 at 03:53pm

Keeping children safe is something we all strive to do in the physical world around us, but can we honestly say we do the same in the digital world?

_Speaking as a parent, an avid ‘Online Gamer’ and someone who works for North Yorkshire Police, **Digital Police Community Support Officer Chris Simpson** is in a lucky position where he can combine his experience from all three and help you to keep your children safe when gaming online._

_This is the first in a series of online blogs by Chris, perfectly timed for the Christmas period…_

### **What is Online Gaming?**

An online game is a video game that is either partially or primarily played through the internet. Online games are abundant on modern gaming platforms, including PCs, consoles and mobile devices, and can span many genres.

Many create their own unique online communities. Social games, for example, integrate the players' existing real-life communities such as school friends.

However, the culture of online gaming sometimes faces criticisms for an environment that can promote cyberbullying, violence, discrimination and online grooming.

Online games are generally designed to be social activities. They can promote co-operative play, encouraging players to work together to achieve a goal. Some are competitive, pitting teams or players against one another. And then there’s games designed with socialising in mind to allow people to connect and have fun.

In all these different types of games, talking is either key for achieving in-game objectives or for allowing the social interaction to take place. This co-operative interaction is what usually happens, and on the whole children are able to have safe conversations with their friends.

However, as with any online platform used for social interactions, there is a possibility that the chat tools used to bring players together can be abused. This is why it’s vitally important to take an interest in any online game your child plays to identify risks.

### **So what can I do?**

### **For Xbox Consoles:**

 * You can go into ‘account settings’ and restrict any child’s account individually, or you can use the ‘Family settings’ feature. This will allow you to set different restrictions for multiple accounts - ideal if different family members use the same console. You can also use the handy ‘Xbox Family Settings App’ to set restrictions for multiple accounts.
 * You can download the family settings app here:

**https://www.xbox.com/en-GB/apps/family-settings-app**

### **For PlayStation Consoles:**

 * Sony provides two types of accounts: adult and child accounts. Adult accounts are intended for users over 18, while child accounts are intended for users aged 7 to 17. The advantage of using child accounts is that they must be set-up by an adult account holder, who can then control the child accounts and limit what children can see, play and do with the console.
 * For more information on setting up adult and child accounts, please visit: **https://www.playstation.com/en-gb/get-help/help-library/my-account/parental-controls/family-management/**

### **For Nintendo Switch:**

 * To restrict your children's ability to communicate with others on the Nintendo Switch, go to the home page on the console and scroll over to 'System Settings' – this looks like a cog. When you're inside Settings, scroll down to 'Parental Controls' and then across to 'Parental Control Settings'.
 * At this point, the Switch will ask whether you have the Nintendo Parental Controls app. The app can be downloaded here: **https://p.nintendo.com/**. The app is probably the most convenient way to access and use parental controls and will allow you to manage other elements, such as playtime and spending, which can't be controlled on the console itself.

### **For Google Play Devices:**

 * When you create a Google Account for your child, you can control what they can do on their device by downloading and using the Family Link app. You can download the app on your own phone or device and manage their device remotely.
 * Once you've downloaded the app, you can monitor their usage of apps and block access to any apps you don't want them to use.
For more information on controlling and monitoring children's activity on Google devices, please visit **https://support.google.com/families/answer/7103340?hl=en**

### **For Windows PC:**

 * To limit internet access on a Windows 10 computer, you will need to set-up Microsoft accounts for yourself and your child. Once you've done this, select the child whose account you want to restrict by logging in to your family accounts at **https://account.microsoft.com/family/**.
 * Next, select 'Parental controls' and the option 'Help protect your kids online'. This will allow you to set up parental filters to automatically block access to inappropriate websites, but it will also allow you to block or unblock any individual website.
 * Please note that it's very challenging to shut down all ability to communicate on a PC while it's connected to the internet, which means it's important to monitor what your children are doing on a PC and to talk to them about it. You can use parental controls to receive reports about your children's internet use to make this easier. Just select 'Keep track of your child's digital life'.
 * You can find these facilities by going into 'Family options' under 'System settings' on your PC.
 * For more information about setting up Microsoft accounts and managing parental controls please visit: **https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4026341/microsoft-account-block-inappropriate-apps-games-media**

### **Trending this month – December 2020**

**Of concern…**

There is a new mobile game which depicts **‘County Lines Drug Dealing’**. It is a simple 2-dimensional game which claims to offer players a realistic depiction of ‘London gang life’. The game draws on themes such as UK gang culture, drug running and police chases. Users essentially run through areas, jump over obstacles, deliver and collect drugs and escape police. The game also has an in-game chat function to allow players to communicate with each other.

A number of police forces in the country have already received messages from parents expressing their concerns about the game. Please be mindful of the games your children are downloading and playing.

**__****_That’s all for now folks, watch out for my second blog in January. Take care everyone._**

Posted on 21 December 2020 at 03:47pm in News stories
