```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-13T12:01:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-13T11:46:30+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "We had an intensive week of training just before Christmas which included five solid days of learning and we had our first test, so a three-week break was very much needed! Break over and it\u2019s time to get back to it. We started with a day-and-a-half of health and safety training and topics covered were: [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 'Pinki&#039;s special blog #9 first aid training - North Yorkshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/read-student-special-constable-pinki-bilkhus-latest-blog/
title: 'Pinki''s special blog #9 first aid training'
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/read-student-special-constable-pinki-bilkhus-latest-blog/
```

Last modified: 13 January 2017 at 12:01pm

Pinki is training to become a Special Constable with us and is giving an insight into the demands of the intensive training course she is undertaking. This week, it's first aid.

We had an intensive week of training just before Christmas which included five solid days of learning and we had our first test, so a three-week break was very much needed!

Break over and it’s time to get back to it. We started with a day-and-a-half of health and safety training and topics covered were: How to manage a first aid scene, control of infection, assessing a casualty, how to perform basic life support, recovery position, how to report casualty information, choking, shock, fainting, other causes of unconsciousness, bleeding and spinal injuries.

We had a lot to learn but we got the opportunity to get involved in the training by pairing off and presenting back to the rest of the group, practicing how to bandage wounds, how to perform CPR and how we would use a defibrillator, so the session was very interactive.

Day two we had a practical assessment. In pairs we were asked to act out a scenario, it was quick but it was really useful being able to put into practice what we had learnt. We received instant feedback on what went well and where improvements could be made.

The second half of the day we had Katie back with us and we covered water rescues which included practicing throwing a rescue rope, I’m embarrassed to say that I’m just as bad as throwing now as I was in school, I understand now why I was never picked first for PE! Definitely something to work on!

Just before the day came to a close, we covered drug awareness, the session was fairly quick but we covered everything that was needed.

It was our first weekend back and as always there was a lot to learn but it’s nice to be back learning again.The training has passed by so quickly, it’s hard to believe that we’ve been training since October and it’s almost over. We have a couple of assessment days coming up which are always nerve-racking, but to be completely honest I’m actually looking forward to the next couple of months!

Posted on 13 January 2017 at 11:46am in News stories
