```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-12T14:27:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-14T12:26:57+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Focusing on online safety, personal safety and protecting your home and property, volunteers will be visiting towns across the county to hand out crime prevention advice, raise awareness of online crime and promote the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system. Community messaging allows members of the public to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/11/Keeping-safe-at-Christmas-1.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Volunteer-led roadshows aim to keep people safe at Christmas - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-led-roadshows-aim-keep-people-safe-christmas/
title: Volunteer-led roadshows aim to keep people safe at Christmas
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/volunteer-led-roadshows-aim-keep-people-safe-christmas/
```

Last modified: 12 December 2017 at 02:27pm

Keeping safe at Christmas is the theme of a new community roadshow led by police volunteers that will be touring York and North Yorkshire in the run up to Christmas.

Focusing on online safety, personal safety and protecting your home and property, volunteers will be visiting towns across the county to hand out crime prevention advice, raise awareness of online crime and promote the North Yorkshire Community Messaging system. Community messaging allows members of the public to receive alerts about crime and incidents in their area.

They will be joined by local Police Community Support Officers and Volunteer Police Cadets and will work closely with the force’s Cybercrime Unit, the Regional Cybercrime Unit and the York and North Yorkshire Road Safety Partnership “95 Alive”, to provide advice and information on how to stay safe when you are buying goods online, road safety tips to stay safe through the winter months and general crime prevention advice.

The roadshows will arrive in Scarborough next week (22 November), followed by York, Harrogate, Pickering, Malton, Selby, Northallerton, Great Ayton and Stokesley in the weeks leading up to Christmas. A full list of dates is available on the North Yorkshire Police website.

Police Support Volunteer and Volunteer Area Coordinator, Antony Baldwin, said: “The Christmas period is traditionally the busiest time of the year for shopping and unfortunately, there are those who exploit this period for the wrong reasons, but it only takes a few simple preventative measures to discourage criminals and stay safe.

“By going into the heart of our communities, we can take advice direct to members of the public. Crime prevention is not something that is on everyone’s mind in all the excitement and busyness of Christmas, but it is important to take a few moments to keep yourself, your family and your belongings safe.”

Natasha Almond, North Yorkshire Police’s Citizens in Policing Coordinator Manager, said: “My thanks go to our amazing volunteers who are working on the roadshows in their own time. Their commitment to helping us keep North Yorkshire safe is very humbling. Engagement with members our community and providing tips and advice to help them to stay safe is invaluable in promoting a feeling of safety as well as helping to keep crime down. I urge everyone to take advantage of the help and advice on offer - or just call in for a chat.”

Following the launch at Acomb Explore on 4 November, the roadshows will tour the following locations:

Brunswick Shopping Centre, Scarborough, Wednesday 22 November 10am – 2pm

Tesco, Clifton Moor, York, Thursday 23 November 10am – 2pm

Asda, Harrogate, Thursday 23 November 10am – 2pm

Victoria Shopping Centre, Harrogate, Friday 24 November 10am – 2pm

Great Ayton Christmas Market Saturday 25 November 2pm – 7pm

Northallerton Library Friday 1 December 10am – 2pm

Cooperative store, Market Place, Pickering, Saturday 2 December 10am – 2pm

Sainsbury’s store, Selby, Saturday 2 December 10am – 2pm

Malton Market Place, Saturday 9 December 8.30am – 3.30pm

Acomb Explore, York, Saturday 16 December 10am – 2pm

Stokesley Christmas Market Sunday 17 December 8am – 4pm

Additional dates may be publicised on the force Facebook and Twitter pages.

Posted on 14 November 2017 at 12:26pm in News stories
