```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-16T10:04:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-08T08:24:48+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At 3.29am on police were called to a report of an on-going burglary at the Two Sisters Bar &amp; Kitchen, Mill Bridge, Skipton. A witness described hearing the sound of glass smashing and saw a man wearing a black hooded top entering the premises through the front door. The offender made off prior to police [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following a series of commercial burglaries in Skipton town centre - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-series-commercial-burglaries-skipton-town-centre/
title: Appeal following a series of commercial burglaries in Skipton town centre
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-series-commercial-burglaries-skipton-town-centre/
```

Last modified: 16 October 2018 at 11:04am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a series of commercial burglaries that occurred in Skipton town centre in the early hours of Sunday 6 August 2017.

At 3.29am on police were called to a report of an on-going burglary at the Two Sisters Bar & Kitchen, Mill Bridge, Skipton. A witness described hearing the sound of glass smashing and saw a man wearing a black hooded top entering the premises through the front door. The offender made off prior to police arrival.

Four further business premises in Skipton town centre were found to have been targeted between 1am and 3.29am.

The attacked premises were:-

- Bean Loved Coffee Shop, Otley Street, Skipton
- The Mill Shop, Rope Walk, Skipton
- The Home Company, High Corn Mill, Chapel Hill, Skipton
- Dalesway News, Albert Yard, Otley Street, Skipton

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to establish the full circumstances surrounding the above incidents.

In particular, we are appealing for information about any suspicious people or vehicles that were seen in Skipton town centre during the early hours of Sunday.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for David Gasson. You can also email david.gasson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170138571 .

Contact details:
 David Gasson \- #0235
david.gasson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101 Ext. 101
Incident reference:
 12170138571
Posted on 8 August 2017 at 09:24am in Local appeals
