```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-21T12:24:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-21T11:51:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Luke Arthur Jones, 24, from Warrington, previously pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a person under 13 by penetration at his first hearing on 12\_December 2018. He was given an extended sentence of 17 years, of which he must serve twelve, at York Crown Court on Thursday 21 March 2019 . He was also put onto [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2019/03/Luke-Jones-18-06-94.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: 24 year-old man jailed for 17 years for serious sexual assault of toddler - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/24-year-old-man-jailed-for-17-years-for-serious-sexual-assault-of-toddler/
title: 24 year-old man jailed for 17 years for serious sexual assault of toddler
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/24-year-old-man-jailed-for-17-years-for-serious-sexual-assault-of-toddler/
```

Last modified: 21 March 2019 at 12:24pm

A man has been jailed for 17 years after pleading guilty to sexually abusing a toddler.

Luke Arthur Jones, 24, from Warrington, previously pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a person under 13 by penetration at his first hearing on 12 December 2018.

He was given an extended sentence of 17 years, of which he must serve twelve, at York Crown Court on Thursday 21 March 2019 . He was also put onto the sex offenders register for life and given a sexual harm prevention order for life.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Matthew Brownridge, of North Yorkshire Police, said after the case:

“Luke Jones inflicted horrific injuries on his victim and put the victim’s family through hell whilst trying to cover up what he had done.

“I am very pleased that we have managed to get justice for the victim and their family and I would like to commend them all for the bravery they have shown throughout the investigation.

“There are no words that can make up for what they have been through and I hope the fact Luke Jones will now be behind bars for a very long time will allow them some kind of peace in order to try and move forward.”

In a statement issued by North Yorkshire Police, the victim’s mother said:

“This has been a really traumatic time for my family but we would like to say a big thank you to the NHS and police force for their help and support during this time.”

If you, or someone you know, are a victim of a sexual offence, it doesn’t matter when the abuse happened, whether it’s happening now or occurred decades ago. Even if it is not possible to put an offender before the courts, it’s important that you are offered the support and advice that is available.

Your information could also help to protect other victims and help the police form a wider picture of offending.

 * To report a sexual crime to the police call 101
 * If you are in immediate danger, always call 999
 * If you prefer not to go direct to the police and you are not in immediate danger, you can contact a sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in your area. Bridge House, North Yorkshire’s SARC can be contacted on 01904 669339.
 * Childline 24-hour helpline 0800 1111
 * NSPCC’s online safety helpline on 0800 800 5002
 * If you are worried about a child, call the NSPCC’s helpline: 0800 800 5000
 * Please do not suffer alone – if you have been abused, please report it.

Posted on 21 March 2019 at 11:51am in News stories
