```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-17T15:56:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-17T15:04:17+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "27-year-old Kieron Nolan appeared at York Crown Court on Monday 16 March 2020, and was found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, being in possession of criminal property and being in possession of a knife. Nolan was dealt with by North Yorkshire Police\u2019s Expedite team \u2013 the force\u2019s proactive \u2018county lines\u2019 [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2020/03/NOLAN-Kieron-210692.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Proactive policing team put another county lines drug dealer behind bars - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-policing-team-put-another-county-lines-drug-dealer-behind-bars/
title: Proactive policing team put another county lines drug dealer behind bars
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/proactive-policing-team-put-another-county-lines-drug-dealer-behind-bars/
```

Last modified: 17 March 2020 at 03:56pm

A drug dealer with links to a Manchester county lines gang, has been sent to prison for five years and seven months.

27-year-old Kieron Nolan appeared at York Crown Court on Monday 16 March 2020, and was found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, being in possession of criminal property and being in possession of a knife.

Nolan was dealt with by North Yorkshire Police’s Expedite team – the force’s proactive ‘county lines’ team. On Monday 20 January 2020, plain clothes officers who were proactively patrolling York city centre spotted Nolan in the city. After making themselves known to him, Nolan fled down Goodramgate, in the direction of York Minster.

Officers successfully apprehended him on College Street, near to St Williams College. As they detained him, Nolan dropped a yellow plastic sweet container which opened upon impact with the floor, revealing wraps of class A drugs. A backpack he was carrying was searched, revealing a 22cm kitchen knife with a 13cm blade, bags of cash and drug paraphernalia.

Speaking about the sentence handed to Nolan, Police Constable Neel Seth from the York and Selby Expedite Team said;

“We’re pleased with the sentence handed to Nolan and that his attempt to pedal drugs on our streets has been brought to an abrupt halt.

“I hope the fact another drug dealer has been put behind bars reassures the local community that we will take action against people who think they can target North Yorkshire with their illegal activities. We are out there watching and waiting. You might not see us, but we’re there and we will take action to stop you.”

**Members of the public provide invaluable information that helps shape our operational activity and we urge residents to look out for the signs of cuckooing in their neighbourhood and report any concerns they have. Signs to look out for include:**

 * Increased callers at a property
 * Increase in cars pulling up for short periods of time
 * Different accents at a property
 * Increased antisocial behaviour at a property
 * Not seeing the resident for long periods of time
 * Unfamiliar vehicles at the property
 * Windows covered or curtains closed for long periods
 * Communal doors propped open

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. If you prefer not to speak to the police and wish to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you or another person is in immediate danger, always call 999. **DO NOT approach anyone you suspect is being involved in drug dealing, but call the police.**

**Look out for the signs that a young person you know might be exploited by drug dealers:**

 * Persistently going missing from school or home and / or being found out-of-area
 * Unexplained money, clothes, or mobile phones
 * Excessive receipt of texts / phone calls
 * Relationships with controlling / older individuals or groups
 * Leaving home / care without explanation
 * Suspicion of physical assault / unexplained injuries
 * Carrying weapons
 * Significant decline in school results / performance
 * Gang association or isolation from peers or social networks
 * Self-harm or significant changes in emotional well-being

Call the police on 101 or visit our website for partner agencies who can offer help and support northyorkshire.police.uk/staying-safe/young-people-and-drugs-where-to-get-help/

Posted on 17 March 2020 at 03:04pm in News stories
