```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:43:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-09T10:26:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It appened on Bent Lane at around 1.45pm when the offender entered the rear garden of a property and broke the rear patio door locks to force entry into the home. Once inside the home, the suspect has caused damage before leaving the property empty handed after being disturbed by neighbours. North Yorkshire Police are [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following burglary in Sutton-in-Craven - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-burglary-sutton-in-craven-8th-march-2017/
title: Appeal following burglary in Sutton-in-Craven
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-burglary-sutton-in-craven-8th-march-2017/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:43am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information relating to a burglary at a family home that occurred in Sutton in Craven on Wednesday 8 March 2017.

It appened on Bent Lane at around 1.45pm when the offender entered the rear garden of a property and broke the rear patio door locks to force entry into the home.

Once inside the home, the suspect has caused damage before leaving the property empty handed after being disturbed by neighbours.

North Yorkshire Police are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public’s assistance to help identify the offender.

In particular, we are appealing for information about anyone seen acting suspiciously in the area on Wednesday 8 March 2017.

The suspect is described as a white man, of "swarthy" appearance, dressed casually in a dark coloured, three quarter length, slim fitting jacket. He was wearing black tracksuit bottoms and a black woollen hat. He was around 5ft 10in tall and of average build. The male ran from the rear of the property across the field in the Ash Grove/North Road direction.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for PC1389 JEFFERSON . You can also email Anne.jefferson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170039296.

Contact details:
 Anne JEFFERSON \- #1389
Anne.jefferson@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 101
Incident reference:
 12170039296
Posted on 9 March 2017 at 10:26am in Local appeals
