```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T09:48:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-02-06T13:14:43+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police have reissued their appeal for information following the death of a man in his seventies in a collision near Great Ouseburn.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Renewed appeal following fatal collision - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-appeal-following-fatal-collision/
title: Renewed appeal following fatal collision
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/renewed-appeal-following-fatal-collision/
```

Last modified: 9 May 2018 at 10:48am

Police have reissued their appeal for information following the death of a man in his seventies in a collision near Great Ouseburn.

It happened at around 6pm on Thursday 5 February 2015, at the junction of Moor Lane and Carr Side Lane on the B6265 near Great Ouseburn.

It involved a red "Manitour" tractor, which looks like a small digger, and a yellow Fiat Panda. Sadly the driver of the Fiat Panda died as a result of the collision.

Police are appealing to anyone who was travelling along the B6265 between Boroughbridge and the A59 between 4pm and 6pm last Thursday and saw either of the vehicles before the crash or who witnessed the actual collision, to please get in touch.

Senior Investigating Officer, Inspector Ian Pope, said: "This incident has resulted in the loss of a life and we urgently need the public's help to piece together all the information so that we can understand how this tragic event occurred.

"If you were on the road you may have seen something that you feel is not important but it could be vital to our investigation, so please call us, even the smallest piece of information could help."

Anyone with any information is asked to call 101, press option 2 and ask to speak to the Major Collision Investigation Team or email MCIT@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

The driver of the tractor, a 33-year-old man from the Leeds area, was uninjured and was arrested in connection with the collision. He has been released on police bail while the investigation continues.

Posted on 6 February 2015 at 01:14pm in News stories
