```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-10T14:42:42+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: It happened between Rougier Street and Station Road, York, at about 4.15am, and involved a man being punched twice to the head. The victim is white, approximately 30-40 years of age and believed to be from the York area. The victim was knocked unconscious for a few minutes, and sustained bleeding to his nose. The [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following York assault - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-york-assault-4/
title: Appeal following York assault
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-york-assault-4/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2019 at 03:42pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about an assault incident that occurred on Rougier Street, York, during the early hours of Sunday 9 June 2019.

It happened between Rougier Street and Station Road, York, at about 4.15am, and involved a man being punched twice to the head. The victim is white, approximately 30-40 years of age and believed to be from the York area.

The victim was knocked unconscious for a few minutes, and sustained bleeding to his nose.

The suspect is described as a white male, in his early 20s, with blond/ginger hair with facial hair. He was also wearing a black zip-up jacket with light blue and black trainers.

A man has been arrested and interviewed on suspicion of assault in connection with the incident. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

We are requesting the public’s assistance to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

In particular, we are appealing for information from a black taxi cab seen driving when the victim fell to the ground after being punched to the head. We are also appealing for the victim to come forward to be spoken to regarding the assault.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for Investigator Ginny Oche. You can also email ginny.oche@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12190103778.

Contact details:
 Ginny Oche \- #3662
ginny.oche@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk | 01609-643473
Incident reference:
 12190103778
Posted on 10 June 2019 at 03:42pm in Local appeals
