```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2019-06-13T09:08:58+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "At around 8.15pm on Friday 7 June 2019, a 17 year-old girl was walking towards the Clock House Pub on Tudor Road in York when the driver of a black van asked if she was \u201Cgoing to get into the car?\u201D After she refused, and crossed the road to the alley that leads onto Middleton [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal after man asks teenage girl to get in van in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-man-asks-teenage-girl-to-get-in-van-in-york/
title: Appeal after man asks teenage girl to get in van in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-after-man-asks-teenage-girl-to-get-in-van-in-york/
```

Last modified: 13 June 2019 at 10:08am

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for information following a report that a teenage girl was approached by a man in a black van.

At around 8.15pm on Friday 7 June 2019, a 17 year-old girl was walking towards the Clock House Pub on Tudor Road in York when the driver of a black van asked if she was “going to get into the car?”

After she refused, and crossed the road to the alley that leads onto Middleton Road to get away, the man pulled the vehicle into her path and got out.

He then pushed the girl and she hit him around the head with an umbrella and ran towards pub.

The man got back into his van and drove back up Tudor Road towards Gale Lane.

The driver, who spoke with a Yorkshire accent, is described as white, around 55 years-old, approx. 5ft 10ins tall and skinny build. He was wearing clear/silver round glasses, had a long white beard, white receding hair and a pale complexion.

He was also wearing a grey coloured t-shirt, black comber raincoat, black jeans, black boots.

The vehicle is described as a small tatty black van, like a camper van with a side door, with blacked out windows and without alloys on the wheels.

Officers are conducting enquiries to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

If anyone saw anything suspicious in the area or has any CCTV footage please contact North Yorkshire Police on 101.

Please quote reference number 12190103997 when passing on any information.

Posted on 13 June 2019 at 10:08am in News stories
