```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:33:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-31T16:08:34+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft at the Mulberry shop in York are appealing for information to help identify the men in the CCTV images.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2017/05/MULBERRY-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal following theft at Mulberry shop in York - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-mulberry-shop-york/
title: Appeal following theft at Mulberry shop in York
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-following-theft-mulberry-shop-york/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:33pm

Officers investigating a theft at the Mulberry shop in York are appealing for information to help identify the men in the CCTV images.

Police want to speak to the men in relation to an incident which happened at the store in Swinegate at around 12.30pm on 30 May 2017, when handbags to the value of over £2,500 were stolen.

The first man is described as white, aged early twenties, short dark cropped hair with distinctive pronounced ears, with the left ear appearing to be thicker than the right, approximately 5’6” tall and proportionate build. He was wearing a padded jacket over the top of a grey Adidas hooded top with three black stripes across the hood and black trainers, possibly Nike Air Max.

The second man is described as white, aged early twenties with long dark hair tied into a knot/bun with a white bobble, approximately 6’ tall and of slim build. He was wearing a green hooded top possibly from Superdry with white emblem and white cord, dark jean type trousers and dark boots.

Anyone who recognises the men in the CCTV, or who has any information which can assist the investigation, is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police.

Dial 101, press 2 and ask to speak to PC Daniel Kirven.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12170093592 when passing on information.

Posted on 31 May 2017 at 04:08pm in News stories
