```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-08T13:14:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-02-20T13:12:54+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a garage burglary that occurred on Acomb Road in York.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/TREK_BIKE_12160030359-300x224.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Theft of high-value cycles - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-high-value-cycles/
title: Theft of high-value cycles
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/theft-high-value-cycles/
```

Last modified: 8 June 2016 at 01:14pm

North Yorkshire Police is appealing for witnesses and information about a garage burglary that occurred on Acomb Road in York.

It happened on Acomb Road, York between 11pm on Friday 19 February and 9am on Saturday 20 February.

The offender (s) gained entry to a number of detached garages on Acomb Road close to the junction with Holgate Road, and stole two high valued cycles. It is believed that the suspect (s) may have used the alleyway which runs behind the houses and comes out onto Poppleton Road.

We are conducting enquiries and are requesting the public's assistance to help determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

__

In particular, we are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen anyone in the area acting suspiciously, or anyone who may have been offered to purchase the stolen cycles.

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact us on 101, select option 2, and ask for Christopher Storey. You can also email Christopher.Storey@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk

If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12160030359.

Date 20 February 2016

Posted on 20 February 2016 at 01:12pm in News stories
