```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-17T15:32:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-04T14:23:44+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Since 20 March 2018, officers from the city&#8217;s Neighbourhood Policing Team have been security marking the personal mobile terminals for colleagues within the city. The initiative seeks to give officers the tools so that when they are offering crime prevention advice, and encouraging members of the public to have their own items marked, they can [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/04/Dot-peen-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Officers in York make the most of property marking technology - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-in-york-make-the-most-of-property-marking-technology/
title: Officers in York make the most of property marking technology
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/officers-in-york-make-the-most-of-property-marking-technology/
```

Last modified: 17 October 2018 at 04:32pm

Officers in York have had their electronic work devices property marked to help raise awareness of the Dot Peen technology.

Since 20 March 2018, officers from the city's Neighbourhood Policing Team have been security marking the personal mobile terminals for colleagues within the city.

The initiative seeks to give officers the tools so that when they are offering crime prevention advice, and encouraging members of the public to have their own items marked, they can show how it works and what it looks like on their own devices.

Every year, officers recover hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stolen property from the hands of criminals, but all too often there is no way of identifying its rightful owners. Being able to trace the ownership of the property not only helps people get their property back, but it can also provide evidence that is vital in securing convictions.

Dot peen marking involves using a tungsten carbide-tipped pin to indent an object with dots to create a visible, permanent unique number. The unique number will be entered onto a property register database, increasing the chances that it will be reunited with its owner if it is lost or stolen.

The technology can be used on electrical devices (such as mobile phones, tablets and laptops), cycles, power tools, equestrian tack, golf clubs, musical instrument cases – and much more besides!

While other methods of property marking, such as UV marker pens or forensically-coded liquid, can also be very effective in reuniting property with its rightful owners, the visual deterrent of a permanently marked serial number alone could be enough to deter would-be thieves.

Inspector Lee Pointon, of York Police, said:

“York is a very safe place but marking your valuable property is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself from being a victim of theft or burglary.

“Criminals will spot the engraving and realise that the item will be too difficult to sell on.

"We hope that by giving our officers the opportunity to have their own property marked it will give them the tools to show the public how it works when they are providing crime prevention advice.

“Property marking not only vastly increases the chances of the police reuniting you with your property if it is lost or stolen, tracing the ownership of stolen items in this way can also provide key evidence in securing convictions of suspected offenders.

Dot peen property marking opportunities are publicised on Twitter with the hashtag #whatisdotpeen, or visit northyorkshire.police.uk/whatisdotpeen for more information.

Posted on 4 April 2018 at 03:23pm in News stories
