```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-06-10T10:21:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2015-09-22T10:21:04+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Police are urging witnesses to a large fire in Camblesforth, near Selby, to come forward with any information that could assist the investigation.
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Camblesforth fire - witnesses urged to come forward with crucial information - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/camblesforth-fire-witnesses-urged-come-forward-crucial-information/
title: Camblesforth fire - witnesses urged to come forward with crucial information
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/camblesforth-fire-witnesses-urged-come-forward-crucial-information/
```

Last modified: 10 June 2016 at 10:21am

Police are urging witnesses to a large fire in Camblesforth, near Selby, to come forward with any information that could assist the investigation.

The fire was reported at about 6.30pm on Sunday 20 September at the Selby Salads food manufacturing site.

The scene has been secured and officers are working with North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service colleagues to investigate the full circumstances surrounding the incident, which is being treated as suspicious at this time.

Detectives are appealing for anyone with information about the fire to come forward.

A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said: "This was a large fire that has caused extensive damage. Extensive enquiries are underway, and we need to hear from anyone who may have information about the incident.

"In particular, we want to speak to anyone who was driving in and around the Camblesforth area on Sunday evening, and saw anyone in the vicinity of the site. Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could be crucial evidence that could assist the investigation."

Witnesses or anyone with information that could assist the investigation should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 2, and ask for the Harrogate Serious Crime Team.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

Please quote reference number 12150166651 when passing information about this incident.

**21 September 2015**

**Updates 22 September:** Last night officers arrested a 14-year-old boy in connection with a large fire at the Selby Salads food site in Camblesforth. He has been released on bail as enquiries continue. Today police also arrested a 19-year-old man in connection with the fire. He remains in custody at this time.

Posted on 22 September 2015 at 10:21am in News stories
