```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  published:
    time: '2018-05-18T14:29:27+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "Mally Leybourn, of Scarborough, will accompany the borough Mayor and Mayoress, Councillor Joe Plant and Mrs Margaret Plant, at events and functions throughout the year. As the Mayor\u2019s Cadet, the 17-year-old will act as an ambassador for both his cadet group and for the borough. Duties will include socialising and speaking to members of the [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/05/TdY18-223x300.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Civic honour for Scarborough Cadet - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/civic-honour-for-scarborough-cadet/
title: Civic honour for Scarborough Cadet
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/civic-honour-for-scarborough-cadet/
```

Last modified: 18 May 2018 at 03:29pm

A North Yorkshire Police Cadet has become the first ever to be appointed to serve with the Mayor of the Borough of Scarborough.

Mally Leybourn, of Scarborough, will accompany the borough Mayor and Mayoress, Councillor Joe Plant and Mrs Margaret Plant, at events and functions throughout the year.

As the Mayor’s Cadet, the 17-year-old will act as an ambassador for both his cadet group and for the borough.

Duties will include socialising and speaking to members of the public, helping with prize draws and charity events and giving readings at church services.

Citizens in Policing Liaison Office Neil Lancey, who works in North Yorkshire Police’s Partnership Hub, said: “This appointment is a huge honour and it highlights the important role that the police cadet scheme plays in our communities.

“It’s also a great way to instill civic pride and a sense of public service in young people in North Yorkshire.

“We’re incredibly grateful for this opportunity and I know Mally can’t wait to get started in his new role.”

Cllr Plant approached North Yorkshire Police with the idea, saying he would be “honoured” if the Police Cadets would consider filling the position.

North Yorkshire Police embraced the idea and cadets were encouraged to submit a short application for the role.

Mally’s first invitation to an official civic engagement was the Mayor Making Ceremony on Thursday.

He is also due to attend a Mayor’s civic church service at 9.30am on Sunday 27 May at St Mary’s Parish Church, Scarborough, where he will address the audience in his new role.

Posted on 18 May 2018 at 03:29pm in News stories
