```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-04T14:27:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-04T11:01:09+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: Service Improvement Manager for the Force Control Room, Inspector Mark Proctor blogs about changes we have made when you call 101. We all recognise that frustrating feeling of making a call and being left waiting for someone to pick up at the other end. And from previous posts on social media about calling 101, we [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/09/Square-post-999or101.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: "Don\u2019t leave me hanging on the telephone! - North Yorkshire Police"
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dont-leave-me-hanging-on-the-telephone/
title: "Don\u2019t leave me hanging on the telephone!"
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/dont-leave-me-hanging-on-the-telephone/
```

Last modified: 4 September 2018 at 03:27pm

#### **Service Improvement Manager for the Force Control Room, Inspector Mark Proctor blogs about changes we have made when you call 101.**

####

We all recognise that frustrating feeling of making a call and being left waiting for someone to pick up at the other end. And from previous posts on social media about calling 101, we know people have felt this way when using the non-emergency number to contact police.

101 was introduced across all UK police forces seven years ago, in a bid to provide the public with an alternative to the 43 separate non-emergency numbers across the country and to ease the demand on 999, which was being used as a default when people did not know the local non-emergency number.

The introduction of 101 simplified the system, so that no matter where you were in the UK; you could connect easily with the police. It is also cheaper with all calls costing 15p regardless of how long they take. In the past, the costs varied according to the provider.

Since its introduction, we have taken over 1.7 million calls on the 101 number and at times, lines can get extremely busy, which can understandably be frustrating for those waiting for their call to be answered.

Since 2017 we have seen a 47% increase in non-emergency calls into our Force Control Room. Over the last 18 months call levels have remained very high, demonstrating that the demand being place on police, along with all the other emergency services, shows no sign of slowing.

On the 7 July 2018 we experienced our busiest day on record – with 487 emergency 999 calls and 729 non-emergency 101 calls being made to us in a 24 hour period. That’s busier than we would expect to be on a New Year’s Eve.

With this backdrop of increasing demand, we saw that depending upon the level of calls we were experiencing, some 101 calls were being answered quickly and dealt with efficiently, while at busy times, callers were waiting to be dealt with, or even worse – abandoning their call.

**We weren’t happy with this, as it’s not the high level of service we aspire to provide or the level of service we believe the public of North Yorkshire deserve.**

So we acted quickly and introduced a number of changes to the 101 line and investment was made into recruitment and new facilities for our Force Control Room. These improvements have paid dividends and we have seen the abandonment rate drop by a third and answer times improved by a minute. In June and July 2018 nearly 43,000 calls were made to us via 101 and the average waiting time for a call to be answered was 2 minutes 42 seconds.

Crucially, **we introduced a call-back facility to 101**. If call waiting times start creeping up – the call-back facility kicks in. Callers can request a call back by pressing 1 when prompted and leaving their contact details. When the immediate demand has passed and lines are quieter, our operators will call you back and deal with the incident you wanted to report or take the information you want to give. The service has been a great success and in June and July 2018 we made 6,999 call backs within an average of 15 minutes of the request being logged.

Sometimes, we find that people can be confused over when to dial 999 or 101 and this can again cause frustration. So over the summer we have been running a number of short videos to help the public understand the best ways to contact the police.

101 is primarily for members of the public to report non-emergency incidents or to pass on information or intelligence to local police investigations. It should not be used to report emergency matters, which are incidents where there is an immediate danger or threat to life.

For example, if your car has been damaged overnight and the offender is gone, or your property has been subjected to criminal damage – while you would be understandably be upset and shocked, you would not be in danger and so would not require an immediate police response. It’s these types of incidents which should be reported to us on 101.

If you are witnessing a crime, or an assault and the incident is happening there and then in front of you, or you see someone clearly over the limit for alcohol getting behind the wheel of a car and driving off erratically, or you believe there is an intruder in your home – these are all emergency situations where there is danger. Police should be called on 999 number and an immediate response will be sent to you.

If you have used the 101 service in the past, you may have experienced a wait until your call was answered, which is understandably annoying. We’re confident that the changes we have put in place provide an answer to lengthy waiting times.

Alongside the changes we have made to 101, we have been reviewing different methods of communication that we can use to make contacting the police easier. Our website has a wealth of information available, so if you have a general query it may be an idea to check there first – www.northyorkshire.police.uk

You can also report lost property, report a speeding or driving concern, make a complaint or submit a compliment, register as an overseas visitor and apply, renew and pay for a firearms/shotgun certificate via our website. So a call to 101 may not be necessary.

As you can imagine, the number of calls we receive and when they are made is outside of our control. Of course, we forecast call levels and plan our resources in line – but unfortunately we don’t have a crystal ball and inevitably there will be times when demand is high and our lines are busy. If you call at a time like this, please request a call back. Your call is important and we will return it.

**One thing is certain though, we will continue to search for further improvements that can be made to make contacting the police easy and convenient for you and we remain totally committed to ensuring that we provide a high level of service that the public of North Yorkshire rightly deserves and expects.**

Posted on 4 September 2018 at 12:01pm in News stories
