```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-24T15:54:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-24T11:34:21+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: At about 5am on Saturday 21 July, intruders stole a Kubota ATV from a farm in Great Broughton, thankfully it was recovered a short time later. The theft is believed to have been carried out by three males who may have been driving a silver Volvo. Police are now appealing for anyone with information to [&hellip;]
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2018/07/JUN_2984-1024x683.jpg
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Police urge quad bike owners to review security following number of thefts - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-quad-bike-owners-to-review-security-following-number-of-thefts/
title: Police urge quad bike owners to review security following number of thefts
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/police-urge-quad-bike-owners-to-review-security-following-number-of-thefts/
```

Last modified: 24 July 2018 at 04:54pm

Police are appealing to quad bike owners to review their security following a number of thefts across North Yorkshire.

At about 5am on Saturday 21 July, intruders stole a Kubota ATV from a farm in Great Broughton, thankfully it was recovered a short time later. The theft is believed to have been carried out by three males who may have been driving a silver Volvo. Police are now appealing for anyone with information to call 101 and quote incident number NYP-21072018-0113.

Another incident, which took place between 7pm on Sunday 15 July and 9pm on Wednesday 18 July, involved the theft of a grey Polaris Magnum which was taken from a rural property in Heyshaw, near Pateley Bridge. If you can provide any information in relation to this theft, please call 101 and quote incident number NYP-18072018-0618.

In addition, on Tuesday 10 July, in the early hours of the morning, a red Honda Agric quad bike was stolen from Womersley, Doncaster. If you have any information please call 101 and quote incident number NYP-12180124510.

On Monday 23 July, the quick-thinking of officers on patrol, led to the return of two quad bikes which had been stolen from a farm in Horton-in-Ribblesdale. The Officers were suspicious when they saw the two quad bikes travelling together along the A65 near Settle at 2.20am. A police ‘stinger’ device was deployed near Gargrave, stopping one of the quads. However, its rider then got on the other quad and drove off. Specially-trained police officers pursued the remaining quad towards Ilkley along the A65, before it turned down a track at Draughton and came to a stop. Both riders ran off. A 15-year-old boy from Bradford was located in bushes nearby a few minutes later and was arrested. The other was not found, despite an extensive search.

Following these recent thefts, North Yorkshire Police is reminding owners of quad bikes and all-terrain vehicles – which are amongst the items most likely to be stolen in rural areas – to take extra steps to ensure their vehicles are left safe and secure.

The force asks that people review their security and take extra measures such as storing vehicles in a locked and alarmed building which is well lit and located near to occupied buildings, removing keys and consider using wheel clamps or locking posts, fitting tracking devices and bespoke immobiliser systems. In the event of a theft, it will aid the police in their investigation if owners have customised and photographed the vehicle, and kept a record of VIN and engine numbers.

PCSO Sally Breen, of North Yorkshire Police’s Rural Taskforce, said: “It’s important for quad bike owners to invest some time and money on quality security measures rather than to go through the inconvenience and upset of having your vehicle stolen.

“I would also like to urge members of the public to act as our eyes and ears, especially in rural areas, and if you are aware of any suspicious activity, don’t hesitate to contact us, and we will take action."

Anyone with information about the incidents, or who noticed anything suspicious around the same time, is asked to call North Yorkshire Police on 101, choose option 1 and quote the relevant incident number.

Posted on 24 July 2018 at 12:34pm in News stories
