```yaml
area: North Yorkshire
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-13T12:52:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-13T10:54:45+00:00'
  publisher: http://www.facebook.com/NorthYorkshirePolice
og:
  description: "The incident happened approximately 7.50pm on Monday 12 November 2018 when two men, both armed with 6\u201D bladed weapons, entered the restaurant on the High Street and demanded money. One man is described as medium build, wearing camouflage trousers (possibly green/brown), a blue/grey ADIDAS jacket style top with three stripes down the arms and logo [&hellip;]"
  image: https://ac299a4b87076a66ac1c-ba8981882613ab522a836b37c94562dc.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/content/uploads/2016/06/crest-1.png
  locale: en_US
  site:
    name: North Yorkshire Police
  title: Appeal for information following armed robbery in Great Ayton - North Yorkshire Police
  type: article
  url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-in-great-ayton/
title: Appeal for information following armed robbery in Great Ayton
url: https://northyorkshire.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-in-great-ayton/
```

Last modified: 13 November 2018 at 12:52pm

Police are appealing for information after two men entered the Fortune Cookie Chinese Restaurant in Great Ayton and threatened staff with bladed weapons.

The incident happened approximately 7.50pm on Monday 12 November 2018 when two men, both armed with 6” bladed weapons, entered the restaurant on the High Street and demanded money.

One man is described as medium build, wearing camouflage trousers (possibly green/brown), a blue/grey ADIDAS jacket style top with three stripes down the arms and logo on left side. He was holding the bladed weapon in his right hand, wearing red gloves and wearing a vampire mask.

The other man is described as large build with a Teesside accent, wearing an olive green jacket and a blue scarf/snood around his face. He was wearing dark coloured trousers and shoes.

The men stole an amount of cash and made off on foot in an unknown direction.

Officers attended and searched the area but the offenders have not yet been found.

Detective Sergeant Michele Fawcett said:

“Thankfully, no-one was injured, however the staff were terrified and have been left extremely shaken. This was a very serious incident and we are doing all we can to identify the offenders.

“We are asking anyone who witnessed the incident, saw anything suspicious in the area at the time or may have any Dashcam footage that may assist, to contact police.

“If you think you might have seen the two men yesterday evening in the area, please also contact police. Any piece of information you can provide could assist this investigation.”

Call North Yorkshire Police on 101. Press option 1 and speak to the Force Control Room.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference number 12180211953 when passing on any information.

Posted on 13 November 2018 at 10:54am in News stories
