```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Police Identify Three Speeding Drivers Every Hour across Cleveland and Durham
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Identify Three Speeding Drivers Every Hour across Cleveland and Durham
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/police-identify-three-speeding-drivers-every-hour-across-cleveland-and-durham/
title: Police Identify Three Speeding Drivers Every Hour across Cleveland and Durham | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/police-identify-three-speeding-drivers-every-hour-across-cleveland-and-durham/
```

12:54 13/01/2020

Police are identifying three speeding drivers every hour across Cleveland and Durham, according to police figures.

Speeding is a major factor in fatal and serious collisions, and police figures saw 60,358 speed detections across the two Force areas between January 2018 and December 2019.

As part of an upcoming national campaign, senior roads policing officers are again warning of the dangers of excess speed and hope that speeding drivers take heed of their warnings and stop putting lives in danger by taking more care and responsibility for their speed.

Inspector Darren Breslin, from Cleveland and Durham Specialist Operations Unit, said: "Speeding is one of the four main causes of fatal and serious collisions, and we have seen a high number of collisions recently where people have been tragically killed or seriously injured.

"Time and time again we issue warnings about the dangers of speeding, however, as our figures show there are still thousands of speeding offences being detected across Cleveland and Durham.

"In 2019 there were 416 collisions resulting in fatalities or serious injuries across Cleveland and Durham. I'm sure that if these collisions involved a loved one of a speeding driver, they would think twice about their speed.

"Lives are being put on the line every single day and we need people to take more care and stick to speeds within the limit which are suitable for the driving conditions. Higher speeds mean that drivers have less time to react to what is happening around them, and it takes longer for the vehicle to stop.

"Our campaigns are primarily about education; raising awareness by highlighting the risks of speeding and encouraging people to obey the limits and to drive at safe speeds for the road environment. We will continue to carry out these national campaigns to try to keep people as safe as we possibly can on our roads."

Cleveland and Durham Specialist Operations Unit carries out speeding education and enforcement initiatives all year round, however, during the two-week campaign beginning today, Monday 13th January, there will be a particular focus on speeding.
