```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The independent charity Crimestoppers has launched an appeal for anonymous information and is offering a reward.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Disabled man\u2019s disappearance now treated as murder as charity Crimestoppers offers &#163;10,000 reward"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/disabled-mans-disappearance-now-treated-as-murder-as-charity-crimestoppers-offers-10000-reward/
title: "Disabled man\u2019s disappearance now treated as murder as charity Crimestoppers offers &#163;10,000 reward | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/disabled-mans-disappearance-now-treated-as-murder-as-charity-crimestoppers-offers-10000-reward/
```

14:15 20/10/2020

_Steven Clark from Marske, Redcar and Cleveland, was last seen on Bank Holiday Monday 28 December in 1992_

The independent charity Crimestoppers has launched an appeal for anonymous information and is offering a reward of up to £10,000 over the murder of Steven Clark.

The missing person's report says that Steven was last seen at 3pm on Monday 28 December near to the pier in Saltburn during a family walk. That day was a Bank Holiday Monday after Christmas. He went to use the gents' toilets near to the pier on the promenade, and his mum went into the ladies' at the same time. However, he was never seen coming out of the toilets and did not return home.

A witness has since come forward to say they believe they saw Steven near to his home address on Monday 28 December, and detectives have said that they believe he was alive and in close proximity to his home address between 3pm and 4pm that day.

He was 23 years old when he disappeared and had some physical disabilities as a result of being hit by a truck when he was a child, which left him with a severely damaged left arm and leg. He walked with a pronounced limp. His ability to walk has been described to us as `severely impaired'.

At the time of his disappearance, Steven was attending the Rathbone Society in Redcar, which worked to support people with disabilities to improve their employment skills. Steven had won the Apprentice of the Year Award.

Two people have been arrested on suspicion of Steven's murder and are on bail pending further investigation.

*****To support officers with their investigations, Crimestoppers is offering a reward of up** ** ** **to £10,000 for information the charity exclusively receives - either online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling freephone 0800 555 111 - that leads to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Steven Clark's murder*****

**Ruth McNee, Regional Manager for the North East at the charity Crimestoppers, said** : "After all these years, it it's so sad to think that no one has come forward to say exactly what happened to this young man. We are hoping that someone who may have been sitting on information about Steven's murder will now have the courage to do the right thing and tell us anonymously about who is responsible for Steven's untimely and unsolved death.

"We are appealing to anybody who may have witnessed what happened or who knows about those who were involved or may have been his acquaintances. You can tell our charity what you know 100% anonymously. Always. What you tell us can make all the difference.

"You can call our UK Contact Centre, which is open 24/7, on freephone number 0800 555 111 or you can use our simple and secure anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

"Crimestoppers has been taking crime information since our charity was formed over 32 years ago. Every day over a thousand people trust our charity. Nobody will know you contacted us, only you."

*****Information passed directly to police will not qualify for our reward. Only information passed to Crimestoppers ' using our untraceable anonymous online form at** ** ** **www.crimestoppers-uk.org** **or via our 0800 555 111 freephone number will qualify*****

Please note: Computer IP addresses are never traced and no-one will ever know you contacted us. For telephone calls, we have no caller line display, no 1471 facility and have never traced a call.
