```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Neighbourhood Police Officers will return to the police station in Loftus before Christmas.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police station in Loftus reopens
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/police-station-in-loftus-reopens/
title: Police station in Loftus reopens | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/police-station-in-loftus-reopens/
```

10:26 17/12/2019

Neighbourhood Police Officers will return to the police station in Loftus before Christmas.

In 2016, police officers moved from Loftus to a new base at Guisborough Police Station while continuing to patrol the area. But as part of a commitment to re-energise community policing there will now be a uniformed presence at the Police Station on West Road, Loftus with PCs and PCSOs based permanently at the building.

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger commits in his Police and Crime Plan to further developing neighbourhood policing and supporting the Chief Constable in delivering a new neighbourhood policing model that will place officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) where they are needed most.

Mr Coppinger said: "I've attended many community meetings across East Cleveland during my time as PCC and a recurring theme from residents is that they support the work of our officers - but they don't see enough of them. That's why this base at Loftus is so vital in bringing officers back to the communities they serve.

"One of my key commitments is ensuring community needs are met, so I'm pleased to see how quickly the Force has reopened this base to serve the people of East Cleveland.

"The Force's accelerated programme of recruitment is continuing and residents will soon start to notice an improved neighbourhood response. In the meantime, I'll continue to hold the Force to account to ensure the people of Cleveland are getting the best from their police service."

The station will also act as a base for partner agencies, with Beyond Housing co-locating in the building.

Chief Constable Richard Lewis said: "Residents want a visible and accessible neighbourhood policing team who are aware of local demands and issues. Returning Police Officers and staff to Loftus Police station displays Cleveland Police's determination to support our communities."

The leader of Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council has welcomed the move as a great result for the area.

Cllr Mary Lanigan, leader of Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council, said: "We hope this will make a real difference to people around East Cleveland. The campaign to re-open the station came as a result of local people's concerns and this is a great result for our area. I'd like to thank Chief Constable Richard Lewis for his commitment to the issue and we're pleased that council staff will work alongside Cleveland Police to provide a range of services in our communities."

Cllr Barry Hunt, cabinet member for Neighbourhoods at Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council, also welcomed the reopening.

Cllr Hunt said: "My fellow Brotton ward councillor Graham Cutler has been involved in this campaign throughout and we hope the fact that police and council staff will have a presence at West Road will give people more confidence in their local services. We want families around East Cleveland to have more peace of mind and be confident that their concerns will be responded to."
