```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Each day, Cleveland Police will update our communities on the fixed penalty notices given to people by police over a weekend (on a Monday) or the previous 24 hours.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 16 Fixed Penalty Notices Issued Over the Weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/16-fixed-penalty-notices-issued-over-the-weekend/
title: 16 Fixed Penalty Notices Issued Over the Weekend | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/16-fixed-penalty-notices-issued-over-the-weekend/
```

11:36 30/03/2020

Each day, Cleveland Police will update our communities on the fixed penalty notices given to people by police over a weekend (on a Monday) or the previous 24 hours.

On Saturday 28th and Sunday 29th March, 16 fixed penalty notices were given to members of the public, mainly for making unnecessary journeys in vehicles during the coronavirus outbreak.

Chief Superintendent Thom McLoughlin, Head of Local Policing, said: "Cleveland Police will continue to take an 'educate and persuade' approach when using the new policing powers, however, it is important that we enforce fixed penalty notices to the people who are not complying with the rules.

"Restrictions for travelling have been made very clear and people should only be travelling when essential. This includes going to work where it cannot be done from home, shopping for food or medical supplies or helping a relative.

"Our number one priority is to protect the NHS and saves lives and it is important that we all play our part and follow the rules to prevent coronavirus from spreading."

The new powers mean officers can:

 * ensure parents are doing all they can to stop their children breaking the rules
 * issue a £60 fixed penalty
 * issue a £120 fixed penalty for second-time offenders, doubling on each further repeat offence

Anyone who does not pay can be taken to court, with magistrates able to impose unlimited fines. If they still refuse to comply, police can arrest them.

Under strict measures to fight the coronavirus outbreak announced by Prime Minister Boris Johnson last week, people are only allowed to leave the house for specific reasons:

 * Shopping for "basic necessities", as infrequently as possible
 * One form of exercise a day such as a run, walk or cycle - please note: travelling in a vehicle to another location to exercise or walk a dog is NOT classed as essential travel and officers will advise you to do this closer to home.
 * Medical reasons, to provide care, or to help a vulnerable person
 * Travelling to and from work, but only if it is "absolutely necessary" and cannot be done from home

*** For further information please go to www.gov.uk/coronavirus ***
