```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A special constable who has given 50 years of volunteering to Cleveland Police has been thanked for his dedicated contribution.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '**Thank you to Special Superintendent Kane**'
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/thank-you-to-special-superintendent-kane/
title: '**Thank you to Special Superintendent Kane** | Cleveland Police'
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/thank-you-to-special-superintendent-kane/
```

11:27 17/06/2020

A special constable who has given 50 years of volunteering to Cleveland Police has been thanked for his dedicated contribution.

Special Superintendent George Kane joined the Special Constabulary in June 1970, aged 21, equipped with a whistle and a truncheon.

The Middlesbrough father-of-two had followed the suggestion of a workmate to give the Special Constabulary a try and began combining volunteering around 1,000 hours a year with his day job as a panel beater.

Now aged 70 and working in a garden centre, George continues to volunteer hundreds of hours, racking up 510 in 2019 - exceeding the Special Constabulary requirement of 16 hours per month, 192 per year.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Graham met with George following National Volunteers' Week to share the Force's appreciation for his long service.

During the pandemic George isolated for a number of weeks and this was the longest break he has had from operational policing during his service.

In his five decades of volunteering George has worked in every district of the Cleveland Force area, completed stints in traffic policing and even trained with the police divers.

George said: "I'm pleased to be back and I've missed policing. I still enjoy it, you never know what you're going to be dealing with. It's always been an interesting role and over the years I've built up many friendships. I've been working from Middlesbrough for a long time on Response and we are very much a part of the team there."

Looking back on his service to date stand out moments for George include receiving a Chief Constable's Commendation for arresting a burglary suspect when he was on his way home from a volunteering shift and receiving a thanks from an Inspector after he safely restrained a suspect who had become violent.

George adds: "I am proud to be a special constable and wear the uniform with pride. I have no plans to retire. As long as I'm physically fit I'm going to keep going. It's what I enjoy."

Cleveland Police's _Special Constabulary_ Chief Officer _David Robinson_ said: "George is an officer who is still very much at the frontline of policing. He has recently demonstrated his learning on law and procedure through a College of Policing approved training programme, and he continues to meet the Force's fitness test requirements.

"He has immeasurable experience and knowledge from his five decades of service to the communities of Cleveland, and he is someone who I am incredibly proud to serve alongside".
