```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Cleveland Police is launching a new survey to find out how victims rate the service that they received.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Victim Satisfaction Experience Survey Launched by Cleveland Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/new-victim-satisfaction-experience-survey-launched-by-cleveland-police/
title: New Victim Satisfaction Experience Survey Launched by Cleveland Police | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/new-victim-satisfaction-experience-survey-launched-by-cleveland-police/
```

11:33 31/01/2020

Cleveland Police is launching a new survey to find out how victims rate the service that they received.

The Victim Experience Survey sees victims of certain crimes such as house burglary, hate crime, violent crime and vehicle crime being asked a series of questions in a bid to help the Force improve the way it works, and identify when officers have done something well.

New technology is being used for the survey, with a sample number of victims receiving SMS text messages, which will arrive on mobile phones with the header PoliceViews.

This new way of working is not only more cost effective, but is a more convenient method for people to give their feedback to police.

Suitable controls are put in place to ensure confidentiality and Cleveland Police will never ask for financial information, passwords of pin numbers in the survey.

Victims of domestic abuse and other more serious crimes won't be sent an SMS but will be asked their views over the telephone by specialist staff from another Force area. The project is being launched under the banner of 'Our Conversation', the umbrella brand for engagement with local communities.

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Orchard said: "It's so important that people can tell us what they think about the service they receive so we can keep improving and get it right first time.

"Previously, victims would have received a telephone call which takes up their time and might not be convenient for them - this quick SMS solution is completely free of charge and allows people to have their say if they wish.

"We know how important it is that we treat people's data and information sensitively and confidentially and we have put checks and balances in place to ensure that the survey doesn't contain any identifiable information."

SMS respondents will receive a link in the text message to answer the survey, which they can click on to tell Cleveland Police how satisfied they were with how they were dealt with.

Victim Experience Survey
