```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A male victim in his 70s has received thousands of pounds back following an investigation by Cleveland Police Cyber Crime Unit.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Victim of Investment Fraud Receives Thousands of Pounds Following Cyber Crime Investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/february/victim-of-investment-fraud-receives-thousands-of-pounds-following-cyber-crime-investigation/
title: Victim of Investment Fraud Receives Thousands of Pounds Following Cyber Crime Investigation | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/february/victim-of-investment-fraud-receives-thousands-of-pounds-following-cyber-crime-investigation/
```

09:12 05/02/2021

A male victim in his 70s has received thousands of pounds back following an investigation by Cleveland Police Cyber Crime Unit, after he was scammed by someone claiming to be an investment broker.

The victim scammed out of around £30,000 last year, after believing he had been investing in shares in America. When the victim tried to cash in some of his shares the 'investment broker' cut contact with him.

Cyber Crime Officers received contact from Action Fraud and Detective Constable Rachel Graham reported the fraud to the victim's bank.

Over £5,000 was refunded back to the victim and enquiries are still underway in a bid to have further funds given back to the victim.

DC Rachel Graham said: "The victim and the team are happy with the result of the investigation so far and we are all hoping further money will be refunded back to the victim.

"He has been scammed out of a lot of money, which he will have spent a majority of his life working hard for. It's cruel that people can take advantage of vulnerable people by scamming them out of their life savings.

"I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to people to speak to older or more vulnerable friends or relations about investment fraud and scams.

"If something seems too good to be true, then it probably is, and many people online claim to be people who they are not. Some people are not fully aware that people are capable of committing such crimes.

"If you are contacted online by someone asking you to invest in shares or hand over your cash, please think twice, or speak to a relative before considering it.

"Contact Cleveland Police on 101 if you have been a victim of investment fraud or a similar type of crime."
