```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The force is looking to recruit PCSOs who will work alongside police officers and partner agencies to solve local concerns and problems.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police Launches PCSO Recruitment
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/cleveland-police-launches-pcso-recruitment/
title: Cleveland Police Launches PCSO Recruitment | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/cleveland-police-launches-pcso-recruitment/
```

16:23 09/10/2020

Do you want to make a real difference to people's lives? That's the question being asked by Cleveland Police as recruitment for Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) is launched next week.

PCSOs play a vital role in Cleveland as part of neighbourhood policing teams - tackling crime, strengthening communities and changing lives. The job is varied and rewarding and no two days are the same.

The force is looking to recruit PCSOs who will work alongside police officers and partner agencies to solve local concerns and problems.

The role has a starting salary of around £19,425 per year. There is also extra pay for shift allowance and weekend working, giving an overall starting salary package of around £24,462 rising to £25,495. Applicants must be at least 18 years old to apply and there is no upper age limit.

It is important that our PCSOs reflect Cleveland's diverse communities. We particularly encourage applications from 18-26 age category and those of Black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds, who are currently underrepresented within the role.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Graham said: "Police Community Support Officers are integral to helping find solutions to deal with crime and antisocial behaviour.

"They become part of the fabric of communities, gathering intelligence and understanding local issues. Our PCSOs tell us that it's a rewarding role, and one in which they can make a real difference.

"We're looking for the best people to get on the beat and help vulnerable people and tackle crime."

Acting Police and Crime Commissioner Lisa Oldroyd said: "Neighbourhood Policing is a key priority in the Police and Crime Plan and PCSOs form an integral part of that. I would encourage people to apply and move into a great role in public service."

Interested candidates must register an expression of interest in order to then apply. Expressions of interest open at 11am on 12th October on the recruitment section of the Cleveland Police website for one week and people who have expressed an interest will be sent a link for the full application.

All our candidates will undertake the same recruitment exercises, will be marked fairly and equally and appointments will be based on performance throughout the recruitment process.
