```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of Steven Clark in 1992.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made after missing person case from 1990s is reopened
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/arrests-made-after-missing-person-case-from-1990s-is-reopened/
title: Arrests made after missing person case from 1990s is reopened | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/arrests-made-after-missing-person-case-from-1990s-is-reopened/
```

11:44 15/09/2020

**Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of Steven Clark, from Marske-by-the-Sea in Redcar and Cleveland, who went missing in 1992.**

Detectives from the Cleveland and North Yorkshire Cold Case Unit reopened the case earlier this year and have been conducting an investigation into the circumstances of his disappearance. As a result of this, and due to there being no proof of life, detectives believe that Steven has come to serious harm and a murder inquiry has been launched.

Steven was 23 when he went missing. The missing persons report said that Steven was last seen at 3pm after a family walk on Monday 28th December 1992. The report says that he went to use the gents' public toilets near to the pier on the promenade in Saltburn, when his mum went into the ladies at the same time, but he wasn't seen coming out of the toilets and did not return home.

Officers are appealing for information from anyone who knew Steven at the time of his disappearance, or who may have information that could help with the case. They also want to hear from anyone who may have seen something on the weekend of his disappearance, which was Christmas bank holiday weekend, who maybe didn't feel that it was relevant at the time.

Key to the investigation is establishing what Steven's relationships were like with the people that he knew, at the time of his disappearance.

Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page from Cleveland Police said: "Steven has been missing for 28 years.

"There were many question marks over his disappearance, and as a result of our initial reinvestigation and the fact that there is no proof of life, we believe that Steven has come to harm.

"I appreciate that we're asking people to think back to the 1990s, but there may be people who knew Steven and have information that may prove vital to this case. I would urge them to come forward.

"The arrests are a significant development in the case, but we are still appealing to the public for help. We are continuing to conduct enquiries and searches may be carried out over the coming weeks."

The two people have been released on bail pending further investigation.

#### Anyone with information can use the Cleveland Police section of the Major Incident Public Portal via this link https://mipp.police.uk/ or call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101.
