```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Senior Cleveland Police officers are warning parents that crime and antisocial behaviour from their children will not be tolerated during October\u2019s dark nights."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to Parents of Young People re Fines for COVID Breaches on Night of High Demand
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/warning-to-parents-of-young-people-re-fines-for-covid-breaches-on-night-of-high-demand/
title: Warning to Parents of Young People re Fines for COVID Breaches on Night of High Demand | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/warning-to-parents-of-young-people-re-fines-for-covid-breaches-on-night-of-high-demand/
```

12:49 28/10/2020

Senior Cleveland Police officers are warning parents that crime and antisocial behaviour from their children will not be tolerated during October's dark nights.

For a number of years, Cleveland Police has had to plan and prepare for weeks ahead to deal with gangs of young people causing damage and crime over the Halloween and Bonfire period.

On Teesside some local youngsters cause blatant criminal damage and antisocial behaviour, leading to high demand for local police and partners.

This year, in the midst of a global pandemic, senior officers have said they will again use all powers at their disposal, including COVID legislation, to ensure that the community is kept safe. They are warning parents that fines of up to £100 can and will be issued to them if their children do not abide by COVID regulations, alongside other sanctions for criminal behaviour.

Superintendent Sharon Cooney said: "Additional police officers have been assigned to work on Friday in a bid to tackle the yearly issues we have with people committing antisocial behaviour (ASB) and crime on this date.

"This year, with COVID regulations in place, we will be taking an even tougher approach as people's lives can potentially be at risk if gangs of youths are congregating in our streets.

"Youths will be dispersed if they are caught gathering in large groups, and if they do not comply with instructions from officers, they will be taken home to their parents who can be fined up to £100 if their child has breached COVID regulations.

"Any youths who are caught participating in any form of criminal activity can also be arrested, and officers will not hesitate to make arrests if it is appropriate to do so.

"Parents and guardians also need to take some responsibility as well as police and the youngsters themselves. Whilst it is our job to police the streets, it is the parents' and guardians responsibility to know where their children are and what they are up to.

"I would ask any young person who may be reading this to think twice about their plans for Friday. We will not tolerate local communities being subjected to any form of ASB, criminal activity or any breaches of COVID regulations."

Dispersal orders will be placed in each district from Friday for a period of 48 hours which will be posted on Facebook in due course.

Please check the Government website in regards to the COVID regulations: https://rb.gy/67olfe

Anyone who has a crime to report is asked to contact Cleveland Police on 101.

Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
