```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Cleveland Police has been shortlisted into the top three organisations from hundreds of nominations for \u2018Dementia Friendly Organisation of the Year (small and medium)\u2019."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police Shortlisted into Top Three for Dementia Friendly Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/november/cleveland-police-shortlisted-into-top-three-for-dementia-friendly-award/
title: Cleveland Police Shortlisted into Top Three for Dementia Friendly Award | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/november/cleveland-police-shortlisted-into-top-three-for-dementia-friendly-award/
```

11:59 29/11/2019

Cleveland Police has been shortlisted into the top three organisations from hundreds of nominations for 'Dementia Friendly Organisation of the Year (small and medium)'.

Inspector Phil Spencer attended the Dementia Friendly Awards in London on Wednesday 27th November on behalf of the Force and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Whilst the Force did not win the award, the nomination recognises the work to support some of the most vulnerable in our communities.

Cleveland Police was the first Force in the country to run the 'Safe Haven' scheme, partnering with six local care homes to arrange places of safety when officers are dealing with a person living with dementia who is found lost or disorientated. It means that officers can take the person to seek refuge at one of the havens, rather than in a police vehicle or station, while officers make inquiries to assist them.

Additionally, Cleveland Police was the second Force in the country to introduce 'The Herbert Protocol'. This is an initiative which aims to store information which could help police should a person with dementia go missing. The Protocol encourages the family and friends of the person living with dementia to keep a record of places they may visit to assist police.

The Force has also delivered Dementia Friendly training to hundreds of officers, staff and contractors, such as those working in our custody environment and all marked police vehicles display the 'Dementia Friendly' sticker to show awareness of how to assist those living with dementia.

Inspector Phil Spencer, Cleveland Police's Blue Light and Wellbeing Coordinator, said: "It was a great honour and privilege to attend these awards on behalf of Cleveland Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner. I would like to thank all of our partner agencies across the region who have assisted us in achieving national recognition in the work that is happening in Cleveland in regards to dementia and protecting vulnerable people and communities.

"Although we fell just short of picking up the trophy, we were shortlisted into the top three from hundreds of nominations and we should all be very proud of what we have achieved together."

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger, who is also a recognised Dementia Champion, said: "There has been a great effort within Cleveland Police to establish themselves as a Dementia Friendly organisation, which I have supported enthusiastically. It's important that the police reflect and understand the communities they serve and I'm pleased their work has been recognised nationally.

"The close partnership working we have in Cleveland means officers, staff, volunteers and police cadets have all been able to improve their knowledge and establish processes to help improve their service for people living with dementia."
