```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A dedicated service to ensure domestic abuse victims receive a high quality response from police goes live today (Monday 16th December).
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New 24 Hour Facility to Offer Enhanced Service to Domestic Abuse Victims
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/new-24-hour-facility-to-offer-enhanced-service-to-domestic-abuse-victims/
title: New 24 Hour Facility to Offer Enhanced Service to Domestic Abuse Victims | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/new-24-hour-facility-to-offer-enhanced-service-to-domestic-abuse-victims/
```

14:38 16/12/2019

A dedicated service to ensure domestic abuse victims receive a high quality response from police goes live today (Monday 16th December).

Police officers with relevant knowledge and experience will deal with domestic abuse calls - with help and support for victims at the heart of the service.

The team will research the incidents and provide officers attending with intelligence and a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) to help and support them in dealing correctly with the incident.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Orchard said: "Protecting vulnerable people is our top priority and this new facility will provide a dynamic response to some of our communities' most vulnerable people.

"We acknowledge that the Force must do more to protect domestic abuse victims and we are committed to providing them with the service they deserve.

"Our new Vulnerability Desk will increase arrests of perpetrators, and make sure victims receive timely, appropriate and effective support when they are most in need of it.

"We will do all we can to protect and support victims, working with our partners from specialist agencies wherever appropriate, and making full use of Domestic Violence Protection Notices (DVPNs), civil remedies and Public Protection Notices.

"Although we are initially focussing on domestic abuse, the Vulnerability Desk will eventually increase its core responsibilities to include other aspects of vulnerability such as mental health, missing people and child concerns **. "**

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "It is clear that Cleveland Police need to make significant improvements to how they identify and respond to vulnerability, particularly in supporting adults and children affected by domestic abuse.

"I welcome the development of the Vulnerability Desk, which has great potential to better co-ordinate a range of police and partner services from the victim's first point of contact with the Force. I will request regular updates on the Desk in my monthly meetings with the Chief Constable, to ensure the public see swift improvement in the service provided to those most in need of help."
