```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A digivan emblazoned with the latest appeal for information will drive around the streets of Marske-by-the Sea today (25th September).
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Steven Clark Appeal Hits the Road
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/steven-clark-appeal-hits-the-road/
title: Steven Clark Appeal Hits the Road | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/steven-clark-appeal-hits-the-road/
```

09:59 25/09/2020

**The senior detective leading the investigation into the disappearance of Steven Clark has thanked the public for their response, as a digivan emblazoned with the latest appeal for information drives around the streets of Marske-by-the Sea.**

Tens of thousands of people have seen the police appeals online, but the investigation team wants to get into the heart of the community with the digital billboard.

The focus is on a potential new sighting of Steven on Marske High Street on Monday 28th December 1992. Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page believes that Steven was on his way to his home address when he was seen, and that he was alive between 3pm and 4pm and in Marske.

The Cleveland and North Yorkshire Cold Case Unit have launched a murder investigation and want to hear from anyone who knew Steven or remember seeing him on Christmas weekend in 1992, on Friday 25th December to Monday 28th December.

Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page said: "I'm pleased with the information that we have so far, as we're building up a picture of what Steven was like and the relationships that he had with those around him.

"The public is key to this case, and by ensuring people living and working in Marske see our appeal through the digivan, we will raise awareness across the whole community.

"The potential sighting of Steven is absolutely key for the investigation and forms the basis of our appeal on the ground."

More details have been released about Steven and his life. He was born in Colchester, Essex in 1969 and lived near Edinburgh, Scotland when he was around the age of two. He was involved in a road accident in a town called Kirkliston in which he was seriously injured after being hit by a lorry.

He spent some time at a school in Kimbolton, Cambridgeshire and went to South Africa to live in the early 1980s where he went to the Muriel Brand School near Johannesburg. He came back from South Africa after 10 years and lived in Guildford in Surrey before moving to Marske in the summer of 1991.

When he moved to Marske, he did some work for Leonard Cheshire Home, which is also known as Marske Hall.

Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain on police bail pending further investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101, Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via mipp.police.uk in the Cleveland Police section.
