```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Cleveland Police assisted in a national operation last week, alongside a number of partner agencies, to support a campaign aimed to reducing metal crime.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police Participates in Multi Agency National Metal Crime Campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/cleveland-police-participates-in-multi-agency-national-metal-crime-campaign/
title: Cleveland Police Participates in Multi Agency National Metal Crime Campaign | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/cleveland-police-participates-in-multi-agency-national-metal-crime-campaign/
```

10:46 19/10/2020

Cleveland Police assisted in a national operation last week, alongside a number of partner agencies, to support a campaign aimed to reducing metal crime.

The activity was carried out under the name Operation Tornado 2 and consisted of officers from Cleveland, British Transport Police (national lead), Local Authorities, Open Reach, National Grid and Harbour Police.

The operation aimed to tackle ongoing issues with theft and handling stolen scrap metal/ catalytic converters and to target individuals either operating without a license or buyers/ sellers who take cash payments in exchange for scrap metal.

Detective Sergeant David Carr said: "This operation was a great example of how partner agencies can work together to support a national campaign to clamp down on criminal activity involving metal crime.

"In Teesside there have been around 70 reports of metal related crime reported to the Force in the last three months which isn't particularly high, but every crime is one too many and it is important that we support our colleagues nationally.

"As a Force we concentrated on waste carrier vehicles and focussed on educating, enforcing and preventing in a bid to identify any offences or criminal activity.

"Around 15 vehicles were stopped across the week, and although no criminal offences were disclosed, two drivers were issued with £300 fixed penalty notices and two drivers are being dealt with by the local authority for having out of date licenses.

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the individuals from the Force and partner agencies who participated in and supported this operation."

People are encouraged to report any suspicious activity in relation to metal crime to the police by calling 101, or 999 if an offence is in progress. If you spot something on the railway, contact British Transport Police by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40.
