```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A man who police forces across the north-east wanted to speak to about a number of alleged offences was arrested this weekend during Operation Phoenix activity.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man wanted by several police forces arrested under Operation Phoenix
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/man-wanted-by-several-north-east-police-forces-arrested-under-clevelands-operation-phoenix/
title: Man wanted by several police forces arrested under Operation Phoenix | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/man-wanted-by-several-north-east-police-forces-arrested-under-clevelands-operation-phoenix/
```

12:22 21/07/2020

A man who police forces across the north-east wanted to speak to about a number of alleged offences was arrested this weekend by Cleveland Police during Operation Phoenix activity.

The 29 year old man was arrested on suspicion of:

 * Making threats to kill
 * Making threats to cause criminal damage
 * Possession of a Class B controlled drug
 * Two counts of burglary, alleged to have taken place in North Yorkshire and Northumbria Police areas
 * A section 18 assault (GBH) alleged to have taken place in the Durham Constabulary area
 * Breach of a restraining order (harassment)

He was also wanted for recall to prison.

Now entering its third week, the summer long campaign to improve public service, prioritise vulnerability, tackle serious violence and prevent crime has continued to see varied, targeted and intense police activity.

Under Operation Phoenix, extra patrols are working with licensed premises, security staff and volunteers to keep people safe - and officers are engaging with those on nights out in our town centres.

In Middlesbrough a man was stopped by police, found to be wanted in connection with a burglary, and arrested.

Plain clothed patrols in Berwick Hills, Middlesbrough, stop searched a number of people. Three other men were arrested - one for breaching a sexual harm prevention order (SHPO), another for breaching registered sex offender (RSO) requirements and one for possessing cannabis.

A mini moto was seized in Berwick Hills, and several properties searched for people wanted on warrant. Two suspected cannabis farms were discovered on Sunday, in Lytton Street and Saltwell Road. Inquiries are on-going.

Our Operational Support Unit seized a vehicle on Friday when the driver was found to be disqualified and driving with no insurance and in Hartlepool, three people wanted on warrant were located and arrested, with inquiries ongoing.

Operation Phoenix activity also took place within the force's Training School, with Crime Prevention Officers teaching probationer Constables about their work, providing the latest crime prevention advice and telling the new recruits how to obtain approved products to protect people's property.

Crime Prevention Officers are continuing to support a multi-agency wildlife and rural crime operation - led by our colleagues at North Yorkshire police, also involving National Park Rangers and other partners.

Chief Supt Thom McLoughlin said: "We will continue to make the best use of all our resources and focus them where we can have the best impact.

"You can see the sheer variety and scope of activity we've been doing and this will continue. We'll continue to target those who pose the most harm to our communities, those committing violence and other serious crimes. Be assured, if you are wanted by police we're actively looking for you.

"We've had some great feedback from the public about Operation Phoenix and I thank them for their continued support. I'd also urge residents to keep providing information on who is committing crime and antisocial behaviour in your area- we are listening and we will take action."
