```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Officers from Cleveland, Northumbria and the National Crime Agency assisted in two drugs warrants at properties in Redcar on Tuesday 30th June which were conducted by the North East Regional Special Operations Unit (NERSOU).
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs Concealed in Sweet Wrappers and Thousands of Pounds of Cash &amp; Items Recovered by North East Officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/drugs-concealed-in-sweet-wrappers-and-thousands-of-pounds-of-cash--items-recovered-by-north-east-officers/
title: Drugs Concealed in Sweet Wrappers and Thousands of Pounds of Cash &amp; Items Recovered by North East Officers | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/drugs-concealed-in-sweet-wrappers-and-thousands-of-pounds-of-cash--items-recovered-by-north-east-officers/
```

14:37 10/07/2020

Officers from Cleveland, Northumbria and the National Crime Agency assisted in two drugs warrants at properties in Redcar on Tuesday 30th June which were conducted by the North East Regional Special Operations Unit (NERSOU).

A man aged 29 and woman aged 25 were arrested as part of the operation to target drug dealing and tackle serious and organised crime across the Force areas.

As a result of the warrants, cannabis was seized along with high value items including a Rolex watch, a £5,000 electric bike, a van valued at over £20,000 and £6,000 cash.

Whilst officers were at the property parcels were reportedly delivered to the address containing individually wrapped packets of sweets labelled with 'chewits', 'wham' , 'fruit salad' star burst' and Lego figure chocolates. All of the sweets were reportedly concealing CDB (Cannabidiol) inside the wrappers.

Detective Sergeant Hayley Douglass from the Disruption Team at NERSOU, said: "This operation was a huge success and I would like to thank all the officers and staff from the specialist departments within NERSOU and each Force for their hard work on conducting these warrants.

"High value items involved in criminal activity have been seized as well as drugs which cause nothing but misery in our communities.

"By disrupting these individuals criminality this will help safeguard and limit the supply and availability of drugs in the north east regions that significantly harms local communities.

"Working together through NERSOU and with our partners, we will continue to improve our intelligence picture and take swift and robust action against suspects."

The man and woman were arrested on suspicion of importing class B drugs and have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Images show cannabis butter and bushes/ seized bike and cash
