```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Police are reminding people to be vigilant about where they keep their car keys following a 2 in 1 burglary (when vehicle keys are stolen in a burglary) in Ingleby Barwick where a VW Golf GTI was stolen, as well as Christmas presents and electrical goods.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Warn Public to be Vigilant after a Vehicle, Christmas Presents and Electrical Goods were Stolen in 2 in 1 Burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/police-warn-public-to-be-vigilant-after-a-vehicle-christmas-presents-and-electrical-goods-were-stolen-in-2-in-1-burglary/
title: Police Warn Public to be Vigilant after a Vehicle, Christmas Presents and Electrical Goods were Stolen in 2 in 1 Burglary | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/police-warn-public-to-be-vigilant-after-a-vehicle-christmas-presents-and-electrical-goods-were-stolen-in-2-in-1-burglary/
```

13:21 12/12/2019

Police are reminding people to be vigilant about where they keep their car keys following a 2 in 1 burglary (when vehicle keys are stolen in a burglary) in Ingleby Barwick where a VW Golf GTI was stolen, as well as Christmas presents and electrical goods.

The burglary occurred on Cradoc Grove in Ingleby Barwick and three attempted burglaries occurred on Buttermere Avenue and Church Lane (both Middlesbrough) and Sunningdale Drive in Eaglescliffe.

The incidents occurred overnight into this morning, Thursday 12th December and officers believe VW Golf R/ GTI vehicles are being targeted.

Officers are providing the below crime prevention advice on how to help prevent your vehicle from being stolen as a result of a burglary:

 1. If possible keep your car secured in a garage
 2. Do not leave car keys near the front door where they can be "fished" through the letterbox
 3. Keyless entry cars - keep the key in a "Faraday Bag" that prevents thieves from hacking the locks and ignition on your car - these can be purchased online or from retailers such as Halfords.
 4. Alternatively keep the key as far from the front door as possible, and place inside a metal box or safe.
 5. Fit an electronic immobiliser to your car that prevents the engine from running unless the correct transponder car key (or other token) is present.
 6. Use a steering wheel lock, old technology still works!
 7. If not already supplied as standard, fit a tracking device, it won't prevent a vehicle from being stolen, but it will increase the chances of it being recovered and returned by the police.

Anyone with information regarding the burglary and attempted burglaries are asked to contact Cleveland Police's Stockton CID team on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
