```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Police have been targeting the areas of Grangetown and Whale Hill as part of Operation Rugby in a bid to crack down on crime, specifically antisocial behaviour.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Operation Rugby See\u2019s Officers Seize Off-Road Bike and Return Children Home to Parents after Throwing Fireworks"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/operation-rugby-sees-officers-seize-off-road-bike-and-return-children-home-to-parents-after-throwing-fireworks/
title: "Operation Rugby See\u2019s Officers Seize Off-Road Bike and Return Children Home to Parents after Throwing Fireworks | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/operation-rugby-sees-officers-seize-off-road-bike-and-return-children-home-to-parents-after-throwing-fireworks/
```

08:29 23/10/2019

The operation was launched following concerns raised by residents after a minority of adults and youths have caused misery to the communities.

Redcar and Cleveland's Neighbourhood Inspector, Neil Deluce said: "Yesterday, officers conducted multiple checks in our targeted areas and an off-road motor cycle was seized from Kingsley Road.

"Children were also taken home to their parents and guardians after fireworks were reportedly thrown on Slater Road. Warnings were given to the youths and their parents were fully informed about their behaviour. Thankfully, no one was injured.

"This behaviour will not be tolerated and anyone caught being involved in any type of antisocial behaviour will face the full force of the law, and not just a warning. Having a criminal record at such a young age does not bode well for future prospects and this should be carefully considered.
"Officers will continue to patrol the designated areas as part of the operation and we will be going door to door to consult with local people about these issues, to gather further intelligence which will allow us to continue to work with the community to achieve the best results."

Operation Rugby has also resulted in a man, aged 26, being arrested (on Monday 21st October), on suspicion of taking a vehicle without the owner's consent, driving without insurance and possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs. He has been released under investigation for these offences and charged with a further offence for reportedly breaching bail conditions and he appeared at court on Monday.
