```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Officers from the Complex Exploitation Team executed warrants at two properties in the Gresham area of Middlesbrough this morning as part of Cleveland Police\u2019s Operation Phoenix campaign."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Complex Exploitation Team Safeguards Child After Drugs Raids
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/complex-exploitation-team-safeguards-child-after-drugs-raids/
title: Complex Exploitation Team Safeguards Child After Drugs Raids | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/complex-exploitation-team-safeguards-child-after-drugs-raids/
```

14:13 09/07/2020

Officers from the Complex Exploitation Team executed warrants at two properties in the Gresham area of Middlesbrough this morning as part of Cleveland Police's Operation Phoenix campaign.

A child was safeguarded from an address after ongoing concerns that they were witnessing suspected criminal activity and were vulnerable to further harm.

A 42-year-old woman and 49-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class C drugs after a quantity of Zopiclone tablets were seized. They are in police custody.

The new Complex Exploitation Team are focused on working with partners to protect children and young people who may be being put into danger through criminal drug networks, or being exploited by people for criminal gain.

Officers will be carrying out more raids over the coming months alongside neighbourhood police teams, the operational support unit, and the dog section.

Detective Constable Rachel Hunter from the Complex Exploitation Team said: "We work with partners to identify children at risk and use the intelligence we have to understand the problem and use enforcement action to safeguard them. Often these young people aren't able to speak out, so it's important that we identify that they are victims and we speak-up for them."

Inspector Dave Glass from the CET added: "Todays raids have been carried out under the banner of Operation Phoenix, which is our summer long crackdown on drugs and crime. It was very much a partnership approach from Cleveland Police in that we had officers from various teams involved in the action."
