```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Neighbourhood policing is being strengthened by a boost in officer numbers as part of a renewed plan to focus on Bobbies on the beat.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Neighbourhoods Teams Strengthened by Officer Increase
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/neighbourhoods-teams-strengthened-by-officer-increase/
title: Neighbourhoods Teams Strengthened by Officer Increase | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/neighbourhoods-teams-strengthened-by-officer-increase/
```

09:47 15/05/2020

Updated News Post

Neighbourhood policing is being strengthened by a boost in officer numbers as part of a renewed plan to focus on Bobbies on the beat.

28 police officers will join neighbourhood policing teams from next week in a phased approach that will see a 240-strong unit including Police Community Support Officers by summer 2020, delivering focused community policing across Middlesbrough, Stockton, Redcar and Cleveland and Hartlepool.

Cleveland Police Chief Constable Richard Lewis has made a commitment to neighbourhood policing, and increase dedicated resources to gather intelligence, prevent crime, and problem solve.

Officers joining the neighbourhood team are being given additional bespoke training to ensure that they are delivering the best service they can in towns and villages.

Last year, Cleveland Police embarked on a public survey under the banner of Our Conversation to understand the views of people living in the local area. The responses will be used to help develop neighbourhood policing going forward.

Chief Superintendent Thom McLoughlin is leading the new neighbourhood changes, he said: "We have such tight-knit communities in Cleveland and local people really understand the value of neighbourhood policing and police officers keeping an ear to the ground.

"Being in neighbourhoods is only successful if you know and understand the streets and areas that you police, because when we all work together we can really make a difference to people's lives.

"We have some fantastic officers joining teams, who really care passionately about listening to communities, solving problems, and tackling crime."

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger asked the Chief Constable to review and remodel how neighbourhood policing in Cleveland is delivered, to ensure communities get the dedicated resources they need.

He said: "I've had a long-standing commitment to strengthening neighbourhood policing in Cleveland and the desire to see more officers engaging with communities is consistent key theme in the feedback I receive from residents.

"It's a testament to the commitment of the Force's leadership that despite the challenges presented by the Covid-19 crisis, their plans to reinvigorate this area of policing have been unaffected and will continue.

"Through my scrutiny processes and by continuing to listen to the needs of our communities, I will monitor whether these extra neighbourhood resources result in a greater focus on prevention and problem-solving."

The results from the survey are available on the Cleveland Police website.
