```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Almost a decade after her son disappeared, a mother continues to seek answers.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Scott Fletcher Renewed Appeal
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/scott-fletcher-renewed-appeal/
title: Scott Fletcher Renewed Appeal | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/scott-fletcher-renewed-appeal/
```

10:14 23/12/2019

Almost a decade after her son disappeared, a mother continues to seek answers.

Hartlepool man Scott Fletcher, a father of one, who was aged 27 when we went missing, was reportedly last seen on May 11th 2011 at around 8:20pm near to a garage on the A181 at Wheatley Hill in Durham.

Detectives launched a murder investigation in December 2015, despite his body not having been found. Seven men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and have subsequently been released without charge.

Scott's mother Julie Fletcher continues to seek answers and is renewing her calls for anyone with information about her son's disappearance to come forward.

"Every day is hell on earth not knowing what happened to Scott, but it is much harder at Christmas," said Julie. "It would help to bring an end to our daily nightmare if we could just find out what has happened to him and I would urge anyone with information to contact police. We just want to know where he is and bring him home to his family."

Scott's daughter, Lucie, was only four-years-old when he went missing. She is now 12.

Julie continued: "Scott's daughter is heartbroken, she misses him greatly, as we all do, and she desperately wants her dad to come home.

"There's not a minute that goes by that I don't think about my son. To think that there are people who have information that won't come forward to ease this pain is absolutely heart-breaking."

Detective Inspector Jim Allen said: "We remain determined get answers for Julie, Lucie and all of Scott's family.

"Our investigation continues and we will carry on in order to find out exactly what happened to him.

"We know that there are people out there who have information about what happened to Scott and we would urge those people to speak to us and end the nightmare that Julie and all the family live through on a day to day basis, particularly at Christmas time."

Anyone with information is asked to call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency 101 number.
