```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The detective leading the investigation into the disappearance of missing Natalie Jenkins has appeared on national television to further the appeal for information.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: BBC Crimewatch Appeal Shows new Natalie Jenkins CCTV
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/bbc-crimewatch-appeal-shows-new-natalie-jenkins-cctv/
title: BBC Crimewatch Appeal Shows new Natalie Jenkins CCTV | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/bbc-crimewatch-appeal-shows-new-natalie-jenkins-cctv/
```

10:49 18/03/2020

The detective leading the investigation into the disappearance of missing Natalie Jenkins has appeared on national television to further the appeal for information.

New CCTV footage has been played on BBC One's Crimewatch Roadshow this morning of Natalie, which shows her walking towards Albert Park on Park Road South in Middlesbrough at 23:38pm on 10th December 2019.

Natalie can be seen wearing a white hat, which she was also wearing in other CCTV footage from earlier in the evening. Detectives believe she may have gone into Albert Park, but they are looking at other CCTV available to establish her next movements.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow, who is leading the inquiry, joined Natalie's mother Sylvia Jenkins in the Cardiff studio to issue an appeal for new information.

DCI Mark Dimelow said: "Today we have released new footage of Natalie that shows her walking in Middlesbrough some three hours after the last CCTV footage. This is significant, as it tells us that she was in and around the Park Road South area of the town, and may have gone into Albert Park.

"The next step is for us to determine where Natalie went into the early hours of 11th December.

"I would like to appeal to people who were in the area at that time to come forward. The area is busy with late night takeaways and student accommodation, and someone may have seen a woman matching Natalie's description. Crimestoppers have offered a £10,000 reward for information that leads to a conviction for the person or persons responsible for Natalie's murder."

Talking to Rav Wilding from BBC Crimewatch, Natalie's mother Sylvia said: "I just want to know what happened to her. Natalie is very, very loved and has a family that really loves her. I am begging people to come forward if they have any information. Someone knows what has happened to Natalie."

Natalie is a white female, of very slim build, around 5'5" tall with a fair complexion and straight brown hair. She has hazel eyes and a missing front tooth. Natalie has a tattoo saying SWANNY on her neck and another on her wrist saying SWANN.

Anyone with information is asked to call Cleveland Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
