```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Officers have prevented victims from the loss of &#163;135,000 in courier fraud.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers Prevent Victims from Being Scammed of Savings Amounting to Over &#163;130k
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/officers-prevent-victims-from-being-scammed-of-savings-amounting-to-over-130k/
title: Officers Prevent Victims from Being Scammed of Savings Amounting to Over &#163;130k | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/officers-prevent-victims-from-being-scammed-of-savings-amounting-to-over-130k/
```

14:04 17/12/2020

Officers from the Incident Response Team and Economic Crime Team have prevented victims from the loss of £135,000 in courier fraud scams thanks to banking protocols.

In the last month the Force has received over 30 courier fraud reports. This type of fraud is when people are targeted by very convincing callers claiming to be from the police, the bank or the 'fraud squad' and asking them to withdraw large sums of money.

Unfortunately a couple of people fell victim to the scams but most potential victims spotted the scam for what it is and ended the call and others were stopped by police or banks.

Detective Inspector Jim Forster of Cleveland Police's Economic Crime Unit said: "Courier Fraud is a particularly nasty crime that strips people of their savings. The average victim age in our area has been 71 years old.

"The banking protocol is an important part of preventing this type of crime. When banking staff become suspicious of a transaction they will, if required, call the police to try and prevent the transaction.

"In recent weeks, several victims have had their savings protected by the banking protocol, amounting to over £135,000.

"Officers from the Economic Crime Unit have been visiting all the banks across the Force area to reaffirm how important it is to call us for any suspicious transactions.

"Anyone who receives a phone call from someone claiming to be police or a bank and asking about money should hang up immediately and inform a trusted friend or relative.

"I want to make it clear that police and banks would never phone anyone and ask them to take money out of their accounts.

"I'd urge everyone to talk to their older family members or friends who may not have seen our messages on social or traditional media. Please, make them aware and help us to protect them."

If you believe you have been a victim of courier fraud please contact Cleveland Police on 101.
