```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Cleveland Police is encouraging members of the public to support a charity\u2019s new campaign to protect victims of domestic abuse during the Coronavirus pandemic and encouraging everyone to play their part."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Force Supports Charity\u2019s Campaign on Domestic Abuse"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/force-supports-charitys-campaign-on-domestic-abuse/
title: "Force Supports Charity\u2019s Campaign on Domestic Abuse | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/force-supports-charitys-campaign-on-domestic-abuse/
```

09:52 07/04/2020

Cleveland Police is encouraging members of the public to support a charity's new campaign to protect victims of domestic abuse during the Coronavirus pandemic and encouraging everyone to play their part.

Crimestoppers launched its initiative across the North East yesterday, Monday 6th April.

The charity is appealing for information from people who are aware of domestic abuse happening to friends, family, work colleagues or neighbours.

Domestic abuse can be physical, psychological, emotional, sexual or financial. It affects one in four women and one in six men during their lifetime. It's estimated that a typical victim endures up to 35 assaults before speaking up, and in some cases results in death.

Cleveland Police's Head of Crime Detective Chief Superintendent Jon Morgan said: "We know that neighbours, family and friends may have suspicions that domestic abuse is happening in their community, but they may be reluctant to get involved or to speak to police so I'd urge anyone who has information to please pass it to Crimestoppers.

"Remember, Crimestoppers is a charity and is completely independent of the police. Rest assured you will never have to give your name or other identifying details.

"Please think of those people who may be isolated during this lockdown and who are feeling terrified and alone. You can help them by stepping forward and telling Crimestoppers what you know. You will be helping victims, including many children, and you could save lives."

Crimestoppers' UK Contact Centre is open 24/7 on Freephone 0800 555 111 or visit their website: crimestoppers-uk.org and fill in their simple and secure anonymous online form.
