```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Today, Tuesday 1st October, Ian Froom, aged 48, of Westfield Court in Redcar was found guilty of attempted murder following a domestic incident against his pregnant partner at the address in April 2019.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man Found Guilty of Attempted Murder and Sentenced to 18 Years in Prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/man-found-guilty-of-attempted-murder-and-sentenced-to-18-years-in-prison/
title: Man Found Guilty of Attempted Murder and Sentenced to 18 Years in Prison | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/man-found-guilty-of-attempted-murder-and-sentenced-to-18-years-in-prison/
```

07:54 01/10/2019

Today, Tuesday 1st October, Ian Froom, aged 48, of Westfield Court in Redcar was found guilty of attempted murder following a domestic incident against his pregnant partner at the address in April 2019.

As a result of the incident, the victim almost died.

Justice was served in court today as Froom was sentenced to 18 years in prison.

Detective Chief Inspector Cath Galloway said: "I would like to firstly commend the victim for her incredible bravery in giving evidence in this trial.

"The victim and her children have been through a terrifying ordeal which no one should ever have to go through. What Froom exposed both the victim and her children to will have a profound and long-lasting effect on the rest of their lives.

"Throughout the judicial process, Ian Froom pleaded not guilty and repeatedly denied knowledge of some of the crimes he has committed. As a result the victim has had to endure a trial and repeatedly live through the agonising incident in front of a jury, which is distress which Froom could have spared her from. The victim has both physical and mental scars from the attack and will undoubtedly never fully recover.

"Today's verdict and 18 year sentence has put Froom behind bars for a long time and this will hopefully allow the victim and her family to begin to make steps to move forward with their lives.

"In addition to this I would like to thank the attending officers for their courage at the scene whilst arresting Froom, who was extremely violent and was armed with a weapon.

"I would also like to thank my team who have worked tirelessly to bring him to trial. Their hard work and professionalism resulted in Froom being brought to justice for the horrific offences he has committed.
