```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the disappearance of Natalie Jenkins have launched a major search operation in central Middlesbrough this morning.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives Launch New Search Operation for Missing Natalie Jenkins
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/detectives-launch-new-search-operation-for-missing-natalie-jenkins/
title: Detectives Launch New Search Operation for Missing Natalie Jenkins | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/detectives-launch-new-search-operation-for-missing-natalie-jenkins/
```

11:51 15/07/2020

Detectives investigating the disappearance of Natalie Jenkins have launched a major search operation in central Middlesbrough this morning.

Trained officers working with a specialist search dog will ask residents in around 1,300 homes for permission to go into the front and rear gardens of their properties.

They will be looking for clues or items belonging to Natalie, who went missing in December 2019 and who detectives believe has been murdered.

The new step in the investigation follows long-term searches of Albert Park and Acklam Steelworks in April this year.

Properties in ten streets are the focus of today's activity and are located near to the last confirmed CCTV sighting of Natalie on Park Road South on 10th December.

Homeowners will be approached by officers wearing PPE who will ask for permission to search their gardens with the dog, but they will not be going inside anyone's home.

A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and a 65-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice, both have been bailed pending further enquiries.

Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information that leads to a conviction of the person or persons responsible for Natalie's murder.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow, who is leading the case, said: "Our focus remains on the area near to Albert Park in central Middlesbrough and today's operation is the next step in finding answers for Natalie's family.

"I appreciate the help and support of local people, which has been incredible so far, and I would ask that they help us once more by allowing search officers and the dog to go into their garden areas. The dog is highly-trained so the search won't take long and we aim to do it with as minimal disruption as possible.

"If anyone has information on the case that is helpful to us, please think about speaking to us, or reporting anonymously through Crimestoppers."
