```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Budding police officers can apply for Cleveland\u2019s Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship when recruitment goes live on Wednesday 5th February, during National Apprenticeship Week."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police to Launch Police Degree Apprenticeship
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/cleveland-police-to-launch-police-degree-apprenticeship/
title: Cleveland Police to Launch Police Degree Apprenticeship | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/cleveland-police-to-launch-police-degree-apprenticeship/
```

12:19 31/01/2020

Budding police officers can apply for Cleveland's Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship when recruitment goes live on Wednesday 5th February, during National Apprenticeship Week.

The new entry process into Cleveland Police gives people a fantastic new opportunity to earn while they learn - gaining a degree in Professional Policing Practice whilst working as a warranted police constable.

Successful candidates can benefit from a £24,000 starting salary and specialist training over three years in modern day policing techniques.

This new route into the service is part of the national changes in 2020 to policing which requires new officers to achieve the degree within 3 years of joining. Tuition fees will be paid for by national apprenticeship funding.

Senior officers from the Force hope that the apprenticeship will open the world of policing to people from diverse, underrepresented groups who may have not previously considered a career in the police.

Chief Constable Richard Lewis said: "The Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship covers areas that are critical to delivering effective policing in the 21st Century, such as supporting vulnerable people, dealing with cyber-crime, problem solving and crime prevention.

"We're looking for the best candidates who want to play a part in changing local lives. Our police officers act as positive role models within our diverse communities and I want us to attract people from a variety of backgrounds who can make a difference to policing in Cleveland."

"Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "This is a great opportunity for people from all backgrounds to start a career in policing, where they can make a real difference to communities in Cleveland whilst studying for a well-respected qualification.

"Apprenticeships have been used successfully in a range of industries to help nurture talent and equip people with the skills and qualifications they need for a bright future. I'm glad Cleveland Police will follow suit and look forward to meeting the new recruits on this exciting programme."

More information on the PCDA is available on this website and Cleveland Police social channels. Details of the degree provider will be announced soon.
