```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Today, Junior Chester Bryan from Middlesbrough has been sentenced to 29 years (5 years extended license) after being convicted of 23 crimes against eight women.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Home Secretary Praises Work of Cleveland Police for Operation Rosa
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/home-secretary-praises-work-of-cleveland-police-for-operation-rosa/
title: Home Secretary Praises Work of Cleveland Police for Operation Rosa | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/home-secretary-praises-work-of-cleveland-police-for-operation-rosa/
```

12:19 24/04/2020

Today, Junior Chester Bryan from Middlesbrough has been sentenced to 29 years (5 years extended license) after being convicted of 23 crimes against eight women.

The offences span a 20 year period from 1993 and 2013 and took place in Middlesbrough, Darlington, Leeds and London.

Detectives from the Historic Investigation Unit, which is funded by a Home Office Special Grant, took on the case after a victim came forward in 2017 and the result today has been a culmination of over two years of hard work by the team.

The investigation, named Operation Rosa, contained 2158 individual actions and generated 3345 items - which can be statements, transcripts, emails and other documentation into the inquiry. It has been a significant and extensive investigation.

Home Secretary Priti Patel has written to the team to congratulate them on their efforts in securing the conviction, saying "you should all be very proud of your achievements in uncovering and successfully bringing forward charges in these cases which have returned a guilty verdict."

Superintendent Mick Hunt from the Historic Investigation Unit said: "Junior Chester Bryan is a depraved and dangerous individual and I want to praise the victims in this case for having the bravery and strength to come forward and endure the trial.

"I hope the sentencing today gives them some comfort that he will be behind bars and off the streets - the huge part they have played in helping bring him to justice has protected other women and children from harm.

"This investigation has been a detailed and thorough investigation by detectives and I would like to thank them for the work they have done to bring Junior Chester Bryan to justice."

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Orchard said: "This has been a fantastic example of meticulous detective work by officers within the Historic Investigation Unit and I would like to thank them, and the Crown Prosecution Service and partner agencies for their efforts. They can be very proud of the work that they have carried out and for them to receive personal thanks from the Home Secretary is a real honour.

"Victims of abuse do not have to suffer in silence, we can help, and support services can help to provide care and advice. Cases such as this show that people are being brought to justice some many years after their crimes. I would urge victims to seek support."

Please visit www.cleveland.police.uk for advice on support agencies or call Cleveland Police on 101 if you are a victim of abuse, always 999 in an emergency.
