```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The detective leading the case of missing Steven Clark has received significant information into the inquiry, as a potential witness has come forward to report seeing Steven on Monday 28th December 1992 in the late afternoon.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Significant Development in Steven Clark Case as Potential Witness Comes Forward
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/significant-development-in-steven-clark-case-as-potential-witness-comes-forward/
title: Significant Development in Steven Clark Case as Potential Witness Comes Forward | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/september/significant-development-in-steven-clark-case-as-potential-witness-comes-forward/
```

16:04 23/09/2020

The detective leading the case of missing Steven Clark has received significant information into the inquiry, as a potential witness has come forward to report seeing Steven on Monday 28th December 1992 in the late afternoon.

The woman was out with her family and has reported that Steven passed them as they were walking on the High Street towards Marske square. The man, believed to be Steven, was walking in the opposite direction towards The Ship Inn and it hadn't yet got dark.

After seeing the appeal for Steven in 1992 the woman confirmed with her family that it was Steven who they had seen, but did not think it was relevant to the case at that time.

The report has been made to police as a result of a newly launched murder investigation into Steven's disappearance, as she felt the information was now significant.

Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page said: "This is an important development for us because we know that it got dark that day at around 3:45pm and this potential sighting puts Steven in Marske before that time.

"We believe that Steven was alive on 28th December between 3pm and 4pm in close proximity to his home address."

"We have carried out a number of searches in the Marske area and these will be continuing. A lot of people knew Steven and I would again appeal for people to come forward with any information, no matter how small or insignificant they think it is.

"I would like to hear from anyone who saw Steven on Christmas bank holiday weekend in 1992, which was Friday 25th December to Monday 28th December. You can call the Cleveland and North Yorkshire Cold Case Team directly, or speak to Crimestoppers anonymously."

Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder and have been released on bail pending further investigation.

Anyone with information can call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be given through the Cleveland Police section of mipp.police.uk
