```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the suspected murder of Naheed Khan, 43, have today released images of a vehicle that they are appealing for further information about.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Appeal for Information about Vehicle which could assist Naheed Khan Investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/november/police-appeal-for-information-about-vehicle-which-could-assist-naheed-khan-investigation/
title: Police Appeal for Information about Vehicle which could assist Naheed Khan Investigation | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/november/police-appeal-for-information-about-vehicle-which-could-assist-naheed-khan-investigation/
```

14:27 04/11/2019

Detectives investigating the suspected murder of Naheed Khan, 43, have today released images of a vehicle that they are appealing for further information about.

It is believed that Naheed may have travelled in the vehicle at the end of April/early May 2018, shortly before her disappearance on the early May bank holiday weekend last year (Monday 6th May).

The vehicle is a distinctive light blue Ford Focus (registration MX02 CVU) which was recovered by officers in January 2019 on Acton Street in Middlesbrough. It has a distinctive white sticker of a vehicle on the rear boot panel which says 'Paul Walker one last ride'.

Officers believe the vehicle may have been up for sale in June 2018 at the junction of Sedgemoor Road and Holmefields Road in Middlesbrough and it was possibly sold to someone on Falmouth Street, also in Middlesbrough.

Senior Investigating Officer, T/ Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow, said: "We have carried out extensive enquiries since we recovered the vehicle and there a still a few gaps we need answers to regarding the vehicles movements between May 2018 and January 2019.

"Do you recognise the vehicle? Do you know someone who has owned it or have you ever seen Naheed inside of the vehicle?

"If you do recognise the Ford Focus, or if you have been offered it for sale, particularly during the period of May 2018 to January 2019, please contact us with further information.
"Prior to the vehicle being recovered it is believed it had spotlights and further stickers on the front of it. We have also received information to suggest the car was up for sale in the Grove Hill area."

Naheed, also known as Nad, had links in Stockton, Middlesbrough and Thornaby. She is described as Asian, of slim build and around 5ft 6" tall, with long, dark hair.

A 39-year-old man was arrested in connection with the disappearance of Naheed and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information is asked to call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, people can visit https://mipp.police.uk/ and provide information direct to the investigation team.

Independent charity Crimestoppers are offering up to £10,000 for information they receive that leads to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the suspected murder of Naheed Khan. Contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
