```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Parents are being offered a new way to keep their kids entertained as Cleveland Police and the Police and Crime Commissioner launch a drawing competition for kids.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Launch Drawing Competition for Kids as they Keep Safe Indoors
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/police-launch-drawing-competition-for-kids-as-they-keep-safe-indoors/
title: Police Launch Drawing Competition for Kids as they Keep Safe Indoors | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/police-launch-drawing-competition-for-kids-as-they-keep-safe-indoors/
```

14:23 03/04/2020

Parents are being offered a new way to keep their kids entertained as Cleveland Police and the Police and Crime Commissioner launch a drawing competition for kids.

Youngsters between the ages of 2 and 14 are being invited to send in a picture for a chance of winning a £25 Amazon gift voucher. There will be a prize in the age category 2-7 and one for 8-14 year olds.

The theme is 'when I think of police I think of', and children can show us their favourite part of the police, whether it is the cars, police, dogs, motorbikes or anything else they can think of.

After their masterpiece is finished, parents and guardians should send a picture or scan of their creation alongside the child's name, age and what area of Cleveland they are from clevelandpolicecomp@gmail.com. Once the Chief Constable Richard Lewis, and Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger have chosen the winners, parents will be emailed back to let them know.

Chief Constable Richard Lewis said: "As a parent myself, I know how hard it is to keep kids occupied at the best of times, and at the minute, people are doing all they can to keep them smiling while they are safe indoors.

"We thought that this competition would be something positive as we know how much little ones love the police. I look forward to seeing everyone's creations, and they will certainly brighten-up our police stations."

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "We all know how important it is to stay indoors to protect our NHS and save lives, but it can be a confusing and unsettling time for children.

"I've seen lots of great ideas on social media for parents to keep their family busy, and we wanted to add to that with this competition. I'm happy to sponsor the prizes and look forward to meeting the prize winners in person when this is all over."

The closing date for the competition is Monday 20th April 2020 at 5pm.
