```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Michael Halliday, 40, of Dresser Lane in Middlesbrough was sentenced to 7 years in prison today after being convicted of manslaughter at Teesside Crown Court.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man Sentenced to 7 Years Following Manslaughter Conviction
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/man-sentenced-to-7-years-following-manslaughter-conviction/
title: Man Sentenced to 7 Years Following Manslaughter Conviction | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/march/man-sentenced-to-7-years-following-manslaughter-conviction/
```

14:07 10/03/2020

Michael Halliday, 40, of Dresser Lane in Middlesbrough was sentenced to 7 years in prison today after being convicted of manslaughter at Teesside Crown Court.

Anthony Robinson, 49, died as a result of being punched by Halliday outside the Roundel pub in Thornaby in September last year.

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Jayne Bryan said: "We welcome the sentence given to Michael Halliday today.

"Halliday's mindless act of violence on the night of September 17th 2019 at a local pub in Thornaby, resulted in the tragic death of 49-year-old Antony Robinson.

"I hope today's sentence raises awareness of the serious consequences of losing control as a result of drinking alcohol. Antony's life was taken away in a split second, as a result of one punch, which will forever have a devastating effect on his family's lives.

"Halliday's appalling actions should make people think twice about how much they drink. Cleveland Police officers will ensure that anyone found carrying out such reckless behaviour is brought to justice.

"We hope today's result provides some form of comfort to Antony's family, knowing that the person responsible for this tragedy is behind bars."

Antony's family said today: "No sentence imposed will ever make up for the loss of Anto and no words can express the pain and anguish our family and friends have endured since his death.

"Our family have been cruelly forced through a trial as Michael Halliday pleaded not guilty to an offence he knew he had committed.

"He continually lied throughout the proceedings and accused Anto of being to blame for his own death. This whole process has been extremely distressing for the family, without the added pressure of a trial, which didn't need to go ahead in the first place.

"Everyone who knows Anto, knows he was a gentle giant and wouldn't hurt anyone, he always had a smile on his face.

"The night of his death, he died scared and alone and the heartbreak of not being able to say goodbye to him will torture our family forever.

"There will be no more birthdays, Christmases, karaoke or fishing trips to share with his children and grandchildren.

"The loss of Anto has ripped through our family and our lives will never be the same again.

"We would like to take this opportunity to thank the witnesses who came forward and gave evidence in this trial as they have helped bring Halliday to justice for his unforgiveable and violent actions."
