```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Cleveland Police aims to deliver outstanding policing for its communities and is seeking the public\u2019s help."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police ask for community feedback to help set neighbourhood priorities
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/november/police-ask-for-community-feedback-to-help-set-neighbourhood-priorities/
title: Police ask for community feedback to help set neighbourhood priorities | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/november/police-ask-for-community-feedback-to-help-set-neighbourhood-priorities/
```

09:19 01/12/2020

Cleveland Police aims to deliver outstanding policing for its communities and is seeking the public's help.

Under the banner of 'Our Conversation', the Cleveland Police Community Survey seeks to find out what local people see as priorities for the area they live, and how they want neighbourhood policing to be delivered.

Superintendent Marc Anderson said: "It is important that we engage with the communities we serve and fully understand what their local priorities around crime and anti-social behaviour are.

"This forms part of listening to people and understanding what is impacting on them on a daily, weekly or monthly basis and helps Cleveland Police allocate targeted resources where needed.

"This will also allow the Local Neighbourhood Teams to drill down to their ward areas and ensure they are tackling the issues that really matter to the community they serve.

"It is important to show that we are here, we are listening to community concerns and then report back what we have achieved to reduce these issues and concerns in the future. This all forms part of Neighbourhood Policing."

The survey will be used to inform a neighbourhood performance framework, help set local priorities and assess current and future demand.

Due to Covid restrictions the survey will be administered online using Smart Survey, however, as with previous surveys, Cleveland Police hopes to make future surveys available via other means, including paper copies. Plans would also see future surveys made available in different formats; including different languages.

### The survey will run from December 1st 2020 to January 1st 2021\. To complete the survey click here.

###### _Free prize draw to win one of ten £50 Amazon vouchers. Automatic entry by completing our Communities Survey in full and supplying name, telephone number and email address information. Winner will be chosen at random on Tuesday 5th January 2021. Successful entrants will receive an email confirming they have won. Winners must respond within 28 days to claim their prize. Voucher will be sent via email shortly thereafter. Open to UK residents aged 16+. Closing date for entries in 11pm on 31 December 2021. One entry per person. No cash alternative to prize stated. Voucher non-transferable. Read our full privacy notice here: www.cleveland.police.uk/hyg/fpscleveland/privacy-notice/_
