```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Cleveland Police received 315 emergency calls for service yesterday into today, on one of the busiest days of the year, which resulted in four officers being assaulted and 31 people being arrested.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four Officers Assaulted, 31 Arrested and Over 300 Emergency Calls Received on Black Friday
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/four-officers-assaulted-31-arrested-and-over-300-emergency-calls-received-on-black-friday/
title: Four Officers Assaulted, 31 Arrested and Over 300 Emergency Calls Received on Black Friday | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/four-officers-assaulted-31-arrested-and-over-300-emergency-calls-received-on-black-friday/
```

12:36 21/12/2019

Cleveland Police received 315 emergency calls for service yesterday into today, on one of the busiest days of the year, which resulted in four officers being assaulted and 31 people being arrested.

Four officers were spat at, elbowed and repeatedly punched whilst carrying out their duties.

Chief Superintendent Emily Harrison said: "The Force responded to a huge demand yesterday into the early hours of this morning, with over half the calls to our control room needing an immediate emergency response.

"In addition to the high level of demand, four of our officers were assaulted whilst they were working tirelessly looking after our communities whilst most people were out enjoying the festive period.

"One of our officers was repeatedly punched in the face causing swelling to his face and eye. This level of abuse towards our officers is disgusting and the Force will not tolerate it under any circumstances.

"Each of our officers put their life on the line to protect people living in our communities, they work around the clock every day of the year, including bank holidays, Christmas, and all the holidays where people like to be out celebrating.

"They do not deserve to treated like this, they deserve the utmost respect when carrying out their duties. Anyone who abuses or assaults our officers will face the full force of the law.

"I would like to thank all of our officers and staff for their hard work on Black Friday, they went above and beyond to keep everyone safe which has resulted in 31 people being locked up."
