```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "Missing Alison Danks\u2019 family are today releasing a statement two weeks after she was reported missing to police."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family Release Statement Two Weeks on Since Alison Danks Disappearance
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/family-release-statement-two-weeks-on-since-alison-danks-disappearance/
title: Family Release Statement Two Weeks on Since Alison Danks Disappearance | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/family-release-statement-two-weeks-on-since-alison-danks-disappearance/
```

09:28 05/06/2020

Missing Alison Danks' family are today releasing a statement two weeks after she was reported missing to police.

Alison Danks (also known as Bishop), 39, was last sighted on CCTV near to Outwood Academy Bydales School on Coast Road in Marske at 12:22am on Saturday 23rd May and has not been seen since.

Prior to this sighting she had been seen walking along Redcar Road in Marske at 12:10am and then along Marske High Street and towards the school.

Alison's brother Mathew Bishop, on behalf of the family, said: "Ali built up close and deep relationships with so many people and we are all hurting since she disappeared. We all want to see Ali return home safe and as soon as possible.

"Mum, myself and all her family love her with all our hearts and miss her dearly.

"Ali if you are reading this, please just make contact by any means possible to let us know you are ok.

"If anyone has seen Ali and can get a message to us we will be eternally grateful, whatever the circumstances. All that matters to our family is that we know Ali is ok."

Detective Chief Inspector Chris Motson: "Two weeks is a long time for Alison to not be in touch with her family and friends and our dedicated team of officers are working closely with the family whilst they carry out their enquiries to try and trace her.

"Our key focus in this investigation is around Marske and we would once again appeal directly to anyone with private CCTV or dash cam footage or to those who may have been walking or driving in the area around the time that she was last sighted to come forward as a matter of urgency."

Alison is white, 5'6" tall with fair complexion, green eyes and blonde hair tied up in a ponytail. She was believed to be wearing a distinctive bright mustard coloured jacket, blue jeans and possibly UGG boots at the time she went missing.

Anyone with dashcam or private CCTV footage which could assist the investigation or anyone with any possible sightings of Alison late on Friday 22nd May into the early hours of Saturday 23rd May is asked to contact Cleveland Police on 101.

CCTV and dash cam footage can be uploaded onto the portal here: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/xpress/appeal/alison-danks

Images show: Alison Danks and a CCTV still image showing the clothing she was last seen wearing when she went missing.
