```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Roads policing teams are closely with neighbourhood policing officers to crackdown on speeding motorists in villages and residential areas.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Joint Campaign Launched to Protect Families from Speeding Vehicles
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/joint-campaign-launched-to-protect-families-from-speeding-vehicles/
title: Joint Campaign Launched to Protect Families from Speeding Vehicles | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/joint-campaign-launched-to-protect-families-from-speeding-vehicles/
```

15:50 09/07/2020

Roads policing teams are closely with neighbourhood policing officers to crackdown on speeding motorists in villages and residential areas.

As part of an intensive 12-week campaign across the Force, speed camera vans will be in areas that have been identified as causing concern for local communities - usually in outlying villages, busy residential roads where children and families are and locations of previous collisions.

One of the areas that has focus in the campaign is Dunsdale in Redcar, where neighbourhood police officers have been working with Councillor Bill Clarke after concerns from local people about speeding vehicles.

Chief Inspector Neil Deluce said: "Local people have a right to feel safe where they live, and speeding vehicles are a huge concern, particularly when their children are out playing in residential areas. It's important that we educate people about the dangers of speeding, going only a few miles over the speed limit can kill.

"We're here to listen to the concerns of residents and work with partners and our own teams to address them and problem solve over the longer term. There has been a priority focus on Redcar and Cleveland over the last two weeks which I know local people will be pleased to hear."

Councillor Bill Clarke, Ward Councillor for Guisborough, said: "The safety of our communities and road users is of paramount importance to us, and residents of Dunsdale village have rightfully been concerned about the danger of speeding vehicles in the area.

"Cleveland Police reacted within days to the complaints I received. In the unprecedented times we live in this shows tremendous cooperation on behalf of our residents between Cleveland police and the local authority. I would like to thank both organisations for their assistance in this matter especially when resources are stretched."

Roads Policing Inspector Stephen Clyburn added: "Our main focus is to educate people about speeding, drivers are aware of the speed limits, but some may think only going a few mph over causes no problems. The reality is that speed limits have been set at a reason, to keep human lives safe, and going even a few miles over can have devastating consequences if they hit a person or another vehicle.

"Our main focus is on education, through the speed awareness courses, and helping drivers to understand the dangers of breaking the speed limit."
