```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Officers investigating the disappearance of vulnerable Thornaby woman, Natalie Jenkins, are directly appealing to the public for dash cam and private CCTV footage.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Direct Appeal to Public for Dash Cam and CCTV Footage for Missing Natalie Jenkins Investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/direct-appeal-to-public-for-dash-cam-and-cctv-footage-for-missing-natalie-jenkins-investigation/
title: Direct Appeal to Public for Dash Cam and CCTV Footage for Missing Natalie Jenkins Investigation | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/direct-appeal-to-public-for-dash-cam-and-cctv-footage-for-missing-natalie-jenkins-investigation/
```

12:45 24/12/2019

Officers investigating the disappearance of vulnerable Thornaby woman, Natalie Jenkins, are directly appealing to the public for dash cam and private CCTV footage.

Natalie, 32, was last seen at her home address on Westbury Street in Thornaby on Wednesday 11th December at 10am.

Police have received intelligence to suggest she was seen in the Park Road South area of Middlesbrough between 6pm on Tuesday 10th December and 4am on Wednesday 11th December.

Officers also believe Natalie was often in the Newport area of Middlesbrough, possibly around the dates of Tuesday 10th, Wednesday 11th and Thursday 12th December. Police are particularly keen for anyone with sightings of Natalie between Tuesday 10th December and Saturday 21st December to please come forward with information.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Murphy King said: "It is Christmas tomorrow, and for someone who is extremely close to her family, it's extremely concerning that Natalie has not been in touch with her parents.

"We are directly appealing to the residents of Westbury Street, Thornaby with private CCTV footage on the above date to please come forward.

"In addition to this, anyone with dash cam footage of the areas of Middlesbrough and Thornaby for the mentioned dates and locations are asked to contact us urgently with any potential sightings or footage of Natalie as they may be able to assist with enquiries."

Natalie is a white female, of very slim build, around 5'5" tall with a fair complexion and straight brown hair. She has hazel eyes and a missing front tooth. Natalie has a tattoo saying SWANN on her neck and another on her wrist saying SWANNY.

Anyone with information as to Natalie's whereabouts or anyone who may have seen her, is asked to contact Cleveland Police on 101.

Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
