```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Cleveland Police has appointed UK charity SafeLives to deliver domestic abuse training to police officers and staff.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force Appoints UK Charity to Deliver Bespoke Domestic Abuse Training
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/force-appoints-uk-charity-to-deliver-bespoke-domestic-abuse-training/
title: Force Appoints UK Charity to Deliver Bespoke Domestic Abuse Training | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/force-appoints-uk-charity-to-deliver-bespoke-domestic-abuse-training/
```

15:36 28/10/2020

Cleveland Police has appointed UK charity SafeLives to deliver domestic abuse training to police officers and staff.

As part of the Chief Constable's commitment to improving the service delivered to vulnerable people, teams will be trained in the dynamics of abuse, coercive control and the tactics used by perpetrators.

The College of Policing, with the support of SafeLives and other key stakeholders, developed a bespoke learning programme aimed at cultural change to domestic abuse, called 'Domestic Abuse Matters' which is designed to create long term improvements and consistency in the policing response to domestic abuse across the country.

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Orchard said: "We're delighted to have SafeLives on board to help us on our path to create real change.

"Tackling domestic abuse is a key priority for us, and it is so important for us to get it right first time. Domestic Abuse Matters will help us to create workplace champions who can share best practice, and test ourselves on our knowledge of coercive and controlling behaviours, and help us build to a better understanding.

"We're making positive strides forward - we're arresting more people for domestic abuse above the national average, and we're seeing fewer victims withdraw from the prosecution process. The College training delivered by Safelives will help us to improve further."

Melani Morgan, SafeLives lead for DA Matters, added:

"We're delighted to be working with Cleveland Police to deliver Domestic Abuse Matters.

Each year over two million adults in the UK experience domestic abuse. One in five children experience domestic abuse growing up. A common understanding of the dynamics of abuse, and the tactics used by perpetrators is vital. With this training, Cleveland Police will be able to see the whole picture for families and victims experiencing harm - helping people become safe sooner, and holding perpetrators to account."
