```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Police investigating the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins have now moved their search efforts to Albert Park in Middlesbrough.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Searches to Focus on Albert Park in Natalie Jenkins Investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/police-searches-to-focus-on-albert-park-in-natalie-jenkins-investigation/
title: Police Searches to Focus on Albert Park in Natalie Jenkins Investigation | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/police-searches-to-focus-on-albert-park-in-natalie-jenkins-investigation/
```

13:59 30/04/2020

Police investigating the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins have now moved their search efforts to Albert Park in Middlesbrough.

Skilled officers will search the 30-hectare site and an underwater dive team will focus on the lake and waterways to look for any evidence. The operation begins today and will take a number of days, continuing over this weekend.

A 40-year-old man and 66-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of murder and have been bailed pending further enquiries. A 65-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice and has also been bailed.

Last month, detectives released CCTV footage of Natalie walking towards Albert Park on Park Road South in Middlesbrough at 23:38pm on 10th December.

The footage showed Natalie wearing a white hat, which she was also wearing in other CCTV footage from earlier in the evening. Natalie had walked from Thornaby into Middlesbrough on the night of 10th December.

Police are continuing to appeal for information from the public, with Crimestoppers offering a £10,000 reward for information that leads to a conviction of the person or persons responsible for Natalie's murder.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow, said: "Our searches in Albert Park will take several days and will involve teams of officers led by trained search advisors. The area around the park has always been a significant location to our investigation and information has led us to focus on the inside of the park.

"I can't divulge what this information is for operational reasons, but we are still appealing for people to come forward to tell us what they know. We're providing support to Natalie's family and are keeping them updated with what is happening with the investigation."

Natalie is a white female, of very slim build, around 5'5" tall with a fair complexion and straight brown hair. She has hazel eyes and a missing front tooth. Natalie has a tattoo saying SWANNY on her neck and another on her wrist saying SWANN.

Anyone with information can contact Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101 or via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be given through the Major Incident Public Reporting Site https://mipp.police.uk

Image Credit: Ian Cooper, The Gazette
