```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: 'Vulnerability Desk


    Cleveland Police has strengthened its commitment to protecting vulnerable people with the launch of a new strategy.'
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police Strengthens Commitment to Safeguarding with New Strategy
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/vulnerability-desk/
title: Cleveland Police Strengthens Commitment to Safeguarding with New Strategy | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/vulnerability-desk/
```

11:42 13/01/2020

Cleveland Police has strengthened its commitment to protecting vulnerable people with the launch of a new Vulnerability Strategy.

The launch sees the introduction and development of new projects, including:

 * A vulnerability desk, which has managed and reviewed over 500 safeguarding incidents since it began on 16th December.

 * The Domestic Abuse Solutions Team (DAST) which will house specialists to deal with repeat incidents, providing support to victims and using problem-solving to reduce offending. The team will embed elements of a successful pilot project known as the 'Whole Systems Approach', which was funded by the Police Transformation Fund, with additional resources funded by Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger.

 * The vulnerability custody suite, which has been launched today, caters for vulnerable people who have additional needs. They are booked-in through a separate facility, which minimises the disruption or exposure from other detainees.

The Strategy highlights that 'vulnerability is everyone's business' as it features in work from all departments across the Force.

Assistant Chief Constable Lisa Orchard, said: "We come into contact with thousands of people who are vulnerable and the service we deliver must be robust so that we can work closely with partner agencies to safeguard them.

"There may be people who come into contact with police who may have complex needs which may be best supported by other appropriate agencies and so, in order to provide the best service that we can, we work closely with our strategic partners and other support agencies including the voluntary sector.

"The work that underpins our strategy is built on best practice and the skills and expertise of people who have years of knowledge in this field. We will be introducing new projects in 2020 to make sure that we continue to protect vulnerable people and prevent them from becoming victims or perpetrators of crime."

Police and Crime Commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "Supporting vulnerable victims is a key priority of mine so I welcome this commitment from the Force and I will continue to monitor the progress of the new strategy."
