```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The mother of missing Hartlepool man Scott Fletcher has spoken of her agony nine years on since his disappearance.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Scott Fletcher\u2019s Mother Speaks of Agony Nine Years Since his Disappearance"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/scott-fletchers-mother-speaks-of-agony-nine-years-since-his-disappearance/
title: "Scott Fletcher\u2019s Mother Speaks of Agony Nine Years Since his Disappearance | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/scott-fletchers-mother-speaks-of-agony-nine-years-since-his-disappearance/
```

10:05 11/05/2020

The mother of missing Hartlepool man Scott Fletcher has spoken of her agony nine years on since his disappearance.

Julie Fletcher is again urging people to come forward with information to end her suffering and tell her of Scott's whereabouts.

Scott, who was 27 when he went missing, was reportedly last seen on May 11th 2011 at around 8:20pm near to a garage on the A181 at Wheatley Hill in Durham.

Detective Inspector Jim Allen is also appealing for people to give any information, no matter how small to investigators, as it might be the missing piece of the jigsaw that they need.

Julie said: "Time goes slowly when you are grieving the loss of your child. I need to know where Scott is, it does not get easier. The thought that there are people out there who know what we are going through as a family, and simply don't want to ease our suffering, makes this much more difficult to bear.

"Please, if you are harbouring a secret about Scott, please come forward. You can report anonymously to Crimestoppers - just please tell us where he is."

Detectives launched a murder investigation in December 2015, despite his body not having been found. Seven men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder but were released without charge.

Detective Inspector Jim Allen said: "Julie is really brave and has done a great deal in helping us to raise awareness of Scott's case. We are continuing to appeal to the public for information, we will still follow-up information in the hope that we find Scott and bring anyone responsible for his disappearance and murder to justice."

Anyone with information can contact Cleveland Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
