```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A stark warning has been issued to unruly youths and their parents in the Micklow Close area of Redcar after a spate of fires and damage.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to parents and youths in Micklow Close area of Redcar
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/warning-to-parents-and-youths-in-micklow-close-area-of-redcar/
title: Warning to parents and youths in Micklow Close area of Redcar | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/october/warning-to-parents-and-youths-in-micklow-close-area-of-redcar/
```

16:20 14/10/2020

A stark warning has been issued to unruly youths and their parents in the Micklow Close area of Redcar after a spate of fires and damage.

Cleveland Police, Cleveland Fire Brigade and Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council have joined together to take action after wheelie bins were set ablaze, several fires were started on a nearby field, and fireworks were thrown at fire officers who attended the scene last night.

Police were called to reports that wheelie bins had been set on fire at around 7pm near to Micklow Close and Cleveland Fire Brigade attended the scene.

Neighbourhood police officers have pledged to find those responsible. People in the local community are being urged to come forward with any intelligence or information on those involved, or report anonymously through Crimestoppers.

A dispersal order is currently in place, and as groups of more than six should not gather, fines can be issued for those flouting Coronavirus legislation,

**Inspector Neil Deluce from Cleveland Police** said: "Local people have enough to deal with due to Coronavirus without having to live with this blatant criminality and vandalism.

"We know that it's gangs of young people causing this damage and they must go home to their parents smelling of smoke. We simply won't tolerate people being fearful in their own community, and will take action against the culprits. It would be wise for those involved to come forward before we knock on their door. I would appeal for those in the local community with knowledge of who is responsible to come forward and tell us what they know."

**Steve Johnson, Senior Area Manager Prevention, Cleveland Fire Brigade** said: "Criminal and irresponsible behaviour will not be tolerated. It is completely unacceptable for us to be continually called out to deliberate fires that cause blight to local communities and attacking our firefighters shows blatant disregard for the life-saving service we provide which could be needed to help their friends and families.

"We are here to protect and help our local communities. These thoughtless actions of a minority indicates a total lack of respect for anything or anyone, putting firefighters and the wider community at risk and potentially preventing us from attending life-saving incidents where we may need to rescue people. We will work in collaboration with our colleagues to provide footage to support the police to make prosecutions".

**Councillor Barry Hunt, Cabinet Member for Neighbourhoods and Environment** , said: "This is dangerous behaviour which could lead to serious injury and anyone who knows anything should come forward with information quickly before anyone is hurt. Our Anti-Social Behaviour and Community Development Officers are supporting residents and police to identify those responsible. People deserve peace and quiet in their neighbourhood and this simply cannot be tolerated."

Anyone with information should call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
