```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins arrested three people in connection with her murder yesterday morning.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three People Arrested in Missing Natalie Jenkins Case
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/three-people-arrested-in-missing-natalie-jenkins-case2/
title: Three People Arrested in Missing Natalie Jenkins Case | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/april/three-people-arrested-in-missing-natalie-jenkins-case2/
```

15:55 28/04/2020

Detectives investigating the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins arrested three people in connection with her murder yesterday morning.

A 40-year-old man, 66-year-old man and 65-year-old woman were arrested and have been released on bail pending further enquiries. Officers conducted searches of properties in the Middlesbrough area yesterday and today in connection with the investigation.

Cleveland Police began searching for Natalie in December last year, when she was reported missing after not being in touch with family or friends. Last month, detectives released CCTV footage of Natalie walking towards Albert Park on Park Road South in Middlesbrough at 23.38pm on 10th December.

The footage showed Natalie wearing a white hat, which she was also wearing in other CCTV footage from earlier in the evening. Natalie had walked from Thornaby into Middlesbrough on the night of 10th December.

Police are continuing to appeal for information from the public, with Crimestoppers offering a £10,000 reward for information that leads to a conviction of the person or persons responsible for Natalie's murder.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow, said: "While these arrests are a significant step forward in our investigation, we are still appealing for information from the public and urge them to come forward to us, or anonymously through Crimestoppers.

"We're very interested in the Albert Park area of Middlesbrough and what happened to Natalie in the early hours of 11th December. We will be conducting some searches today in connection with the arrests in a bid to find Natalie and bring anyone responsible for her murder to justice.

"As always, our thoughts are with Natalie's family, who have shown such strength in the face of their harrowing ordeal."

Natalie is a white female, of very slim build, around 5'5" tall with a fair complexion and straight brown hair. She has hazel eyes and a missing front tooth. Natalie has a tattoo saying SWANNY on her neck and another on her wrist saying SWANN.

Anyone with information can contact Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101 or via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
