```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Volunteers working to give something back to their community contributed a massive 27,000 hours of service on behalf of Cleveland Police last year.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force Says Thank You to Volunteers for Amazing Contribution
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/force-says-thank-you-to-volunteers-for-amazing-contribution/
title: Force Says Thank You to Volunteers for Amazing Contribution | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/june/force-says-thank-you-to-volunteers-for-amazing-contribution/
```

13:10 01/06/2020

Volunteers working to give something back to their community contributed a massive 27,000 hours of service on behalf of Cleveland Police last year.

The work of special constables and volunteer police staff equated to over £106,000 in contributory time in 2019. The figures have been released at the start of Volunteers Week, as the Force says thank you to people from the community who give their spare time to help others.

Cleveland Police has 44 special constables and 33 police staff volunteers who all bring an extensive pool of skills, local knowledge, and diverse backgrounds to enhance the level of service provided by police.

Special constables have the same powers as warranted police officers and deal with incidents happening in communities alongside specific policing operations. Police staff volunteers take on differing roles such as victim support callers, vehicle checkers, and community support volunteers.

Many of the volunteers working for Cleveland Police have given more of their time on the frontline to help keep people safe during lockdown. Special constables have carried out 2,000 hours between them during the Covid-19 pandemic.

Chief Constable Richard Lewis said: "Volunteers add so much to the fabric of Cleveland Police. Even now, during these uncertain times, great people are coming forward to give their time to help, and their contribution doesn't go unnoticed by me or my colleagues.

"It's poignant that in a global pandemic, when people have their own personal worries and concerns, that they still want to volunteer for us and support our frontline. As Chief Constable, me saying thank you doesn't seem enough, but we are all sincerely grateful - as are our communities.

"The volunteer effort in 2019, and beyond, has been amazing and it is really making a difference to the lives of local people."

In addition to the hours amassed by police volunteers during 2019, volunteers working on behalf of the Police and Crime Commissioner have given up thousands of hours to safeguard those in police custody.

Independent visitors assessed the wellbeing of 135 detainees in custody during the 19-20 financial year and appropriate adult volunteers provided 9,237 hours of support to vulnerable people during police interviews.

PCC Barry Coppinger said: "The amazing response during Covid-19 proves that the voluntary sector is stronger than ever and in Cleveland we have an army of people willing to give up their own free time to make a difference.

"Special constables, police volunteers, custody visitors and appropriate adults all do a fantastic job of supporting frontline services and ensuring the most vulnerable get the support they need during police contact."

Volunteer opportunities are advertised on Cleveland Police social media pages and www.cleveland.police.uk when roles become available.
