```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Local beat officers have secured a closure order on a Guisborough address after the street was plagued by nuisance and antisocial behaviour.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents Given a Happy New Year Following Closure Order Success
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/january/residents-given-a-happy-new-year-following-closure-order-success/
title: Residents Given a Happy New Year Following Closure Order Success | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/january/residents-given-a-happy-new-year-following-closure-order-success/
```

13:05 08/01/2021

Local beat officers have secured a closure order on a Guisborough address after the street was plagued by nuisance and antisocial behaviour.

Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Lorraine Hudson, who celebrates 18 years on patrol in the Guisborough ward this month, worked hard with the neighbourhood team to close the property on Stump Cross in the town.

Residents on the street were being targeted from the property, with people using the house to cause unruly and threatening behaviour, which was making lives a misery.

The Guisborough Neighbourhood Team put together a case before the courts and a Judge agreed for the order to go-ahead. Neighbourhood police officers worked closely with staff from Beyond Housing, who own the property, and who were supportive of the police action.

The closure order granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act means that the address is immediately closed to all persons until 5th April. Anyone now entering the property could be arrested and fined and/or imprisoned.

Police Community Support Officer Lorraine Hudson said: "I've worked in Guisborough for almost two decades and I love the place and its people. The occupant of the address and his visitors were creating havoc and misery for the decent people living on the street. As a PCSO I had to do something to stop it from happening. Everyone deserves a peaceful life, and the beauty of neighbourhood policing is that we can really dig down into local problems like this and make a positive change.

"Just because our closure order has been put in place now, doesn't mean the work of our team stops. We will be keeping a close eye on the area and would urge anyone facing similar problems to contact us. We all joined policing so that we can use the powers available to us to protect people and strengthen communities."

Sharon Dalton, Communities Manager for Beyond Housing said: "We are pleased that, through our partnership with Cleveland Police, action has been taken to address the issues arising from anti-social behaviour at this property. We are wholly committed to working proactively with our partners to ensure that Beyond Housing customers can enjoy safe and peaceful neighbourhoods."
