```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: The detective leading the investigation into the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins has launched a murder enquiry.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cleveland Police Launches Natalie Jenkins Murder Investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/cleveland-police-launches-natalie-jenkins-murder-investigation/
title: Cleveland Police Launches Natalie Jenkins Murder Investigation | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/january/cleveland-police-launches-natalie-jenkins-murder-investigation/
```

11:56 30/01/2020

The detective leading the investigation into the disappearance of 32-year-old Natalie Jenkins has launched a murder enquiry.

At a press conference this morning, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow announced that he believes Natalie has come to harm as there has been no proof of life since her disappearance, and she has not been in touch with family or friends.

New CCTV images of Natalie have been released today which show her walking along Parliament Road in Middlesbrough at around 7:55pm on 10th December.

Detectives have previously released footage of her earlier on the same night walking from Westbury Street in Thornaby before walking on Stockton Road towards Middlesbrough.

Natalie's mum, Sylvia, gave an emotional appeal to the public through the media for help in finding her little girl.

She said: "Natalie is very, very loved and has a family that really loves her. I would do anything for her, she's my little girl, and I just want to know what has happened to her. There isn't a minute that goes by that I don't think about her.

"I am begging people to come forward, someone knows what has happened to Natalie and if they come forward and tell police, I would help them. We will never stop looking for Natalie and this is never going to go away. I am asking for people to contact police if they have seen or heard anything that will bring my beautiful daughter home to me."

DCI Dimelow needs help from the public, and is appealing for information from anyone who can help piece together Natalie's whereabouts on 10th and 11th December and beyond.

He also wants to speak to those who knew Natalie and may have information to help the team.

He said: "Natalie was reported missing on 15th December and we've been working to piece together her whereabouts since 10th December when she was seen on CCTV. We've spoken to hundreds of people and have retrieved over one thousand hours of CCTV footage - our sole aim is to find Natalie.

"It has been difficult for Sylvia to speak publicly today, but her emotion shows the deep love she has for Natalie and the gut-wrenching need to find answers and find her daughter.

"If anyone has information they can contact us through our specialist portal https://mipp.police.uk via 101 or anonymously through Crimestoppers."

Natalie's mum, Sylvia Jenkins with Detective Chief Inspector Mark Dimelow
