```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A significant development has taken place in the Steven Clark murder investigation, with the author of an anonymous letter coming forward.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police make progress in Christmas murder mystery case
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/police-make-progress-in-christmas-murder-mystery-case/
title: Police make progress in Christmas murder mystery case | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/police-make-progress-in-christmas-murder-mystery-case/
```

14:00 03/12/2020

A significant development has taken place in the Steven Clark murder investigation, with the author of an anonymous letter coming forward.

Police investigating the suspected murder of Steven Clark who disappeared in mysterious circumstances in 1992 have now identified the author of an anonymous letter sent to police in 1999 which claimed to know who was responsible for Steven's murder.

The letter was received by police seven years after he disappeared near his home in Marske, near Redcar.

Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page said: "This is a significant moment in the investigation. For 20 years we have been in possession of this handwritten anonymous letter and now, for the first time, we have been able to speak to the author.

"There have been a number of twists and turns since we started to reinvestigate this cold case and this latest development marks another significant moment which has included new sightings of Steven on the day of his murder and a wealth of new material being uncovered. The investigation is moving forward, we continue to urge anyone with any information to contact us.

"We believe that Steven was alive on 28th December between 3pm and 4pm in close proximity to his home address.

"We have carried out a number of searches in the Marske area and these will be continuing. A lot of people knew Steven and I would again appeal for people to come forward with any information, no matter how small or insignificant they think it is.

"Steven was well known in the local area and as we approach Christmas I would particularly like to hear from anyone who saw Steven on Christmas bank holiday weekend in 1992, which was Friday 25th December to Monday 28th December. You can call the Cleveland and North Yorkshire Cold Case Team directly, or speak to Crimestoppers anonymously."

Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder and have been released under investigation pending further investigation.

Anyone with information can call Cleveland Police on the non-emergency number 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be given through the Cleveland Police section of Major Incident Public Portal at; mipp.police.uk
