```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: A neighbourhood officer from Hartlepool has won an Emergency Services Award.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hartlepool Neighbourhood Officer Wins Public Nominated Emergency Services Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/hartlepool-neighbourhood-officer-wins-public-nominated-emergency-services-award/
title: Hartlepool Neighbourhood Officer Wins Public Nominated Emergency Services Award | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/december/hartlepool-neighbourhood-officer-wins-public-nominated-emergency-services-award/
```

14:03 12/12/2019

A neighbourhood officer from Hartlepool has won an Emergency Services Award.

PC Geoffrey Coggin, who is from Hartlepool and has worked for Cleveland Police for 13 years, was nominated for the award by members of the public for going above and beyond his duties as a police officer.

He collected the award at a ceremony at Hardwick Hall Hotel hosted by the Hartlepool Mail, on Wednesday 4th December.

Geoff's nomination, written by a member of the public, read: "Geoff spends valuable time with people of all ages and always has a smile on his face and contributes to local school gardens, allotment organisations and community projects.

"He also goes into schools to educate young people and steer them away from crime as well as giving advice on internet safety and while he is not a school liaison officer, he still makes sure he makes a difference to a generation of Hartlepool citizens. Geoff is a credit to Hartlepool and to Cleveland Police."

Speaking of his award, PC Geoffrey Coggin said: "I am grateful to the communities of Hartlepool for nominating me for this award and I'm overwhelmed that I won.

"I am proud to work for Cleveland Police and to protect the people living in Hartlepool. Working in schools is something I make time to do and enjoy doing as the welfare of our future generations is so important and it is vital that we keep children on the straight and narrow.

"Some of the children I have spoken with in schools have joined the cadets with the aim of becoming a special constable or police officers one day and I am over the moon that I have made such a positive impact on their lives which will one day benefit our communities."

Hartlepool Neighbourhood Sergeant, Adrian Dack, added: "Geoff is a great officer and has all the time in the world for everyone, whether it's a colleague or a member of the public.

"This award is well deserved and I am proud to have him on my team and to see him recognised for his hard work and dedication to his job and to the communities we serve."
