```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: 42-year-old Andrew Stones, from Stockton, was last seen on 28th October 2020 on Norton Road, close to the Buffs Social Club, around midday.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives Launch Murder Investigation after Man\u2019s Disappearance"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/march/detectives-launch-murder-investigation-after-mans-disappearance/
title: "Detectives Launch Murder Investigation after Man\u2019s Disappearance | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/march/detectives-launch-murder-investigation-after-mans-disappearance/
```

08:47 24/03/2021

Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who disappeared in October 2020.

42-year-old Andrew Stones, from Stockton, was last seen on 28th October 2020 on Norton Road, close to the Buffs Social Club, around midday.

A team of detectives dedicated to the investigation have been working to try to find out what happened to Andrew. They have carried out enquiries including door to door, speaking with Andrew's family and associates and open land searches along with a number of public appeals.

Their enquiries have now led to two men being arrested.

On Tuesday morning, 23rd March, two men, both aged 42 and from the Stockton area, were arrested on suspicion of Andrew's murder. Those men have been questioned and have now been bailed with conditions, whilst enquiries continue.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Shaun Page, said: "The disappearance of Andrew Stones has now become a murder inquiry, and we are asking the public for their assistance in helping us find out what happened to Andrew.

"Andrew's family are being supported by specially trained officers, who are keeping them up to date as the investigation progresses. Our thoughts are with them as they come to terms with the fact that this is now a murder inquiry. We have a team of detectives working on this case, who are dedicated to finding the answers for them as to what has happened to Andrew.

"Anyone who may have seen Andrew on Wednesday 28th October is asked to contact us, as they may have information which could be extremely important to this inquiry."

Members of the public may see police carrying out search activity in the area around Dunmail Road in Stockton in the coming days, as the investigation continues.

Anyone who may have information, or may have CCTV or dash cam footage of Andrew Stones on Wednesday 28th October, is asked to contact Cleveland Police on 101.

Independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111, or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
