```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: An operation which ran throughout last summer re-launches today (Tuesday 7th July) as Cleveland Police focuses on crimes which traditionally increase at this time of year.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Phoenix rises again for summer crime crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/phoenix-rises-again-for-summer-crime-crackdown/
title: Phoenix rises again for summer crime crackdown | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/july/phoenix-rises-again-for-summer-crime-crackdown/
```

14:37 07/07/2020

An operation which ran throughout last summer re-launches today (Tuesday 7th July) as Cleveland Police focuses on crimes which traditionally increase at this time of year.

Operation Phoenix is a summer long operation to improve public service, prioritise vulnerability, tackle serious violence and prevent crime.

Last year saw a reduction in front line demand after the force focused on improving its processes, and focused on key areas, and Operation Phoenix 2020 will utilise the same intelligence-led, proactive approach, to build on the successes.

This summer's operation will continue the positive work to reduce demand, by officers safeguarding vulnerable people, targeting dangerous and repeat offenders, and focussing on prevention and problem-solving.

With the help of new software, support from our partner agencies and making efficient and effective use of police resources, the aim is to drive down overall crime and safeguard vulnerable victims.

Launching Operation Phoenix, Chief Superintendent Thom McLoughlin explained:

"We're taking a pro-active, problem solving approach and will make the best and most efficient use of the resources we have - our people and our systems - to tackle increased demand over the summer, with victims' wellbeing and welfare at the heart of everything we do."

He warned: "If you're persistently committing crime and causing harm in our communities we will target you. If you're wanted on warrant, for prison recall or breach of bail and don't hand yourself in - we will arrest you."

He added: "Our proactive operations will continue over the course of the summer. We have allocated additional resources to disrupt organised crime, target criminals and raid homes and businesses we believe are connected to crime.

Chief Supt McLoughlin stressed that vulnerable victims were at the heart of the operation: "Our focus will be on identifying and safeguarding victims of exploitation and trafficking, where again intelligence gathering and proactive operations will be key.

"And for those suffering domestic abuse, our message remains the same - we can help you, we are here for you and we're committed to working with specialist organisations to safeguard and protect you."
