```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: "The integral role of women in policing has been highlighted by Cleveland Police on International Women\u2019s Day."
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: International Women&#39;s Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/march/international-womens-day/
title: International Women&#39;s Day | Cleveland Police
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2021/march/international-womens-day/
```

10:14 08/03/2021

The integral role of women in policing has been highlighted by Cleveland Police on International Women's Day.

Women from across the force have emphasised their work leading some of the largest policing operations in the area, their experience with complex criminal investigations, and in directing and co-ordinating the response to protecting Prime Minister Boris Johnson on a recent local visit.

Their work and the roles of other women across the Force has been emphasised in a social media reel playing across Cleveland Police accounts on Monday 8th March.

Chief Superintendent Lisa Theaker was at the helm of the Prime Minister's visit to Fujifilm on Teesside, working alongside Superintendent Sharon Cooney and Chief Inspector Helen Wilson, directing a team of firearms officers on the ground. Chief Superintendent Theaker also led on Thursday's visits by the Prime Minister and Chancellor.

She said: "I have never felt inhibited by my gender working in the police service but not every woman has been as fortunate. Seeing women in senior positions offers a path for others to follow and I feel a degree of responsibility to others.

"We need more women in leadership positions. We have talented people of all genders across the organisation and my message to women on this important day is use your voice and make it heard around the table.

"Madeleine Albright the United States first female Secretary of State said 'there is a special place in hell for women who don't help other women'. I agree with her and my message is, be a role model to other women for collaboration over competition."

The Cleveland Police Women's Network is also playing a part in the day by hosting a virtual workforce session involving Deputy Chief Constable Helen McMillan and Assistant Chief Constable Steve Graham. They will celebrating the role of women in the force, and are using the theme of the day, choose to challenge.

Police Staff Investigator, Wendy Roy, who is also chair of the Cleveland Police Women's Network added: "We have a great network of women, and men as advocates, who are helping Cleveland Police to become ahead in maternity and paternity issues, the impact of the Menopause, challenging stereotypes and mental health awareness.

"There is much to be celebrated this International Women's Day, but also work that needs to be done to continue to recognise the role of women in policing."
