```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the suspected murder of a 30-year-old dad in Hartlepool have now released pictures of three men they want to trace.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Hemwand Ali Hussain suspected murder: Have you seen these men?'
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/hemwand-ali-hussain-suspected-murder-have-you-seen-these-men/
title: 'Hemwand Ali Hussain suspected murder: Have you seen these men? | Cleveland Police'
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2019/october/hemwand-ali-hussain-suspected-murder-have-you-seen-these-men/
```

07:55 02/10/2019

Detectives investigating the suspected murder of a 30-year-old dad in Hartlepool have now released pictures of three men they want to trace.

Hemwand Ali Hussain's body was found in a property in Charterhouse Street, Hartlepool, on Sunday September 15th.

The three men police want to speak to in connection with their investigation into Mr Hussain's death are thought to be Albanian. Police believe they may have been in the Cleveland area at the time of the alleged murder.

Detectives have information to suggest the first man they're looking for was a passenger in silver Mercedes E Class. His picture has already been circulated across the north as he is thought to have links with Bolton, Sheffield and Leeds. He's in his early 40s with very short or shaved dark hair and dark facial hair.

Cleveland Police has now shared images of two further men. The men pictured are thought to have potential links with Bolton, Sheffield and the Edgware, Primrose Hill and Kilburn areas of London.

The first man appears to be aged in his 20s and is pictured in a light coloured sweatshirt top with dark bands around the arms and the logo 'Fila'. He is wearing dark utility-style trousers and light trainers. He has a medium, muscular build and short black hair which is longer on top.

The second man is pictured wearing a light or grey t-shirt and jogging bottoms and trainers with light and dark markings. He also appears to be in his 20s or early 30s with a medium, muscular build.

Three men, aged 22, 31 and 38 have been charged in connection with Mr Hussain's death and inquiries are on-going.

Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn of the Cleveland and North Yorkshire Major Investigation Team said: "Specially trained officers continue to support Mr Hussain's family. It's hard to imagine how difficult it must be for them at this time.

"Our investigation into Mr Hussain's death continues. We believe the men whose images we've shared may have information vital to our investigation and want them to make immediate contact with us. We believe they may have been in the Cleveland area at the time of the alleged murder.
"Due to the nature of our investigation, we would ask people not to approach these men but to contact police.

"Anyone with information is asked to contact Cleveland Police via the 101 number, reference number 159141. Alternatively, people can visit https://mipp.police.uk and provide information direct to the investigation team.

"You can also contact independent charity Crimestoppers to give information 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or at Crimestoppers-uk.org"
