```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Ahead of the Bank Holiday weekend, Cleveland Police and the NHS are urging people to continue to act responsible and maintain social distancing.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CThis isn\u2019t over yet\u201D police and NHS urge restraint ahead of Bank Holiday weekend"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/this-isnt-over-yet-police-and-nhs-urge-restraint-ahead-of-bank-holiday-weekend/
title: "\u201CThis isn\u2019t over yet\u201D police and NHS urge restraint ahead of Bank Holiday weekend | Cleveland Police"
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/may/this-isnt-over-yet-police-and-nhs-urge-restraint-ahead-of-bank-holiday-weekend/
```

10:15 21/05/2020

Ahead of the Bank Holiday weekend, Cleveland Police and the NHS are urging people to continue to act responsible and maintain social distancing.

In order to maintain social distancing, police and partners are urging everyone to act responsibly this weekend by avoiding large gatherings.

Chief Superintendent Thom McLoughlin, Head of Local Policing at Cleveland Police, said: "We continue to police according to the national guidance and continue to ask our communities to abide by all the Government advice to stay alert, stay at home as much as possible, work from home if you can, limit contact with other people, keep your distance if you go out and wash your hands regularly.

"Personal responsibility is now key - think carefully about where you are going and how you will be able to keep your distance from others. Keep in mind the purpose of the regulations and the national effort to protect the NHS and save lives.

"Our overall aim is to continue to encourage and support our communities to comply fully with the restrictions.

"Officers do not want to use their enforcement powers if they don't have to, but its right that they're able to take action against those who disregard the remaining restrictions and in doing so, put people at risk.

"Officers are also working hard to keep us all safe from the full range of crimes in what remain challenging circumstances so we would ask everyone to work with us and remember that if you need our help we are here for you."

Julie Lane, Chief Nurse and Director of Patient Safety and Quality at North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust added: "This simply is not over yet. We can ill afford to become complacent after all the hard work to date.

"We all miss our loved ones, we are living through exceptional times, and we recognise the pressures the restrictions bring. If we could just ask our communities across the Tees Valley to adhere to the guidelines, we can start to recover as a society."
