```yaml
area: Cleveland
og:
  description: Our charity is offering a reward of up to &#163;10,000 for information on the murder of Donna Keogh.
  image: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Crimestoppers release: &#163;10,000 Reward for Information on the Murder of Donna Keogh'
  type: website
  url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/crimestoppers-release-10000-reward-for-information-on-the-murder-of-donna-keogh3/
title: 'Crimestoppers release: &#163;10,000 Reward for Information on the Murder of Donna Keogh | Cleveland Police'
url: https://www.cleveland.police.uk/news/cleveland/news/2020/december/crimestoppers-release-10000-reward-for-information-on-the-murder-of-donna-keogh3/
```

12:37 18/12/2020

Our charity is offering a reward of up to £10,000 for information on the murder of Donna Keogh, who went missing from Middlesbrough, Cleveland, in 1998.

Donna was aged just 17 when she disappeared. She was 5 foot, 2 inches tall with a slight build and had a young appearance. One of the last confirmed sightings of Donna was in April 1998 at a house party in the town.

Cleveland Police is treating her disappearance as a murder investigation. Donna's body has never been found. It would have been her 40th Birthday on 29 November this year.

***Crimestoppers is supporting the investigation by offering a reward of up to £10,000 for information our charity exclusively receives - via our website or by phoning freephone 0800 555 111 - that leads to finding Donna's body and the conviction of the person or people responsible for her murder***

Ruth McNee, Regional Manager for the North East, said: "Donna's parents are desperate to know what happened to their much-loved child and time is not making this torment any easier. We are appealing to anyone with information to do the right thing and to speak to our charity 100% anonymously. You can make all of the difference in getting justice for Donna and her family and you may stop somebody else from being harmed.

"We hope that allegiances have changed over the years and somebody is now ready to speak about what they know. We believe that answers lie in the local community. No information is too small to tell our charity anonymously and you may be eligible for a reward.

"Please remember that Crimestoppers, as an independent charity, keeps its promise of 100% anonymity to more than a thousand people who trust us with their crime information every single day.

"Share what you know by calling our UK Contact Centre on freephone 0800 555 111, which is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week or use our website's simple and secure anonymous online form. No one will ever know you contacted us. We cannot trace your call or track your IP address and we never ask for or record any personal information."

**Note: Information passed directly to police will not qualify. The reward will only qualify for information passed to Crimestoppers' 0800 555 111 number or via our untraceable anonymous online form***
