```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: There has been a gradual increase from 382 burglaries in May 2020 to 395 in June, 410 in July and 443 in August.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crime prevention reminder after rise in residential burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2009/crime-prevention-reminder-after-rise-in-residential-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 09:41 17/09/2020
title: Crime prevention reminder after rise in residential burglaries | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2009/crime-prevention-reminder-after-rise-in-residential-burglaries/
```

Kent Police is reminding everyone to keep their homes secure and protect their belongings from opportunistic burglars.

With more people returning to their place of work in recent weeks, it has become even more important to ensure windows and doors are locked and other measures are taken to ensure criminals are not allowed to help themselves to items that do not belong to them.

While the number of residential burglaries recorded in Kent has not yet returned to pre-lockdown levels, there has been a gradual increase from 382 in May 2020 to 395 in June, 410 in July and 443 in August.

There were 592 recorded in February 2020, the last full month before the lockdown began.

Detective Chief Inspector Lopa McDermott of the Chief Constable's Crime Squad said:

'One of the silver linings of more people being at home during the pandemic has been a reduction in the number of burglaries recorded and therefore fewer families whose lives have been torn apart due to a criminal breaking into their home.

'What nobody wants now is for complacency to creep in, as burglars are always on the lookout for an open window, an unlocked door or expensive items left on display.

'Burglary is a terrible crime that can have a hugely detrimental effect on victims, and we at Kent Police use every tool at our disposal to identify those responsible and bring them to justice. We encourage everyone else to play their part and take personal responsibility for ensuring their homes are as secure as possible.'

## Advice

Here are some useful tips to help protect your home from burglars:

 * close and lock all your doors and windows, even if you're only going out for a few minutes
 * make sure any valuables are out of sight
 * keep handbags away from the letterbox or cat flap and hide all keys including car keys, as a thief could hook keys or valuables through even a small opening
 * never leave car documents or ID in obvious places such as kitchens or hallways
 * in the evening, shut the curtains and leave some lights on when leaving the home
 * if you are out all day, then it is advisable to use a timer device to automatically turn lights and a radio on at night.

View further burglary prevention advice.
