```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Court results from Dartford, Gravesham, Medway and Swale
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: North Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/jsjd/north-kent/
publish:
  date: 11:13 24/03/2021
title: North Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/jsjd/north-kent/
```

## Gravesend driver receives disqualification

Vlastamil Mizigar, aged 29, of Suffolk Road, Gravesend, was sentenced on 18 March 2021 at Margate Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle without a license, driving without insurance and failing to provide a specimen for analysis, on 24 January 2021, in Margate.

He was disqualified from driving for 36 months and fined £240\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £95 and costs of £85.

##

## Drink driver receives disqualification and fine

Rebecca Hammond, aged 40, of Gourock Road, London, was sentenced on 8 March 2021 at Sevenoaks Magistrates' Court.

She pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle while above the legal drink drive limit, in Wilmington, on 21 August 2020. When stopped she gave a breath test reading of 167 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35 microgrammes.

She was disqualified from driving for 18 months and fined £620\. She was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £62 and £85 of costs.

##

## Man disqualified for drink driving in Gravesend

Daniel Hammond, aged 25, of Woolwich, London, was sentenced on 10 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving without insurance and driving a motor vehicle above the legal drink drive limit, in Gravesend, on 8 November 2020. When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 107 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.

He was disqualified from driving for 24 months and fined £600\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £60 and £85 of costs.

##

## Man receives prison sentence for Dartford beating

Ricky Knapp, aged 39, of Kestrel Close, Edenbridge, was sentenced on 10 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

He was convicted by Magistrates for assault by beating in Dartford on 7 January 2020.

He was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison suspended for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay £100 and pay costs of £620.

##

## North Kent man receives driving ban and £800 fine

Gurpreet Singh, aged 32, of Brook Road, Northfleet, was sentenced on 8 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to failing to stop after a road accident and driving a motor vehicle when above the legal drink drive limit, in Gravesend, on 27 June 2020. When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 82 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.

He was disqualified from driving for 20 months and fined a total of £800\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £80 and £85 of costs.

##

## Chatham driver receives prison sentence and disqualification

Olufemi Fawehinmi, aged 37, of Palmerston Road, Chatham, was sentenced on 16 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving while disqualified, obstructing a constable in execution of duty, speeding above 70mph on a dual carriageway and driving without insurance, in Gravesend, on 18 October 2020.

He was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months, and disqualified from driving for 23 months. He was also ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work within the next 12 months and pay a surcharge of £128 and costs of £85.

##

## Burham man receives prison sentence

Jason Tannerhill, aged 50, of St Marys Walk, Burham, was sentenced on 10 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving while disqualified, using a motor vehicle without insurance and driving without a valid test certificate, on Chapman Way, West Malling, on 28 March 2020. He also pleaded guilty to driving while disqualified and without insurance on 12 August 2020 in Burham, Rochester.

He was sentenced to prison for three months to be served consecutively with a previous offence bringing his total sentence to six months. He was also disqualified from driving for six months and ordered to pay a surcharge of £122.

##

## Dartford drink driver receives prison sentence

Norman Winterman, aged 45, of Shenley Road, Dartford, was sentenced on 10 March 2021 at Sevenoaks Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle above the legal drink drive limit, in Crockenhill Lane, Eynsford, on 20 September 2020. When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 120 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.

He was sentenced to prison for 56 days, suspended for 12 months, and disqualified from driving for 30 months. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £128 and £85 of costs.
