```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The offender was arrested following a warrant at his home in in December 2020.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer who supplied Dartford and Gravesend jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/county-line-drug-dealer-from-greenwich--jailed/
publish:
  date: 08:32 06/03/2021
title: Drug dealer who supplied Dartford and Gravesend jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/county-line-drug-dealer-from-greenwich--jailed/
```

A void cut inside a hallway cupboard was used to hide class A drugs which belonged to a leader of a county line drugs network.

**Billy George** was arrested by officers from Kent Police after they executed a drugs warrant at his address in **Greenwich**.

The 28-year-old, of Flintmill Crescent, admitted possessing heroin, cocaine and crack cocaine with intent to supply, as well as handling stolen goods and possessing cannabis.

He was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday 5 March 2021 to three years and four months' imprisonment.

Body worn video footage of officers carrying out the warrant.

George was arrested on **9 December 2020** as part of an ongoing investigation into the county line drug network, known as the 'H' line.

During the search of his property officers found 50 wraps made up of heroin and cocaine inside his bedroom.

Crack cocaine, another 50 wraps of heroin, weighing scales and notes with telephone numbers were also found hidden inside a void in a hallway cupboard.

In this void officers also found a set of car keys which belonged to a Toyota Yaris which was parked nearby.

Enquiries revealed the car was on false plates and had been reported stolen from **St Martin 's Road**, **Dartford** , on **7 October**.

Cannabis, a large quantity of cash and two mobile phones were also seized from the property, with one of the phones receiving text messages connected to drug deals which were seen by officers while George was in custody.

The warrant was executed as part of an ongoing investigation into the supply of class A drugs into **Dartford** and **Gravesend** , and George was believed to run the network which would supply the drugs into the towns.

Body worn video of officers seizing drugs at Billy George's home.

Investigating officer PC Michael Kiernan said: 'George was a key player in the 'H' line and our enquiries led us straight to his front door. He went to great lengths to hide a lot of the drugs and paraphernalia by cutting a void in a cupboard and hiding the items, along with the stolen car keys.

'Drugs not only destroy the lives of the user, but their friends and families are also affected by them and we will not tolerate this criminality in the towns. We will continue to work hard to tackle and disrupt the supply of drugs coming into north Kent and Medway.'
