```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Officers are continuing to police beauty spots and parks following recent concerns around issues including littering, as well as drug and alcohol misuse. Patrols are continuing to attend locations including Knole Park, Chipstead Lake and other popular areas.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Additional patrols in Sevenoaks district to tackle anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/additional-patrols-in-sevenoaks-district-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour/
publish:
  date: 10:32 15/07/2020
title: Additional patrols in Sevenoaks district to tackle anti-social behaviour | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/additional-patrols-in-sevenoaks-district-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour/
```

Additional patrols are continuing to police beauty spots and parks in the **Sevenoaks** district following recent concerns around anti-social behaviour.

Issues including littering, as well as drug and alcohol misuse are being tackled by officers at locations including **Knole Park, Chipstead Lake** and other popular areas.

Reports of anti-social behaviour in outdoors spaces typically increase during the summer months, when people often gather in large groups.

To reduce and deter problems, enhanced visible patrols are continuing to attend several locations which also include **The Vine** in Sevenoaks, **Swanley Park** , as well as areas frequented by visitors in **Eynsford.**

## **Striking a balance**

Inspector Mark Stubberfield, of the Sevenoaks Community Safety Unit, said: 'Our officers are working hard to strike a balance between allowing people to enjoy themselves, but intervening when their actions may make an area frightening or unpleasant to be in.

'We never underestimate the impact anti-social behaviour can have on people's lives, and we are always working closely with landowners and our partner agencies to identify and respond to any concerns.'

## Dispersal

Recent enforcement has included the implementation of a 48-hour dispersal order at Chipstead Lake.

It was put in place between **26 and 28 June** to deal with a significant rise in anti-social behaviour which led to a number of areas being blighted by littering.

The dispersal order and measures introduced by the landowner have since led to a sharp decrease in reported issues.

Insp Stubberfield added: 'Alcohol is often a contributing factor to complaints of anti-social behaviour and I would like to reassure residents that officers will not hesitate to confiscate drink from anyone if they cannot prove they are old enough, or if they are acting irresponsibly or selfishly.

'We also ask that neighbours, as well as parents and guardians, continue to work with us and report any incidents as it helps us to identify any growing issues and ensure we respond appropriately and effectively.'

## Report anti-social behaviour

Report anti-social behaviour either online, or by calling 101.
