```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Two people who had to be rescued by emergency services after travelling from London to go for a walk and getting stuck in mud were among those fined for breaching Coronavirus regulations this weekend.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Off-road bikers among over 100 fined this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/off-road-bikers-among-over-100-fined-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 11:14 02/03/2021
title: Off-road bikers among over 100 fined this weekend | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/off-road-bikers-among-over-100-fined-this-weekend/
```

Two people who had to be rescued by emergency services after travelling from London to go for a walk and getting stuck in mud were among those fined for breaching Coronavirus regulations this weekend.

Between **Friday, 26 February and Monday, 1 March 2021** officers issued 107 fines to those found to be breaching Covid-19 restrictions in Kent. The total number of fines issued since March 2020 now stands at 2,165.

Officers were called to Jetty Road, Sheerness at 2pm on Sunday, 28 February following a report of concern for a couple who were stuck in the mud. Emergency services were called to the location and the pair were rescued. The 23 year old woman and 30 year old man were both from London and had travelled to the location to go for a walk. They were both fined.

Couple fined for breaching Coronavirus regulations in Warden Bay, Sheerness.

A woman who was found to be hiring out off-road bikes was fined after officers were called to a field adjacent to the Clover Leaf Roundabout in Ashford at around 4pm on Sunday. 17 people were present on the site when police arrived and the tenant, who was running the location as a business, was issued with a fine.

Officers issued fines after erratic driving resulted in two vehicles being stopped on the A2070, Brenzett at around 3.30pm on Sunday. The two cars were travelling in convoy and driving at speed when they were stopped. The occupants explained to officers they had come from outside the area to go to the beach. Four people were issued with fines for making a non-essential journey.

Across the county a number of people were issued with fines after being stopped whilst riding off-road motorcycles. Fines were issued to:

 * Two off-road motorcyclists in Bell Lane, Maidstone.
 * A man in North Dane Way, Lordswood.
 * Two riders in Westfield Sole Road, Lidsing.
 * A man from Pilgrims Way, Harrietsham.
 * Two men and two women in Eitchinghill.
 * Five men in Port Victoria Road, Isle of Grain.

Two off-road motorcyclists were fined for breaching Coronavirus regulations in Lidsing on Sunday, 28 February 2021.

Assistant Chief Constable Claire Nix said: 'Whilst a roadmap out of lockdown has been announced we are not yet at the stage where it has been lifted and to achieve the final goal of some normality by 21 June it is important that everyone plays their part and continues to follow the rules. This means for the time being, no mixing between households, no parties, refraining from non-essential travel and staying local.

'With new variants of Coronavirus being detected it is crucial that we continue to adhere to the regulations so we can come out the other side of lockdown without unnecessary loss of life.

'Whilst it is encouraging that the infection and death rate is falling, people are still getting ill and sadly losing their lives. So please do the right thing as by following the regulations, you are protecting some of the most vulnerable in our community.

'We are all looking forward to the end of restrictions, but we are not quite there yet. I would ask people to think carefully about each journey they make and the actions they take as, if we all play our part, we can enjoy the summer with our family and friends that we are all looking forward to.'
