```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Allen Mulcahy befriended his victim in Maidstone before stealing his watch following a violent assault.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for Maidstone robber who stole watch after befriending victim
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/jail-for-maidstone-robber-who-stole-watch-after-befriending-victim/
publish:
  date: 12:00 01/02/2021
title: Jail for Maidstone robber who stole watch after befriending victim | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/jail-for-maidstone-robber-who-stole-watch-after-befriending-victim/
```

A violent robber who befriended a victim in **Maidstone** before stealing his watch has been jailed.

At around **8.20pm** on **2 June 2020** , **Allen Mulcahy** (photograph) and **Jack O 'Reilly** approached a man in his 50s, who was sitting in Brenchley Gardens.

The latter did not know them but, after chatting for around twenty minutes, the three of them walked together in the direction of the River Medway.

## Assault

They walked through the town centre and, on reaching the grounds of **All Saints Church** near **Mill Street** , O'Reilly grabbed the victim by the throat and threw him to the ground.

This caused the victim's femur to fracture and, as he was laying on the ground, Mulcahy approached him and threatened to cut his throat if he did not hand over his watch.

The victim, who feared for his life, gave the watch to Mulcahy who then left the scene with O'Reilly. After alerting the police the victim was taken to hospital for medical attention.

## Arrests

Following a number of enquiries, Mulcahy of Maidstone Road, Chatham and O'Reilly, of Loose Road, Maidstone were arrested at their home addresses on 22 June. Officers searching Mulcahy's house seized a quantity of shotgun cartridges and some cannabis.

Mulcahy, aged 29, was later charged with robbery, possessing ammunition for a firearm when prohibited for life and possession of cannabis. O'Reilly, aged 30, was subsequently indicted for inflicting grievous bodily harm.

Both men pleaded guilty and at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday 29 January 2021, Mulcahy was jailed for three years and seven months. O'Reilly was sentenced to a community order for two years, a curfew order with an electronic tag for four months and will be required to complete 140 hours of unpaid work.

Investigating officer, PC Alex Peacock of the Chief Constable's Crime Squad said: 'This was a violent attack on an unsuspecting victim that left him seriously injured on the ground.
'The two men showed no concern for their victim and it is only right that Mulcahy is now starting a prison sentence.'
