```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A Folkestone drug dealer who was caught with illegal substances three times in just over a year has been jailed.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five-year sentence for Folkestone drug dealer
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/five-year-sentence-for-folkestone-drug-dealer/
publish:
  date: 16:33 11/01/2021
title: Five-year sentence for Folkestone drug dealer | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/five-year-sentence-for-folkestone-drug-dealer/
```

Drug dealer John Andrew, pictured, has been jailed

A **Folkestone** drug dealer who was caught with illegal substances three times in just over a year has been jailed.

**John Andrew** was found with LSD, MDMA, heroin, cocaine and cannabis following work by officers from the town's Community Safety Unit.

The 43-year-old admitted possession of class A, class B and class C drugs with intent to supply at Canterbury Crown Court and was jailed for five years on Friday 8 January 2021.

## Warrant

Kent Police officers carried out a warrant at a property in **Harbour Way** in **May 2019** and found amphetamine and cannabis as well as drug dealing equipment at the property.

Andrew was present and was arrested on suspicion of drug dealing before being released while enquiries into his activities continued.

Police visited the property again in **September 2019** and Andrew was again present. He was searched and heroin and cocaine was found on him. MDMA, LSD, amphetamine and cannabis were also found in the property.

## Charges

Andrew was charged with nine counts of possession of drugs with intent to supply in May 2020 but was caught with drugs again before he appeared in court.

In **June 2020** , he was stopped by officers on patrol after being seen acting suspiciously in **Dover Road, Folkestone**. He was again found to be carrying amphetamine, leading to a further charge.

PC Katie Garcia, of the Folkestone Community Safety Unit, said: 'Andrew's repeated possession of a range of drugs, even after he was charged, shows he was determined to keep dealing and profit from the misery of others.

'This case highlights the importance of residents proactively coming forward with information that supports police in prosecuting drug dealers and I would like to thank everyone who helped our work.

'The five-year sentence handed down by the court shows that considerable prison terms await drug dealers and I hope it will act as a warning to anyone else tempted to get involved.'
