```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Four arrested in connection with the thefts of 11 vehicles, from outside homes in Tunbridge Wells, Tonbridge, Sevenoaks and Maidstone.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning after spate of Land Rover thefts across west Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-to-drivers-after-spate-of-land-rover-thefts-across-west-kent/
publish:
  date: 15:26 01/10/2020
title: Warning after spate of Land Rover thefts across west Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-to-drivers-after-spate-of-land-rover-thefts-across-west-kent/
```

Motorists in west Kent are reminded to be vigilant following a spate of Land Rover thefts from outside homes.

Since the beginning of **July 2020** at least 11 Land Rovers have been reported stolen from areas including **Tunbridge Wells, Tonbridge, Sevenoaks** and **Maidstone.**

In some instances, vehicles fitted with keyless entry systems have been targeted.

Criminals using specialist tools are sometimes able to clone a fob's signal and relay it to another device, allowing them to enter and start the vehicle.

## Arrests

Detectives are treating the offences as linked and an investigation has currently led to the arrests of four suspects.

Four of the stolen vehicles have also been recovered.

Detective Constable Mark Beeching, of West Kent CID, said: 'Thieves are sometimes also able to fool security systems for keyless entry vehicles. To prevent this we would recommend owners check if their entry fobs can be turned off overnight and to also store them away from any household entry points.

'Drivers can also store their fobs in special bags, which can be bought from retailers, to prevent any unwanted communication between the vehicle and its keys. If you are unsure contact your vehicle manufacturer or local dealer for advice.'

## Further advice:

Consider investing in CCTV and sensors which alert you when someone walks near your vehicle or enters the driveway.

Use a steering wheel lock.

Lock all doors and close the windows whenever you leave the vehicle.

Make sure you don't leave your car keys visible from the outside of your home.

Park in a garage, secure car park or well lit area if possible.

Consider having windows etched with the vehicle registration number or use an invisible ink marker pen to mark these details and your postcode on the underside frame of the vehicle.

Make a note of the chassis number.
