```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Officers are speaking to motorists and pedestrians as part of their investigation into a sexual assault in Sevenoaks.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal after sexual assault in Sevenoaks
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/renewed-appeal-after-sexual-assault-in-sevenoaks/
publish:
  date: 15:58 30/09/2020
title: Renewed appeal after sexual assault in Sevenoaks | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/renewed-appeal-after-sexual-assault-in-sevenoaks/
```

Detectives investigating an alleged sexual assault in **Sevenoaks** are carrying out roadside checks of vehicles as they continue to appeal for witnesses.

Officers have been speaking to motorists and pedestrians in the town as part of their enquiries into an incident which took place last week.

It is reported that at around midday on **Wednesday 23 September 2020** , a woman was walking along **Bradbourne Vale Road** when a man asked if she could assist him with a child who was ill.

The woman accompanied the man into **St John's Road** , where a white van was parked with an open side door.

The van is described as having a silver coloured tarnished roof rack.

## Pushed

It is alleged the suspect pushed the woman into the rear of the vehicle before climbing in, closing the door and committing an indecent act in front of her.

The victim ran from the scene after he then opened the door.

The suspect is described as being white, aged in his mid 40s and was around 5 feet 8 inches tall, of stocky build, with receding shaved hair and stubble.

He was wearing a green and blue T-shirt with a black emblem on the front, baggy faded jeans with a hole in one of the knees, and trainers.

## Roadside checks

Detective Inspector Matt Burdekin, of the Tonbridge Vulnerability Investigation Team, said: 'We are continuing to appeal to anyone who may recognise the man pictured in the computer generated image to contact us.

'We would also like to hear from anybody who was in the area at the time of the incident who has not yet spoken to the police, as well as motorists who may have been driving through this part of Sevenoaks with dashcam footage which may assist our investigation.'

Anybody with information should call Kent Police on **01622 604100** quoting crime reference 46/170718/20.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111 or using the anonymous online form.
