```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Alex Charlesworth has been jailed for more than three years after persistently downloading illegal images of children.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tonbridge sex offender jailed for downloading indecent images
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/tonbridge-sex-offender-jailed-for-downloading-indecent-images/
publish:
  date: 12:48 05/03/2021
title: Tonbridge sex offender jailed for downloading indecent images | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/tonbridge-sex-offender-jailed-for-downloading-indecent-images/
```

A registered sex offender from **Tonbridge** has been jailed for more than three years after persistently downloading indecent images of children

**Alex Charlesworth** was subject to unannounced visits by police who had the power to inspect his phone and other computer devices, in accordance with the terms of a Sexual Offences Prevention Order.

On **12 August 2019** , Kent Police staff attended his Hectorage Road home and Charlesworth stated he had mislaid his mobile phone.

When they rang the number the phone sounded from underneath a chair and was seized.

When examined it was found to contain seven indecent images of children, of which one was in the most serious category.

## Relentless offending

Two further unannounced visits took place later that year and led to the seizure of a tablet and a new phone that contained a total of 153 illegal images, of which five were classified as being in the most serious category.

Charlesworth, of Hectorage Road, Tonbridge, was arrested on 21 February 2020 and bailed as officers sought to build a successful case.

During this time he carried on offending and a further inspection on 24 September 2020 led to the discovery of even more illegal images, this time on another phone.

The 39-year-old was arrested again and appeared before Maidstone Crown Court, where he pleaded guilty to six counts of making indecent images of a child.

On Thursday 4 March 2021, Charlesworth was sentenced to three years and five months in prison.

He will also be subject to an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

## Appalling abuse

Detective Inspector Paul Raines said 'Charlesworth is a repeat offender who was given every opportunity to engage in rehabilitation, whilst being subject to strict court conditions to deter his ability to access illegal images of children. 'In spite of this, he has been unable to stop offending and remains determined to access images of children suffering appalling abuse. He must now face the consequences with a prison sentence.'
