```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Robbery investigators are appealing for information following a report a man attempted to rob a couple of their car in Margate.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after attempted robbery in Margate
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2008/appeal-after-attempted-robbery-in-margate/
publish:
  date: 14:56 03/08/2020
title: Appeal after attempted robbery in Margate | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2008/appeal-after-attempted-robbery-in-margate/
```

Robbery investigators are appealing for information following a report a man attempted to rob a couple of their car in **Margate**.

The incident took place in **Shottendane Road** , about half a mile away from the fork with Manston Road, at around **11.55am** on **Sunday 2 August 2020**.

It is reported the driver of the vehicle stopped to assist a man who appeared to be calling for assistance but, upon stopping, a struggle between the driver, the passenger and the suspect took place. The altercation ended when members of the public came to their assistance.

The car, a silver Renault Scenic, was not stolen and both of its occupants sustained injuries that have not been described as serious.

Kent Police officers attended the scene and at midday arrested a 37-year-old man, of no fixed address, in connection with the incident.

As part of ongoing enquiries, they are investigating a second allegation that he assaulted a person working in a nearby field, beside Shottendane Road, at around **11.50am**. No serious injuries have been reported as a result of the incident.

During each of the incidents, he is reported to have been in possession of a metal pole that was around 3ft long.

British Transport Police are also investigating separate allegations that the man was involved in a disturbance on the railway line between Broadstairs and Margate earlier in the morning.

Detective Inspector Julien Lawton, from Kent Police, said: 'We would like to speak to anyone with information, including motorists who may captured on their dash cameras a man walking in Shottendane Road while carrying the pole.

'We would also like to speak with anyone who has privately held CCTV that covers the area and any witnesses that are yet to make contact.

Anyone with information is asked to call Kent Police on 01843 222289 quoting 46/134053/20.

You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or complete the online form.
