```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Chief Constable Alan Pughsley will continue to lead Kent Police until January 2025.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police &amp; Crime Commissioner extends Chief Constable of Kent Police contract
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/police-crime-commissioner-extends-chief-constable-of-kent-police-contract/
publish:
  date: 14:15 28/08/2020
title: Police &amp; Crime Commissioner extends Chief Constable of Kent Police contract | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/police-crime-commissioner-extends-chief-constable-of-kent-police-contract/
```

Kent Police & Crime Commissioner Matthew Scott (left) with Chief Constable Alan Pughsley

The Chief Constable of Kent Police Alan Pughsley QPM has accepted an extension to his contract from the Kent Police and Crime Commissioner Matthew Scott.

It means Chief Constable Pughsley will continue to lead Kent Police until January 2025.

The PCC Mr Scott and Mr Pughsley signed the extension this month.

Mr Scott said: 'Over the past four years, we have worked together to make Kent a safer place to live, work and visit.

'This has included restoring police numbers to a higher level than there were in 2010, the falls in crime and anti-social behaviour prior to the lockdown and the focus on dealing with the issues that matter to local residents, such as visible policing, burglary, violence and gangs.

'In this period, Kent Police has continued to improve in its independently assessed policing inspections - with more 'outstanding' gradings than any other force.

'There remain some challenges that will need to be addressed in the coming years, which I will continue to scrutinise and challenge where necessary, such as recruiting more officers, delivering the headquarters and workforce transformation plan and continuing to support all of our urban, rural and coastal neighbourhoods.'

Mr Pughsley became Chief Constable in January 2014 and PCC Mr Scott extended his appointment in 2016 for three years to January 2022.

During his leadership, Kent Police has become the only force in the country to be graded as 'outstanding' for the way it treats people by the independent policing inspectorate for four years in a row.

It also continues to embark on its biggest-ever recruitment drive, supported by Mr Scott raising the Council Tax precept in 2020/21, which will see Kent Police have 3,813 officers by March 2021.

Mr Pughsley said: 'I am incredibly pleased to be offered the privilege to continue to serve as the Chief Constable of this outstanding force.

'The delivery by my officers, staff and volunteers over a sustained period of time is nothing short of exemplary and I very much look forward to being able to continue our work together.

'I am very pleased to accept the extension offered by the PCC, and I look forward to working closely with him to continue to deliver an outstanding service to those who live in, work in and visit Kent.'
