```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Jail sentences totalling more than 25 years have been secured in November by officers from the County Line and Gang Team.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More prison sentences secured in county lines crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/more-prison-sentences-secured-in-county-lines-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 16:45 10/12/2020
title: More prison sentences secured in county lines crackdown | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/more-prison-sentences-secured-in-county-lines-crackdown/
```

Prison sentences totalling more than 25 years have been secured in **November** by officers from the County Line and Gang Team.

Throughout the same month, investigations have also led to the arrests of 20 suspects and resulted in 28 new charges, during ongoing enforcement to proactively target criminals who travel into Kent to supply Class A drugs.

Among those jailed was **Teniola Olanipekun** , a 27-year-old drug dealer from Peckham who controlled a county line into **Folkestone**.

He received a two-and-a-half-year prison sentence after he was found inside a Folkestone property in possession of a burner style phone, used to coordinate the supply of heroin and crack cocaine.

**Leon Davis** , aged 22, of Maran Way, Erith, London was also sentenced, receiving six years imprisonment after evidence showed he had been supplying Class A drugs into areas of **Margate.**

## **County wide enforcement**

Proactive patrols, both uniformed and in plain clothes, continue to identify and arrest suspects in locations across Kent, which also include areas of **Maidstone, Medway** and **Swale**.

Among those stopped last month was 19-year-old **Imad Talbi** , who is alleged to have travelled from Clapton, London to supply drugs into **Chatham**.

On 12 November, he was charged in connection with the supply of heroin and crack cocaine and is currently remanded in custody awaiting trial.

Similar enforcement action has been taken against **Arlind Naboli** , aged 25 from north London, who is charged with possessing cocaine and cannabis with intent to supply after a suspicious vehicle was stopped in **Maidstone.**

He is currently also remanded, pending a hearing at Maidstone Crown Court on 21 December.

Arrests by County Line and Gang Team officers at a property in Chatham, during November.

## Search warrants

As well as targeted stop and search and vehicle checks, the County Line and Gang Team also gathers intelligence on identified supply chains, which can lead to the search of homes and properties linked to suspects.

**Leon Wilson** , aged 36, was arrested on **25 November** after a search warrant was executed at an address in **Grove Road, Maidstone** , where cash and drugs were seized.

He was later charged with a number of offences linked to drugs supply and is currently remanded, pending a hearing at Maidstone Crown Court on 23 December.

On **13 November** , a search of a property in **Bartley Mill Road, Lamberhurst,** led to the discovery of drugs with an estimated street value of up to £8,000.

**Cosmo Budd** , aged 23, was arrested along with **Hussain Alwari** , aged 25. They were charged with possessing cocaine with intent to supply and with being concerned in the supply of cocaine.

Both men are remanded in custody and will next appear at Maidstone Crown Court on 14 December.

## Extensive knowledge

DCI Matt Talboys said: 'There will be no let-up in our relentless determination to identify, arrest and prosecute those who seek to exploit some of the most vulnerable people in our communities. 'County lines drug supply can have a devasting effect, not only to those who dealers target with heroin and crack cocaine, but also children and vulnerable adults who are used to convey drugs and money and are subject to coercion, intimidation and violence. 'I would like to reassure residents that our intelligence around these corrosive supply chains grows with every line we dismantle and every arrest we make. Our officers have extensive knowledge of known users and also the criminals who attempt to operate within our towns.'
