```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "The offenders were jailed following investigations by the Chief Constable\u2019s Crime Squad, with judges passing custodial sentences that totalled 36 years and four months."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglars and robbers jailed for over 35 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2008/burglars-and-robbers-jailed-for-over-35-years/
publish:
  date: 10:04 09/08/2020
title: Burglars and robbers jailed for over 35 years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2008/burglars-and-robbers-jailed-for-over-35-years/
```

The team's results for July 2020.

Saliva on a discarded straw, incriminating footprints and CCTV from a fast food restaurant helped a Kent Police team secure more than 35 years in prison sentences across **July 2020**.

The offenders were jailed following investigations by the Chief Constable's Crime Squad, with judges passing custodial sentences that totalled 36 years and four months.

Over the same time period, the team received authority to charge suspects with 55 new offences and made 18 arrests.

Detective Chief Inspector Lopa McDermott, who leads the team, said: 'Behind each of our cases is a victim who has been targeted by an offender who made a conscious decision to steal from them.

'The odds of becoming a victim to this type of crime are low but we do not underestimate the toll this can have on an affected person. My team will always do everything in their power to secure justice and I am exceptionally pleased to see numerous offenders and victims have received just that.

'What is even more pleasing is that we've also been able to reunite victims with property, some of which was of high sentimental value. This includes Beatles memorabilia, a Rolex watch and a high value car.'

## Thieves jailed

The Crime Squad is a team of detectives and uniformed officers who primarily investigate burglaries and robberies.

Among those jailed last month was a thief who stole cash and gift cards from shops across **Rochester** and **Folkestone**. DNA, which included saliva found on a drinks carton he took from a store's fridge, linked him to each of the offences and he was jailed for three years.

A burglar who attempted to sell a stolen Rolex watch to a pawn shop was also jailed for four and a half years. Upon being arrested, officers noticed shoes he owned matched footprints found at another crime scene. He admitted several burglaries across **Canterbur** y, **Broadstairs** and **Margate** , in which Beatles memorabilia and a luxury handbag were stolen.

In Medway, three men who falsely accused a man of being a paedophile were jailed for a combined total of eight and a half years. Each of the offenders were captured on CCTV inside a **Chatham** fast food restaurant humiliating the victim in front of the public. They only stopped the harassment after they coerced the victim into handing over money.

Additionally, a thief who committed a series of burglaries across **Gillingham** was jailed for three years and four months. He was detained following a pursuit across north Kent and south London after officers caught him driving away from a burglary in a stolen car. The vehicle has since been returned to the victim.

In West Kent, a burglar who used a hammer to break into an **East Malling** newsagent before stealing a large number of cigarettes was jailed for 16 months.

## Suspects in custody

Although many cases concluded in July, important charges were also authorised ahead of upcoming court proceedings.

Among them is a woman who is accused of 12 fraud offences which are reported to have taken place across **Rochester** and **Sittingbourne**. The charges include allegations she posed as a fundraiser and altered charitable cheques before paying them into her personal bank account. She is due to appear in court later this month.

An alleged burglar has also been remanded in custody having been charged with five shop burglaries committed across **Tonbridge** , **Kemsing** and **Ashford**. He is next due to appear before Maidstone Crown Court in mid-August.

And in East Kent, a man accused of stealing jewellery and antiques from homes in **Deal** and **Sandwich** has been charged with two burglaries. He has been remanded in custody ahead of a hearing at Canterbury Crown Court in late August.

DCI McDermott added: 'As our new charges show, we are not resting on our past success and are continuing to target the very small minority of people who think it appropriate to steal, either through violence or break-ins.'
