```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: An image showing injuries caused to an elderly woman has been issued by detectives investigating a violent burglary in Paddock Wood. Photos have also been released of jewellery stolen.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal after violent Paddock Wood burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/renewed-appeal-after-pensioner-assaulted-in-paddock-wood-burglary/
publish:
  date: 17:47 09/09/2020
title: Renewed appeal after violent Paddock Wood burglary | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/renewed-appeal-after-pensioner-assaulted-in-paddock-wood-burglary/
```

An image showing injuries caused to an elderly woman during a violent burglary in **Paddock Wood** has been issued by detectives as part of a renewed appeal for information.

Photos have also been released of jewellery stolen during the break-in, which happened after two men forced their way into a property in **Chantler 's Hill.**

The suspects were wearing balaclavas and entered the address at around **8.30pm** on **Wednesday 2 September 2020** , after breaking glass in the patio doors.

## Violent assault

A woman aged in her 80s suffered a facial injury after she was assaulted with the barrel of what was described as an antique firearm. A man aged in his 70s was also pushed to the floor.

Jewellery was stolen from their bedroom and money was also taken from the woman's purse, before the men left the scene.

Police and ambulance crews attended and the victims were taken to hospital as a precaution and later discharged.

An investigation is being led by the Chief Constable's Crime Squad and detectives are continuing to urge anyone who may have seen anything suspicious to contact them.

One of the suspects was described as having a large build and was around 6ft tall and the other was shorter and slimmer.

## Cowardly

Detective Constable Dave Evans said: 'This was a cowardly assault on two elderly and vulnerable victims who have had to endure a truly terrifying ordeal. There can simply be no justification for this level of violence and if these men had even a shred of decency, they would hand themselves in.

'In the meantime, I can assure residents we are using all the resources at our disposal to track the culprits down and bring them to justice. You can also help; if you saw anything suspicious or have information which may assist our investigation, please don't hesitate to contact us. Even the smallest detail could prove vital.'

Drivers in and around the area are also asked to check dash cams and residents with CCTV or doorbell cameras are asked to review any footage which may assist enquiries.

If you can help call **01622 604100** quoting reference 46/156914/20.

You can also contact Kent Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111, or by using the online online form.
