```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Investigating officers are seeking information following a report of a distraction burglary in Walderslade.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Information sought after Walderslade distraction burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2003/information-sought-after-walderslade-distraction-burglary/
publish:
  date: 10:17 05/03/2020
title: Information sought after Walderslade distraction burglary | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2003/information-sought-after-walderslade-distraction-burglary/
```

Investigating officers are seeking information following a report of a distraction burglary in **Walderslade**.

At around **11.45am** on **Tuesday 3 March 2020** a man knocked on the door of an address in **Chestnut Avenue** and told the elderly resident he needed work carried out on his roof to repair the tiles.

Another man was at the rear of the property with a ladder and had climbed on to the victim's roof. The first man told the victim he had to pay for the work and he followed the victim inside the property.

It is alleged the man then took a quantity of cash from the victim's wallet before both suspects left the address.

## Can you help?

Officers investigating the incident are urging anyone with information to come forward.

Police Constable Lauren Evans of Medway CID said: 'We would like to appeal to anyone in the area who may have seen two men acting suspiciously. These men appear to have deliberately targeted a vulnerable victim under the guise of repairing his property.

'We would particularly like to hear from anyone who may have private CCTV from that road or any drivers who were in the area and may have dashcam footage between 11am and 2pm.

'I would also urge people not to let strangers into their home and not to accept any unsolicited offers for work to be carried out on the spot.

'If you are ever unsure, ask them to come back at another time when friends or family are around to offer support, and close the door. Further safety advice is available on our website.'

Anyone with information is asked to call the Medway appeal line on **01634 792209** quoting reference 46/40305/20.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111, or by using the online form.
