```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Maurice McAnallen was more than double the legal alcohol limit when his Range Rover mounted a pavement and collided with a dog walker in Eynsford.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink driver jailed after fatal collision near Swanley
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/drink-driver-jailed-after-fatal-colliision-with-pedestrian-near-swanley/
publish:
  date: 11:36 03/11/2020
title: Drink driver jailed after fatal collision near Swanley | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/drink-driver-jailed-after-fatal-colliision-with-pedestrian-near-swanley/
```

A drink driver who caused the death of a man walking his dog in **Eynsford** near Swanley has been sentenced to more than four years' imprisonment.

**Maurice McAnallen** had consumed as many as five pints of lager before his Range Rover mounted a pavement and collided with the victim earlier this year.

McAnallen, aged 63, had been drinking at a football club in Chislehurst during the afternoon of **25 January 2020**.

After leaving at around 6.30pm, he entered his car to make the journey back to an address he had been staying at in Eynsford.

## Mounted pavement

At around 7.05pm, McAnallen entered **Eynsford High Street**. His vehicle crossed onto the wrong side of the road and mounted a pavement, at the same time that Andrew Miller was walking his dog.

The car struck Mr Miller, before colliding with two parked vehicles.

Police and ambulance crews attended but Mr Miller, aged 62, died at the scene.

McAnallen failed a roadside breath test and was arrested.

An investigation led to evidence that before the collision witnesses had seen him driving erratically and dangerously on roads including the A20, near Swanley.

The vehicle was reported to have swerved into wrong lanes and at one stage even climbed a grass bank before returning to the road.

## Guilty

Results of blood tests would show that at the time of the collision McAnallen's blood alcohol level was likely to have been at around 199 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood. The legal limit is 80 milligrams in 100 millilitres of blood.

McAnallen, of Stead Close, Chislehurst was charged with causing death by dangerous driving and with driving a motor vehicle while over the legal alcohol limit.

Appearing at Maidstone Crown Court he pleaded guilty and was sentenced on Monday 2 November to four years and two months' imprisonment.

When his sentence ends McAnallen will also be disqualified from driving for six years and one month and will be required to take an extended test.

## Lethal weapon

DC Dawn Smith, of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: 'Maurice McAnallen made the decision to get behind the wheel of his car, knowing full well he had consumed far too much alcohol to be able to drive. His intoxicated state meant he was driving what was essentially a loaded and lethal weapon.

'The consequences of his reckless actions have had tragic consequences, which will no doubt cause profound and enduring pain to Andrew's family. Drink driving can and does ruin lives. While no sentence will ever compensate Andrew's family for their loss, I hope that today can at least bring some closure for them at this difficult time.'
