```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Van owners in the Tunbridge Wells area are being reminded to remove valuable items to deter opportunist thieves.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning after thefts from parked vans in Tunbridge Wells area
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/warning-after-thefts-from-parked-vans-in-tunbridge-wells-area/
publish:
  date: 12:43 10/09/2020
title: Warning after thefts from parked vans in Tunbridge Wells area | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/warning-after-thefts-from-parked-vans-in-tunbridge-wells-area/
```

Van owners in the **Tunbridge Wells** area are being reminded to remove valuable items to deter opportunist thieves.

The advice comes after a number of reported overnight thefts in residential areas over the last week.

## Tools stolen

Between **4 September** and **6 September 2020** , power tools were reported stolen from the rear of a van in **Ramslye Road** , Tunbridge Wells. Further tools were targeted in a van parked in **Boyne Park**.

Kent Police was also called by a victim stating a strimmer, hedge trimmer and leaf blower had been stolen overnight from a secure box on a truck parked in **Horsmonden** between **6 September** and **7 September**.

District Commander, Chief Inspector Rachael Cumberland said: 'We suspect opportunist thieves may be visiting the area during the hours of darkness looking for works vehicles which may have expensive power tools in the rear.

'While we are investigating these offences, I would urge van drivers to make sure you lock all doors and close windows whenever you leave the vehicle. Never leave anything valuable on display and if possible remove it overnight. If feasible, park in a garage, secure car park or well-lit area.

'My officers continue to patrol these areas at vulnerable times and I would urge anybody who sees someone on foot or in a vehicle acting suspiciously to contact us.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information which may assist the investigations is asked to call **01622 604100** quoting reference 46/160250/20

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling **0800 555 111** or using the anonymous online form.
