```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Terry Moxon left more than &#163;260,000 worth of cocaine and heroin inside a car hired in his name.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dartford drug dealer jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/dartford-drug-dealer-jailed/
publish:
  date: 10:46 22/12/2020
title: Dartford drug dealer jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/dartford-drug-dealer-jailed/
```

Photo of Dartford drug dealer Terry Moxon

A **Dartford** drug dealer who left class A drugs worth more than £260,000 inside a car which had been hired in his name has been jailed.

Terry Moxon left the vehicle outside his **Willow Road** address in October 2018 and Kent Police officers went on to find one kilogram of cocaine, 304 grams of heroin and a cigarette butt with his saliva on inside.

He was sentenced to five and a half years in jail at Woolwich Crown Court on 21 December 2020 after admitting the offences.

Officers were alerted to the car after receiving reports that Moxon had been seen behaving strangely on the night of **11 October**. The behaviour included banging on a person's front door and leaving car keys, and a knife, outside.

Police attended and searched a nearby Peugeot 3008. Inside they found a brick of a brown crystallised substance, now known to be heroin, and a wrapped block of cocaine. Resealable bags, scales, scissors and a knife were also seized.

A used cigarette was found inside a match box which was later identified as having Moxon's DNA on it. Enquiries also confirmed that Moxon had hired the car from a company a few weeks prior to the incident.

Image of seized heroin (left) and cocaine (right).

Upon being arrested, he denied knowing about the drugs and claimed he believed the packages contained jewellery which he had been asked to sell on.

His DNA however was found on the inside of the drug's packaging.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Kara Sweetland said: 'Moxon left drugs concealed in packages inside the vehicle which had a combined street value of more than £260,000. Their seizure is a significant loss for organised criminals.
'We work hard to combat the supply of drugs within Kent and Medway and I'm pleased that Moxon has been removed from the streets and will now face a custodial sentence.'
