```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Nigel Doherty was responsible for a series of abusive incidents last year when he also inflicted injuries to his victim with a knife. He has now been jailed.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Maidstone man repeatedly punched and kicked woman
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/maidstone-man-repeatedly-punched-and-kicked-woman/
publish:
  date: 13:39 25/03/2021
title: Maidstone man repeatedly punched and kicked woman | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/maidstone-man-repeatedly-punched-and-kicked-woman/
```

A **Maidstone** man who repeatedly punched and kicked a woman in the head during a violent assault in her own home has been sentenced to prison.

**Nigel Doherty** was responsible for a series of abusive incidents last year when he also inflicted injuries to his victim with a knife.

Police were called on **10 September 2020** , following reports of screaming coming from a property near the town centre.

Officers attended and found the victim inside with multiple injuries.

Doherty had earlier entered the address and dragged the woman by her clothing into the kitchen, where he then subjected her to a sustained assault.

## Guilty

He was arrested later that evening and an investigation revealed he was also responsible for previous assaults against her. During one of these he cut the victim's leg with a knife.

Doherty appeared before Maidstone Crown Court, where he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm, assault by beating, common assault, possessing a knife in a public place and wounding or inflicting grievous bodily harm without intent.

A further charge of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm was ordered by the court to lie on file.

On Friday 19 March 2021, Doherty, aged 43, was sentenced to two years and six months' imprisonment.

## Appalling violence

Investigating officer, PC Geena Beddoes said: 'Doherty subjected his victim to a number of horrific attacks, including one where he kicked her so hard the force of the assault caused her head to strike a wall. 'As well as the appalling violence, Doherty's victim has endured relentless mental anguish and I sincerely hope she can now take some comfort from this sentence and is able to move on with her life. 'Domestic violence is a priority for Kent Police and I would encourage anyone who finds themselves in a similar situation or relationship to report it to someone and get help. 'There is a range of support and information available, just phone us or ask a trusted friend or relative to do it. Nobody should feel they don't have the option to walk away from domestic abuse.'
