```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Information is being sought by officers investigating an incident of grievous bodily harm on the Isle of Grain, near Rochester.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Information sought following Isle of Grain serious assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2003/information-sought-following-isle-of-grain-serious-assault/
publish:
  date: 16:05 06/03/2020
title: Information sought following Isle of Grain serious assault | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2003/information-sought-following-isle-of-grain-serious-assault/
```

Information is being sought by officers investigating an incident of grievous bodily harm on the **Isle of Grain** , near Rochester.

It was reported at around **9.30pm** on **Wednesday 4 March 2020** a group of people wearing balaclavas pulled a man out of his car which was parked in **West Lane**. The victim was then forced into another vehicle.

Whilst inside the vehicle, believed to be a Volkswagen Golf, the victim was assaulted sustaining injuries consistent with stab wounds. The suspects drove him to **Cuckolds Green Lane** between the Lower Stoke and Allhallows area, took him out of the car and left him there before leaving the scene.

The victim, a man in his 30s, was taken to a London hospital where he received treatment before being later discharged.

At around 11pm the same night, the suspect vehicle was discovered on fire near Old Watling Street, Strood.

## Dash cam appeal

Investigating officers are appealing to anyone with information who may have witnessed the incident, or any drivers who were in the area and may have dash cam footage, to come forward.

PC Brian Mitchell from Medway CID said: 'We would particularly like to hear from drivers who were on the Isle of Grain or in Lower Stoke or Allhallows between 9pm and 11pm, or in or around Old Watling Street, Strood between 10.30pm and 11pm, who may have witnessed suspicious behaviour or have dash cam footage from those locations.

'We are working on the presumption that this was a targeted attack and whilst unnerving, we would like to reassure the local community that there is no intelligence to suggest general members of the public are at risk.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information is asked to call the Medway appeal line on **01634 792209** quoting reference 46/41481/20.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111, or by using the online form.
