```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Marian Dinca has been ordered to pay back &#163;14,000 of unlawful earnings under the Proceeds of Crime Act.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Convicted dealer ordered to forfeit drugs money
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/convicted-dealer-ordered-to-foreit-drugs-money/
publish:
  date: 10:39 22/12/2020
title: Convicted dealer ordered to forfeit drugs money | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/convicted-dealer-ordered-to-foreit-drugs-money/
```

A convicted drug dealer has been ordered to pay back £14,000 of unlawful earnings under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

**Marian Dinca** was arrested on 17 April 2020, after officers stopped his Fiat 500 which was entering the **Dartford** River Crossing, in the direction of Essex.

## Cocaine

When the car was searched a shopping bag was found behind the driver's seat, which contained almost a kilogram of cocaine with a potential street value of up to £90,000.

A search was then carried out at the 26-year-old's home in Ambleside Drive, Leicester, where £12,500 in cash was seized.

Dinca was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 22 May 2020 to four years and four months' imprisonment, having pleaded guilty to possessing cocaine with intent to supply, being concerned in the supply of cocaine and acquiring criminal property.

## Confiscation hearing

On 18 December, a confiscation hearing was heard at the same court where it was determined he had benefited from his crimes to the amount of £19,550.

Dinca was ordered to forfeit £14,000, his current available assets.

This included the cash seized from his home and the Fiat 500, used in the commission of the offence, which will be sold at auction.

Detective Chief Inspector Patrick Milford, of Kent Police's Economic Crime Unit, said: 'No one should be allowed to benefit financially from committing crime, and we have again used this legislation to ensure criminals like Dinca are made to pay back money they have made through illegal activities. 'The Proceeds of Crime Act remains a vital piece of legislation that helps us achieve this end. It prevents criminals from continuing to reap the benefits of their illegal activities even after they have been arrested, charged and sent to prison.'

Assets recovered under the Proceeds of Crime Act are distributed to operational agencies including Kent Police under the Asset Recovery Incentivisation Scheme (ARIS).

Broadly, ARIS divides recovered assets between operational agencies and the Home Office which is then reinvested into policing.
