```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Photographs of jewellery have been issued by detectives investigating a robbery in Birling Road, Snodland.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Photographs of jewellery issued following robbery in Snodland
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/photographs-of-jewellery-issued-following-robbery-in-snodland/
publish:
  date: 12:10 26/01/2021
title: Photographs of jewellery issued following robbery in Snodland | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/photographs-of-jewellery-issued-following-robbery-in-snodland/
```

Photographs of jewellery have been issued by detectives investigating a robbery in **Snodland**.

The jewellery, along with a quantity of cash, was reported stolen after a man forced his way into the **Birling Road** home of a woman in her 80s.

He entered the address at around **7.20pm** on **Friday 22 January 2021.**

## Assault

It is reported he punched the victim's face causing her to fall to the floor. He then threatened her and demanded cash before leaving with the stolen property.

A local neighbour found the victim and reported the incident to Kent Police.

Investigating officer, PC Chris Welham of Maidstone CID said: 'We are issuing photographs of two bracelets, a necklace with a pendant and a watch that were taken during the incident, along with other jewellery.
'While we are completing enquiries in the area, including the review of available CCTV, we would like to hear from anybody who is offered or has unsuspectingly bought any of these items.
'The stolen cash consists of older style, paper, twenty pound notes. While these are still legal tender, we are urging any local residents or businesses who are offered a quantity of these, to contact the appeal line.
'Investigators still wish to speak to a woman who was jogging along the road at the time of the incident, and may have passed the suspect when he was outside the front of the victim's house.'

## Description

The suspect is described as being white, short, of medium to large build and in his late 30s, or possibly early 40s.

Further distinctive jewellery reported stolen during the incident includes a charm bracelet with a spherical moon charm, a snake shaped bangle, a ring with a Union Jack and a medal commemorating the sinking of the RMS Lusitania.

## Can you help?

Anybody with information is asked to call Kent Police on **01622 604100** , quoting reference 46/11496/21.

You can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on **0800 555111** or visit their website.
