```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A masked robber who targeted a shop in Swanscombe has been jailed following an investigation by the Chief Constable&#39;s Crime Squad.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Masked robber jailed after Swanscombe shop targeted
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/masked-robber-jailed-after-swanscombe-shop-targeted/
publish:
  date: 17:00 26/01/2021
title: Masked robber jailed after Swanscombe shop targeted | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/masked-robber-jailed-after-swanscombe-shop-targeted/
```

A masked robber who pressed a knife against a woman's throat has been jailed for six years.

Dressed in a white face mask, **Caine Borrow** targeted the **Swanscombe** newsagent in October 2020. He was identified after his DNA was found on the covering, which had been discarded in a nearby alleyway.

The 30-year-old, of Keary Road, Swanscombe, admitted attempted robbery and possessing a knife in a public place before being sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court on Wednesday 20 January 2021.

In addition to the custodial sentence, he will be the subject of a four year extended licence once released.

Borrow targeted the store, in **Swanscombe Street** , at around **9.50am** on **Wednesday 7 October**.

Immediately after entering the premises, he grabbed a delivery woman from behind and pressed a knife against her throat.

He then demanded money from the victim, before pushing her into a shelf.

He then chased a second person around the shop before following him outside, with no money stolen.

Borrow then left the scene, however detectives in the Chief Constable's Crime Squad were able to use CCTV to track his movements onto Church Road and Castle Road.

They also found clothing which Borros had discarded in an alleyway between Castle Street and Ames Road. The knife was also found nearby.

Forensic enquiries on these items provided a DNA match for Borrow and he was arrested on suspicion of the offence five days later. He has been held on remand since.

Detective Constable Nicola Lincoln, Kent Police's investigating officer for the case, said: 'Borrow subjected the victims of this offence to a horrifying ordeal.

'There are no mitigating circumstances for such brazen, indiscriminate and exceptionally violent offending and I am pleased that our investigation left him with no choice but to plead guilty.

'Borrow has shown himself to be a dangerous offender who is prepared to use extreme violence against innocent members of the public. We have no tolerance for such offending and will use every resource available to pursue justice.

'I am pleased that he is no longer able to cause further harm.'
