```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for a serious assault they carried out following an argument at a railway station.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for two men following serious assault in Ashford
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/jail-for-two-men-following-serious-assault-in-ashford/
publish:
  date: 15:29 13/12/2020
title: Jail for two men following serious assault in Ashford | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/jail-for-two-men-following-serious-assault-in-ashford/
```

Two men have been jailed for a serious assault they carried out following an argument at a railway station.

**Seamus Dyson** , 20, and **Bobby Turner** , 18, attacked their victim two weeks after exchanging words when they pushed past him on the platform.

They were arrested following a public appeal for information and admitted unlawful wounding at Canterbury Crown Court on Thursday 3 December 2020.

At the same court on Wednesday 9 December, Dyson, of Peall Road, Croydon, was sentenced to 18 months and Turner, of Bromley Road, Catford, was jailed for a year.

## Assault

Dyson and Turner pushed past their victim when a train's doors opened at **Ashford International station** on **Saturday 27 October 2018**. A short argument ensued before they walked off and the victim boarded the train.

On **Saturday 10 November 2018** , the victim was walking along **Tannery Lane, Ashford** when Dyson and Turner confronted him.

One of them said: 'Don't you remember me from the train?' before they punched, kicked and hit the victim in his face and ribs.

The victim suffered a deep cut to his forehead and a cut beneath one of his eyes.

## Arrest

Dyson and Turner were identified through CCTV images and were both arrested in January 2019.

Detective Constable Andrew Dale, Kent Police's investigating officer, said: 'This was a violent assault, motivated by a seemingly minor exchange of words at a train station two weeks earlier.

'I would like to thank the members of the public who assisted our investigation and am pleased it has resulted in two violent offenders being removed from the streets.'

Bobby Turner, pictured, is one of two offenders jailed
