```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A jail sentence has been given to a man from Maidstone who persistently stalked a woman and made unwanted contact with her over several weeks.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prison sentence for Maidstone stalker
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/prison-sentence-for-maidstone-stalker/
publish:
  date: 13:30 15/03/2021
title: Prison sentence for Maidstone stalker | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/prison-sentence-for-maidstone-stalker/
```

A jail sentence has been given to a man from **Maidstone** who persistently stalked a woman and made unwanted contact with her over several weeks.

On **8 September 2020** , **Thomas Lloyd** went to an address occupied by relatives of a woman he knew, and tried to get into their house. The police were called and when officers spoke to him he said he had intended to stab himself when she arrived at the premises.

## Knife seized

When the officers searched his car, a knife was found on the passenger seat and he was arrested. The woman was contacted by investigators and she explained that Lloyd had been continually making unwanted contact with her, seeking a relationship and causing her considerable distress.

Over subsequent weeks Lloyd sent further text messages threatening to harm himself in spite of the fact that she had told him to stop and blocked him on social media.

He continued to send photographs and emails to the victim and on 1 October gained access to a house where he caused damage to some of her property and opened a number of her letters.

## Arrests

Lloyd, of Tilling Close, Maidstone was arrested on two further occasions in connection with the damage and other incidents of unwanted contact, and on 14 October he was charged with stalking and possession of a knife.

He pleaded guilty at Maidstone Crown Court and on Wednesday 10 March 2021, Lloyd, aged 27, was sentenced to one year and ten months in prison.

PC Chris Crawford of the Maidstone Vulnerability Investigation Team said: 'This man continually harassed the victim over several weeks and caused her significant distress. He knew she did not want him to make contact with her and carried on regardless. He should be thoroughly ashamed of his conduct.
'It is right that he is now serving a prison sentence and I would like to thank the victim for bravely assisting investigators to bring him to justice.'
