```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A Kent Police Community Liaison Officer has been helping people with disabilities deal with the challenges of the coronavirus outbreak.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kent Police Community Liaison Officer among those helping people with disabilities
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/kent-police-community-liaison-officer-among-those-helping-people-with-disabilities/
publish:
  date: 13:36 13/11/2020
title: Kent Police Community Liaison Officer among those helping people with disabilities | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/kent-police-community-liaison-officer-among-those-helping-people-with-disabilities/
```

A Kent Police Community Liaison Officer has been helping people with disabilities deal with the challenges of the coronavirus outbreak.

**Tanya Clark** , from Dover's Community Safety Unit, is among representatives of a number of agencies who offer advice to members of the area's Disability Partnership Group.

The group usually meets at venues in **east Kent** to allow people with a wide range of disabilities to speak to members of healthcare, local government and other organisations.

## Support

With the outbreak of Covid-19, the group has been unable to meet in person, so have been organising weekly virtual meetings to allow its members to keep in touch.

Tanya is among a number of figures who have contributed to an advice video organised by East Kent Mencap, which explains how to stay safe and follow the rules during the lockdown and beyond.

She has also been attending the weekly virtual meetings since earlier this year.

## Vulnerable groups

The Community Liaison Officer said: 'Kent Police is committed to helping the most vulnerable members of our community and I hope the online meetings and guidance video have helped members of the group deal with the uncertainty caused by Covid-19.

'The guidance has clarified to members the rules set by the Government and I believe it has allowed those dialling in to feel less isolated and more in touch with what is going on in the community.'

Kent Police Community Liaison Officers work with partners to build up relationships with people from diverse and vulnerable communities, to help officers support those groups and detect crime.
