```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The charges were made over the first ten days of December, as Kent Police supports a national road safety campaign.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 140 motorists charged with drink or drug driving offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/kent-police-supports-national-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 16:30 11/12/2020
title: 140 motorists charged with drink or drug driving offences | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/kent-police-supports-national-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

More than 100 people have been arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences by Kent Police so far in December.

In total, 140 people have been detained by Kent Police officers across the county, with 33 charges authorised so far. Enquiries into the other alleged offences, which includes sending specimens for forensic analysis, are ongoing.

The arrests were made while Kent Police supports a national campaign which seeks to raise awareness on the dangers of driving while impaired.

Driving under the influence of a drink or drug is known to be one of the four most common causes of a fatal or serious injury collision, alongside speeding, not wearing a seatbelt and using a mobile phone at the wheel.

Last year there were 375 collisions involving a suspected drink or drug drivers across Kent and Medway. Provisional data, up to 26 November, shows there have been 303 in 2020.

##
Advice

The government's latest guidance on Covid-19 does limit interactions that can be made however the festive period is known to be a time when people consume more alcohol.

Motorists are encouraged to remember that, even though they cannot attend a pub, drinking at home can still leave you over the limit the next day.

Anyone who attends a celebration outside of their home is also encouraged to ensure they follow the government's guidance and plan ahead.

Never drive once you have consumed alcohol and do not get in the car if you believe the driver is under the influence of a substance. Pre-book a licenced taxi instead.

Officers in Kent Police's Roads Policing Unit are continuing to patrol key locations and will always take immediate, and proportionate, action should they identify a driver who they suspected is under the influence of drink or drugs.

##
Inexcusable offence

Detective Inspector Lee Neiles, from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: 'Thankfully, the vast majority of road users in our county drive in full compliance of the law but the actions of a small minority can still have a tragic impact.

 'There are no mitigating factors for driving under the influence of drink or drugs - it is an inexcusable offence that can have life-changing consequences.

'Each year, my team responds to incidents that have needlessly resulted in an innocent person dying because of someone else's reckless decision to drive while impaired. The trauma this has on families cannot be put into words.

'I would encourage anyone who thinks the law does not apply to them to ask themselves how they would feel if we knocked on their door to tell them an impaired driver had killed their loved one.

'No one should die in such an avoidable set of circumstances and that is why we will offer our support to any initiative that seeks to stop people driving when they are not fit to do so.'
