```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A routine vehicle stop for suspected speeding led to the discovery of a cannabis cultivation and the jailing of a drug dealer.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for cannabis cultivation following vehicle stop in Folkestone
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/drug-dealer-jailed-for-cannabis-cultivation-following-vehicle-stop/
publish:
  date: 15:55 29/03/2021
title: Drug dealer jailed for cannabis cultivation following vehicle stop in Folkestone | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/drug-dealer-jailed-for-cannabis-cultivation-following-vehicle-stop/
```

Nicholas Moulder (pictured) has been jailed.

A routine vehicle stop for suspected speeding led to the discovery of a cannabis cultivation and the jailing of a drug dealer.

Kent Police officers on patrol in **Folkestone** stopped a Jaguar X-Type in January 2021 and found the driver **Nicholas Moulder** in possession of more than £5,000 in cash.

Officers from Dyfed-Powys Police later carried out a warrant at a property in **Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire** and uncovered a cannabis cultivation.

## Court

Moulder was charged with and later admitted being concerned in the production and supply of cannabis and two counts of possession of criminal property, relating to £5,500 cash.

The 49-year-old, of Kensington Gardens, Haverfordwest, was jailed for two and a half years at Canterbury Crown Court on Thursday 18 March 2021.

Officers from Dyfed-Powys Police found this cannabis cultivation site in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire.

## Arrest

Moulder was suspected of speeding in **Cheriton High Street** at **4.40am** on **Monday 18 January 2021** and was stopped nearby by a local patrol.

Officers smelled cannabis in the car and, when it was searched, a suitcase containing £5,000 was found. Moulder also had £500 and cannabis in his possession.

He was arrested and officers from Dyfed-Powys Police later carried out a warrant at his home in Wales.

They found three tents containing hydroponic equipment, twenty-six cannabis plants and more than eight hundred grams of cannabis.

## Cash seized

Detective Inspector Nigel Douglas, of Folkestone's Criminal Investigation Department, said: 'A routine car stop and the professional curiosity of the officers involved has led to the seizure of a large amount of criminal cash and the shutting down of this cannabis cultivation site.

'The efficient investigation carried out by both police forces left Moulder with no choice but to admit these offences and the seizure of this cash shows that crime doesn't pay.'
