```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "The owner of a dog that maimed and killed livestock has been issued with a control order following an investigation by Kent Police\u2019s Rural Task Force."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Control order for man who allowed his dog to maim and kill livestock in Westerham
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/control-order-for-man-who-allowed-his-dog-to-maim-and-kill-livestock-in-westerham/
publish:
  date: 15:32 08/12/2020
title: Control order for man who allowed his dog to maim and kill livestock in Westerham | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/control-order-for-man-who-allowed-his-dog-to-maim-and-kill-livestock-in-westerham/
```

The owner of a dog that maimed and killed livestock has been issued with a control order following an investigation by Kent Police's Rural Task Force.

Appearing before Medway Magistrates Court on **Tuesday, 8 December 2020** , the man from **Westerham** who is in his 30s, admitted four counts of livestock worrying - an offence under the Protection of Livestock Act.

## Four incidents

The court heard how the man's dog had been involved in four incidents of livestock worrying between 12 April and 5 August 2020 at two farms in Westerham. In one incident a sheep suffered an injury to its leg which required £500 worth of veterinary treatment. On another occasion a goat was killed after the man's dog attacked it causing a fatal puncture wound to the animal's neck.

The dog's owner has now been issued with a control order which requires the animal to be placed on a lead at all times when in public whilst prohibiting him from walking his dog on the land where the attacks took place.

The case was investigated by PC Nick Lingham, who said: 'The man allowed his dog to brutally attack a number of animals, causing them significant injury and distressing the owners who had to try and contain the dog whilst it was being aggressive.

'He repeatedly behaved irresponsibly, failing to use a lead or a muzzle and admitted he was aware that his dog would attack animals.

'We will now monitor the situation to encourage him to adhere to the order and if he fails to do so, appropriate action will be taken which may result in the destruction of his dog if it attacks again.'
