```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The victim was repeatedly struck with a tin of baked beans, and a broom, during the assault.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prisoner sentenced for assaulting inmate at HMP Swaleside
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/prisoner-sentenced-for-assaulting-inmate-at-hmp-swaleside/
publish:
  date: 09:22 30/01/2021
title: Prisoner sentenced for assaulting inmate at HMP Swaleside | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/prisoner-sentenced-for-assaulting-inmate-at-hmp-swaleside/
```

A prisoner who used a tin of baked beans to seriously injure a fellow inmate has been jailed for three-and-a-half years.

**Ramone Brannon** left the victim with serious facial injuries after he used the tin, and a broom, to repeatedly strike him in **February 2019**.

The 27-year-old, of **HMP Swaleside** , admitted wounding with intent and was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Tuesday 26 January 2021.

Brannon and his inmate had both been given a special allowance to work in a section of the prison where they sorted food and other essential items.

As part of their duties, the victim was sweeping the floor and Brannon was picking items from shelves. He then became frustrated that he could not move around the victim.

A short verbal exchange took place before Brannon turned a corner, picked up a tin of baked bins, and used it to strike his inmate around the head.

He was then repeatedly struck with the tin, punched, and hit with the broom he had been using. He sustained serious facial injuries, which required treatment at a London hospital.

The assault was captured on CCTV however, in police interview, he provided 'no comment' to a series of questions that were asked of him before making a full admission in court.

Detective Constable Matthew Robinson, Kent Police's investigating officer for the case, said: 'At the time Brannon committed this offence, he was serving a sentence for a different assault that had taken place outside of Kent.

'He has shown that his violent and unpredictable temperament has not changed and there can be little doubt that his willingness to use such considerable force means he is a danger to the public.

'The sentence imposed is therefore entirely justified and I sincerely hope Brannon engages with the services available to him to reform and reflect upon his actions.'
