```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Proactive work by officers in Margate has led to the arrest of three suspects and the seizure of cash and suspected class A drugs.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs and cash seized following arrests in Margate
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/drugs-and-cash-seized-following-arrests-in-margate/
publish:
  date: 11:14 16/02/2021
title: Drugs and cash seized following arrests in Margate | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/drugs-and-cash-seized-following-arrests-in-margate/
```

Proactive work by officers in **Margate** has led to the arrest of three suspects and the seizure of cash and suspected class A drugs.

Officers from Thanet's Community Policing Team attended a property in **Grosvenor Place** on the morning of **Saturday 13 February 2021** following concerns a resident may have been 'cuckooed' by drug dealers.

Following their arrival at the property, officers spotted two men trying to leave through a back garden.

One of the men was seen to throw an object away as police approached and both men were arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with intent to supply.

## Investigation

Enquiries later established that one of the men, an 18-year-old from Ilford, east London, was wanted by the Metropolitan Police in connection with an attempted murder investigation following an incident in London on **Wednesday 10 February**.

A search of the two men and the Margate property led to Kent Police seizing a large quantity of suspected heroin and crack cocaine, a mobile phone and more than £2,000 in cash.

On the same day, a further suspect was arrested in **Maidstone** town centre on suspicion of drugs offences as part of the same investigation.

The two 18-year-old men arrested in Margate and the 18-year-old man arrested in Maidstone have since been bailed until Wednesday 3 March while an investigation continues.

## County lines

Cuckooing is a term for when county line networks take over the home of a vulnerable person so they can use it as a base from which to deal drugs in an area.

Thanet District Commander Chief Inspector Rhiannan Pepper said: 'Kent Police is determined to make the county a no-go area for county line groups and I am pleased the proactive work of officers has led to the seizure of suspected drugs and the arrest of three suspects.

'An investigation into activities at this property is ongoing and we will be seeking the prosecution of anyone involved in drug dealing so we can continue to protect vulnerable people in the district.'
