```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Habibullah Faqeerz of Harmer Street, Gravesend, was sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court on 19 February 2021 following a three-day trial.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gravesend robber jailed for four years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/gravesend-robber-jailed-for-four-years/
publish:
  date: 15:30 19/02/2021
title: Gravesend robber jailed for four years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/gravesend-robber-jailed-for-four-years/
```

Faqeerz has been jailed

A robber who befriended a man in Dartford before assaulting him and stealing his phone has been jailed for four years.

**Habibullah Faqeerz** of Harmer Street, Gravesend, was sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court on 19 February 2021 following a three-day trial.

The 29-year-old denied robbery but was found guilty of the charge by a jury.

He was charged with the crime following an incident in **Clarence Place, Gravesend** , which happened on **9 June 2020**.

Officers attended the scene after the victim was heard shouting for help at around **3.15pm**.

Upon arrival they found a man in his forties with a small stab wound just below his armpit. A mobile phone, which belonged to Faqeerz was also found nearby.

The victim told officers he had befriended Faqeerz the previous day at Dartford Train Station and that he promised the victim work.

When they met, the victim was initially asked for cigarette however the pair then engaged in a conversation about employment on a train ride to Gravesend.

As a result of the conversation, the victim agreed to meet Faqeerz at Gravesend Train Station the following afternoon with some money and identity documents.

Upon meeting for the second time, Faqeerz walked the victim behind a building in Clarence Place before suddenly grabbing him. During a struggle that then took place, the victim was stabbed under the armpit and robbed of his mobile phone.

Investigators were able to gather CCTV that captured Faqeerz meeting the victim and, following work to identify him, he was detained five days later.

The victim subsequently identified him from an identity parade and he has been held on remand since.

Detective Constable Rebecca Veares, the investigating officer for the case, said: 'Faqeerz is a clear and obvious threat to public safety and I am pleased that he is behind bars and justice has been secured for the victim.

'Faqeerz's willingness to use serious violence to attempt to steal an item of relatively low value shows him to be little more than a callous thief with little regard for anyone else's wellbeing.

'There can be no tolerance for such offending and we will always pursue every reasonable line of enquiry to ensure offenders like Faqeerz are removed from the streets.'
