```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Kent Police has given hand-held metal detectors, known as &#39;knife wands&#39;, to pubs and bars in Dover and Deal to discourage violent crime.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Knife wands given to pubs in Dover and Deal to discourage violent crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2010/knife-wands-given-to-pubs-in-dover-and-deal-to-discourage-violent-crime/
publish:
  date: 12:55 23/10/2020
title: Knife wands given to pubs in Dover and Deal to discourage violent crime | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2010/knife-wands-given-to-pubs-in-dover-and-deal-to-discourage-violent-crime/
```

Kent Police has given hand-held metal detectors, known as 'knife wands', to pubs and bars in **Dover** and **Deal** to discourage violent crime.

Officers from Dover's Community Safety Unit, working with a licensing officer from Dover District Council, visited 10 venues in the two towns in **October 2020**.

Licensees were given the wands, which will help them stop anyone bringing dangerous objects into their premises.

It is hoped that more widespread use of the devices will further discourage anyone from carrying weapons in the towns.

## Deterrent

PC Dannii Rolfe, of Dover's Community Safety Unit, said: 'There is no excuse for carrying a weapon of any kind in Kent and we will seek the prosecution of anyone who does so.

'We are very pleased with the response from staff in bars and pubs in Dover and Deal and welcome their help, along with partner agencies, in our ongoing work to confront the issue.'

The initiative was funded by the Dover Community Safety Partnership with funds from the Violence Reduction Unit (VRU).

## Support

Cllr Nigel Collor, Chair of the Community Safety Partnership, said: 'We're determined to tackle the scourge of knife crime as part of our work with Kent Police and partners to support licensed premises across the district.

'Whilst levels of knife crime are low in the district, the Knife Wand Initiative is another example of how we're supporting local venues to help keep people safe.'

The Police and Crime Commissioner for Kent, Matthew Scott, whose office oversees the Violence Reduction Unit, said: 'The purpose of the VRU is to bring agencies from across Kent and Medway together to prevent crime and keep people safe. I'm glad that the money we received from Government last year is supporting projects which are having a positive impact within local communities.'

Kent Police's PC Ian Belsey (left) and Dover District Council licensing enforcement officer Paul James (right) present a knife wand to a member of staff at Rhino and Bull's in Dover.
