```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Motorcyclists in the west Kent and Medway areas are being reminded to ride responsibly and lawfully, or risk having their bikes seized.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nuisance motorcyclists targeted in west Kent and Medway
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/nuisance-motorcyclists-targeted-in-west-kent-and-medway/
publish:
  date: 15:32 03/03/2021
title: Nuisance motorcyclists targeted in west Kent and Medway | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/nuisance-motorcyclists-targeted-in-west-kent-and-medway/
```

Motorcyclists in the west Kent and Medway areas are being reminded to ride responsibly and lawfully, or risk having their bikes seized.

Officers from Tonbridge and Malling, Maidstone and Medway together with Kent Police's Rural Task Force and special constables, are targeting nuisance motorbikes that cause a danger to pedestrians and horse riders in the countryside.

On **Sunday 28 February 2021** , officers were deployed to rural areas where complaints had been received about vehicles committing offences on footpaths and in nature reserves.

## Drone

A drone was used to track down suspected offenders and five uninsured off-road bikes were seized near **Blue Bell Hill, Harrietsham, the Isle of Grain** and **Maidstone**. Officers also issued ten section 59 warnings to motorcyclists and sixteen fines for breaching Coronavirus regulations.

Inspector Stephen Kent of Maidstone's Community Safety Unit said: 'Our officers are responding to concerns raised about off-road motorbikes and 4x4 vehicles that present a potential danger to others and affect the quality of life for the local communities.
'While any uninsured vehicle will be seized, a section 59 warning can be issued to riders and motorists driving in an irresponsible manner. This gives us the power to seize and in some cases destroy a vehicle where the anti-social behaviour is repeated.
'We have had an excellent response from members of the public who were pleased to see our efforts to prevent anti-social behaviour in the countryside. I would encourage residents to report any incidents to us as this allows us to build a picture of the problem and deploy our patrols effectively in the future.'

Incidents involving nuisance motorcyclists can be reported on the Kent Police website.
