```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A drug dealer found with a knuckle duster, admitted possessing cocaine intended for sale at a party, before his arrest in Tunbridge Wells.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for Tunbridge Wells dealer arrested with knuckle duster
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/jail-for-tunbridge-wells-dealer-arrested-with-cocaine-for-party/
publish:
  date: 10:12 03/03/2021
title: Jail for Tunbridge Wells dealer arrested with knuckle duster | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/jail-for-tunbridge-wells-dealer-arrested-with-cocaine-for-party/
```

A drug dealer with a knuckle duster, admitted possessing cocaine intended for sale at a party, before his arrest in **Tunbridge Wells**.

On **15 November 2019** , a police patrol stopped a Mercedes C250 travelling on **London Road, Southborough.**

Suspecting the driver, **Karl Pennington** , was involved in the supply of drugs, the officers completed a search and seized twenty bags of cocaine from one of his pockets and two mobile phones.

## Weapon seized

Pennington admitted he had the drugs with him for a party and he was arrested. The officers also seized a knuckle duster from the car and £310 in cash.

When an address he was using at the time was searched, they recovered a further £360 and some electronic scales.

One of his mobile phones was later examined and found to contain text messages relating to the sale of drugs.

## Charged

Pennington, aged 53, of no fixed address, was subsequently charged with possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.

He pleaded guilty at Maidstone Crown Court and on Tuesday 2 March 2021 was sentenced to two years and four months in prison.

District Commander for Tunbridge Wells, Chief Inspector Omid Changizi, said: 'This dealer was actively supplying class A drugs to the local area. It is apparent he was making a sizeable profit and had no regard for the impact of his actions on the drug users, their families and the wider community.
'A prison sentence is entirely justified and should send a clear message to others who seek to deal drugs, that it is only a matter of time before our proactive officers track them down and bring them to justice.'
