```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Jason Barnes chased a man whilst brandishing weapons in both hands, following a failed robbery in 2020.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific Maidstone thief was armed with kitchen knives
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/prolific-maidstone-thief-waa-armed-wth-kitchen-knives/
publish:
  date: 09:29 12/03/2021
title: Prolific Maidstone thief was armed with kitchen knives | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/prolific-maidstone-thief-waa-armed-wth-kitchen-knives/
```

A prolific thief armed with two kitchen knives has been jailed after he tried to rob a man in **Maidstone. **

**Jason Barnes** was seen waving the weapons around and shouting threats, after he had chased the victim following a failed robbery in the town last year.

Barnes initially approached the victim from behind, on **30 November 2020** , at the end of an alleyway leading from **Lynley Close**.

He pointed a knife towards his chest and demanded he hand over his possessions.

The victim refused and ran away. He was pursued by Barnes who was holding a knife in each hand.

## Threats to police

Police were called and, after dropping the knives, the 47-year-old was located nearby and arrested.

During a search he was abusive to officers and attempted to headbutt one of them.

Barnes, of King Street, Maidstone was charged with attempted robbery, two counts of possessing a knife in a public place and assault of an emergency worker.

He pleaded guilty at Maidstone Crown Court and on Wednesday 10 March 2021 was sentenced to four years and five months' imprisonment.

## Knife crime a priority

Detective Constable Billie-Louise Keane, of the Chief Constable's Crime Squad, said: 'Barnes is a repeat offender who picked his victim at random and then subjected him to what must have been a terrifying ordeal. Thankfully our officers were able to quickly identify and arrest him and ensure he posed no further threat to members of the public. 'I'd like to reassure residents that throughout Kent we are continuing to take a robust stance in tackling knife crime and those who carry weapons and we remain determined to do all we can to keep our communities safe. 'Our officers work in partnership with other law enforcement agencies, such as British Transport Police and neighbouring forces, to detect and disrupt those believed to be carrying weapons and who may be linked to associated offences, such as supplying drugs.'
