```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A Maidstone drug dealer, Wesley Odjoma, is starting a prison sentence after being arrested in possession of a county line mobile phone.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dealer jailed following arrest by Maidstone plain clothes officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/dealer-jailed-following-arrest-by-maidstone-plain-clothes-officers/
publish:
  date: 06:57 15/03/2021
title: Dealer jailed following arrest by Maidstone plain clothes officers | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/dealer-jailed-following-arrest-by-maidstone-plain-clothes-officers/
```

A drug dealer who was arrested in **Maidstone** in possession of a county line mobile phone is starting a prison sentence.

On **11 June 2020** , plain clothes officers from Kent Police's County Line and Gang Team saw two known drug users standing in an alleyway in **St Phillips Avenue** , counting out a quantity of cash.

Suspecting they were planning to buy class A drugs, the officers watched them until they were met by **Wesley Odjoma**.

## Phone seized

The officers approached the group, detained Odjoma for a drug search, and seized a mobile phone that contained texts relating to drug supply.

Its phone number was later identified as one regularly used in the area to market cocaine and heroin.

Odjoma, of Clyde Road, Croydon, Greater London, was arrested and when his home address was searched officers located electronic scales and a razor blade that had cocaine residue on them.

He was later charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and being concerned in the supply of heroin.

## Sentenced

Odjoma, aged 23, pleaded guilty and at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday 12 March 2021, was sentenced to three years and two months in prison.

Investigating officer, DC Andy Julier, said: 'Another London dealer has found to their cost that they cannot deal drugs in our county with impunity.
'All those involved in the supply of heroin and cocaine should think twice before they choose to ply their trade in Kent.
'Our officers patrol in plain clothes and uniform and will swiftly identify them and gather sufficient evidence to bring them to justice.'
