```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A short video of key workers from across the county is being shared across multiple social media channels today.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Frontline workers team up to support stay-at-home message
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2004/frontline-workers-team-up-to-support-stay-at-home-message/
publish:
  date: 13:26 24/04/2020
title: Frontline workers team up to support stay-at-home message | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2004/frontline-workers-team-up-to-support-stay-at-home-message/
```

Frontline staff from across Kent and Medway are leading this weekend's stay-at-home appeal as part of potentially life-saving measures against the spread of Covid-19.

A short video of key workers from across the county is being shared across multiple social media channels today as emergency services, local councils, health partners and essential service providers from across the Kent Resilience Forum are again uniting to remind everyone to follow the Government's advice by staying safe at home and only going out for essential trips.

Those taking part in the #KentTogether campaign include a Kent Police officer, an NHS nurse, a doctor, a Kent County Council community warden, local council workers, search and rescue and coastguard volunteers, water and power company employees, and many staff who are contributing to keeping vital services running during the COVID-19 lockdown.

## #KentTogether

Kent Police Chief Constable Alan Pughsley said:

'The people of Kent have been fantastic so far, with the vast majority staying at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

'It is vital that we all continue to do so in order to help slow the spread of Covid-19, which has already cost so many lives around the world. That is why Kent Police is proud to support the #KentTogether campaign with our partners from across the Kent Resilience Forum.

'Every day I ask my officers to leave their families behind and put their health on the line to prevent and tackle crime, and to protect the most vulnerable members of society. It is on behalf of those officers and other frontline workers from the NHS, Kent Fire and Rescue Service, local authorities and other key organisations that I again ask everyone to play their part by staying at home to help save lives.'

You must only leave your home:

• to shop for basic essentials - only when you really need to;
• to do one form of exercise a day - such as a run, walk or cycle, alone or with other people you live with;
• for any medical need - for example, to visit a pharmacy or deliver essential supplies to a vulnerable person;
• to travel to and from work - but only where this is absolutely necessary.

When you are out, you must stay two metres (six feet) away from other people.

### Cadets thank frontline workers

Members of Kent Police's Volunteer Cadets have also created a video thanking frontline workers for their efforts in helping to combat Covid-19, which you can view below.
