```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Drug dealers targeted by specialist officers have been handed prison sentences of more than 135 years between April and December 2020.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealers arrested, charged and jailed following action by the County Line and Gang Team
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/drug-dealers-arrested-charged-and-jailed-following-action-by-the-county-line-and-gangs-team/
publish:
  date: 17:15 12/01/2021
title: Drug dealers arrested, charged and jailed following action by the County Line and Gang Team | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/drug-dealers-arrested-charged-and-jailed-following-action-by-the-county-line-and-gangs-team/
```

Drug dealers targeted by specialist officers have been handed prison sentences of more than 135 years between **April and December 2020.**

Since April the **County Line and Gang Team** arrested 244 suspected county line drug dealers, executed 151 search warrants and seized £156,956 in cash. They also safeguarded people who had been the victim of cuckooing - where dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person to sell drugs.

In December, prison sentences totalling more than 14 years were secured by the team and a number of charges were brought against those believed to be involved in the county line drug supply network.

Those jailed included Donna Bartlett and Matthew Bray, both of Constitution Road, Chatham, who each received a custodial sentence of two years and eight months on 2 December, at Maidstone Crown Court.

Bartlett, 37, and Bray, 43, both admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin and crack cocaine. Additionally, Bartlett admitted possessing heroin and crack cocaine with intent to supply.

Zakariyah Hall of Olive Road, Cricklewood, London was also jailed last month. The 28-year-old admitted controlling two county line phone lines and supplying class A drugs in Maidstone.

Appearing before Maidstone Crown Court, on 26 December 2020, he was sentenced to three years and six months behind bars. The court heard how Hall had been running the 'Dan line' and using a mobile phone to send bulk marketing texts to drug users between 15 August 2019 and 16 September 2020.

A second phone belonging to the 'Jerome line' was found to be sending similar texts between 26 December 2019 and 16 September 2020. The messages were sent frequently and offered cocaine, MDMA and cannabis for sale.

On 16 September, a search warrant was executed at his home address and Hall was arrested. Officers seized two phones and SIM cards connected to Dan and Jerome line texts. They also seized £240 cash.

## Charges authorised

In addition to those serving prison sentences, 40 charges were authorised against people involved in county line drug dealing in December. Included in this figure were a man and a woman from London who were charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine and heroin after they were stopped in Snodland by a patrol, on 7 December 2020.

Zephania Mensah, 23, of no fixed address and Feharri Hemley, 26, of Kimpton Road, London were both arrested and charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. They appeared before Maidstone Crown Court on 6 January 2021.

On 9 December, Alando McNeish, 27, (address needed) was charged with possessing class A drugs with intent to supply. He was arrested after being stopped by the team in Luton Road, Chatham. He appeared before magistrates and admitted the offence and will appear before Maidstone Crown Court for sentence at a future date.

## Warrant executed

On 4 December 2020, officers executed a warrant at a house in Folkestone after intelligence suggested a county line was running from the property. The search revealed the line was no longer in operation but officers were able to safeguard a vulnerable person at the house and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Chief Inspector Matthew Talboys of The County Line and Gang Team said: 'Despite the challenges posed by the global pandemic it has been very much business as usual for the team who have worked tirelessly to disrupt the supply of drugs into Kent by county line dealers.

'We have been successful in securing a significant number of convictions whilst safeguarding vulnerable individuals exploited by these criminals.

'The team has an extensive knowledge of known users and the criminals attempting to operate in our towns and every arrest we make brings us closer to dismantling more county lines.
