```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A twelfth person has been charged by detectives investigating the alleged cultivation of cannabis on an industrial scale.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Twelfth person charged with conspiring to supply cannabis
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/twelfth-person-charged-for-conspiring-to-supply-cannabis/
publish:
  date: 13:55 01/10/2020
title: Twelfth person charged with conspiring to supply cannabis | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/twelfth-person-charged-for-conspiring-to-supply-cannabis/
```

A twelfth person has been charged by detectives investigating the alleged cultivation of cannabis on an industrial scale.

On Wednesday 30 September 2020, officers in the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate charged **Ylber Perhati** with conspiring to produce the class B drug.

The 38-year-old, of Mungo Park Road, Rainham, London, appeared before Medway Magistrates' Court on Thursday 1 October and has been remanded in custody to appear at Maidstone Crown Court on Thursday 29 October.

His charge comes after Kent Police officers carried out warrants at addresses in **Ashford** , **Canterbury** , **Maidstone** and **Sheerness** on **12 August**. Additional searches took place in **Bristol** , **Essex** , **Hertfordshire** and **London** , with assistance provided by Hertfordshire Constabulary, Avon and Somerset Police and the Metropolitan Police.

Eleven men have previously been charged with conspiring to supply cannabis. They are:

 * **Hekuran Perhati** , 33, of Victoria Crescent, Ashford;
 * **Ndue Paluca** , 29, of Maple Street, Sheerness;
 * **Klevis Prenga** , 31, of no fixed address;
 * **David Toal** , 49, of Waterside in London Colney, Hertfordshire;
 * **Dashmair Disha** , 34, of no fixed address;
 * **Drilon Disha** , 36, of no fixed address;
 * **Fation Perhati** , 28, of Mungo Park Road in Rainham, east London;
 * **Doris Perhati** , 24, of Week Street, Maidstone;
 * **Brooklyn Selita** , 18, of Falcon Way in Harrow, Greater London;
 * **Kejvi Leba** , 20, of Mill Lane, Watton-at-Stone;
 * **Adrian Toma** , 23, of no fixed address.

They will next appear at Maidstone Crown Court on 11 December. Dashmair Disha, Mr Toal and Mr Paluca have been released on bail and the others have been remanded in custody.
