```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A total of eight incidents have been reported in Canterbury and Ashford since Wednesday 31 March.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning after people posing as police officers in east Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-after-people-posing-as-police-officers-in-east-kent/
publish:
  date: 16:08 01/04/2021
title: Warning after people posing as police officers in east Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-after-people-posing-as-police-officers-in-east-kent/
```

Residents in **east Kent** are being reminding to be on their guard against people posing as police officers following a number of reports this week.

Kent Police has received five reports in **Canterbury** and three in **Ashford** since **Wednesday 31 March**.

On each occasion the victim reported they were contacted by someone impersonating a police officer from London, stating they have arrested someone with payment cards in the victim's name.

The victim was then asked to either transfer money or withdraw money from the bank account and to purchase high value items to assist with the investigation and that a courier would then collect these items.

Detective Sergeant Marc Cananur from the Economic Crime Unit said: 'Thankfully on these occasions no money was handed over, but these incidents can cause stress and anxiety.

'A police force will never ask a member of the public for their bank details or money over the phone. Neither will they ask you to withdraw cash or purchase high value items or hand over your credit/debit cards to a courier to assist with an investigation.

'If you receive one of these calls hang up, however, if you are unsure, then ask the caller for their details, then either use another phone or wait five minutes and ring a family member or friend to ensure the line is clear and then ring 101 for the police or the number on the back of your bank card.

'I would also urge people to remind their elderly and vulnerable family members, friends or neighbours of this advice.'

## Advice

 * Never hand over any money, or other items, to a courier after receiving this type of call.
 * If you are not confident a person claiming to be a police officer is genuine, ask to take their details and then end the call.
 * You can also contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040, or report suspicious activity online by visiting their website.
 * The matter can also be reported to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or by using the online form.
