```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A jail term has been imposed on a man who injured a shop worker with a knife during an attempted robbery.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for man who injured shop worker with a knife
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/jail-for-man-who-injured-shop-worker-with-a-knife/
publish:
  date: 16:21 12/01/2021
title: Jail for man who injured shop worker with a knife | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/jail-for-man-who-injured-shop-worker-with-a-knife/
```

Richard Champion, pictured in a CCTV image from the day of the attempted robbery

A jail term has been imposed on a man who injured a shop worker with a knife during an attempted robbery.

**Richard Champion** caused a small cut to his victim's finger as the man attempted to shut him out of a shop in **Westgate-on-Sea** in **March 2020**.

The 27-year-old, formerly of Oxford Street, Margate, admitted attempted robbery, possession of a knife and two counts of shoplifting at Canterbury Crown Court on 16 December 2020.

He was brought back before the same court on Friday 8 January 2021 and jailed for three years and three months.

## Thefts

Champion's first offence took place on the morning of **Wednesday 11 March 2020** , when he entered a supermarket in **Grange Road, Ramsgate** and stole steaks, milk and chocolate worth around £200 in total.

Two days later, he was standing outside a supermarket in **Station Road, Westgate-on-Sea** before it was due to open.

A shop worker told him the store was not due to open for another hour and became suspicious of Champion, who had his face obscured with a scarf.

As the shop worker attempted to close the store's electronic doors, Champion drew a knife and tried to stop the door closing, cutting the man's finger in the process.

## Arrest

On **Monday 23 March** , Champion hid around £700 worth of cosmetics in his trousers at another store, this time in **Margate High Street** , before leaving without paying.

Officers identified Champion from the distinctive striped trousers he was seen wearing in CCTV of the incidents and he was arrested on **Tuesday 24 March**.

PC Adele Marsh, Kent Police's investigating officer, said: 'Champion callously pulled a knife on a man who was merely trying to do his job and the victim could easily have been more seriously injured.

'Kent Police has a zero tolerance approach to knife crime and will seek the prosecution of anyone found in possession of a bladed article, or who uses one to commit an offence.

'The prison sentence handed down in this case shows that the courts also take such offences very seriously and I am pleased this offender has been removed from the streets of Thanet.'
