```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "Daryl Parkin, of Durham Close, Maidstone, was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 22 February 2021 to one year and 10 months\u2019 in jail."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Maidstone man jailed for assaulting woman
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/maidstone-man-jailed-for-assaulting-woman/
publish:
  date: 17:49 22/02/2021
title: Maidstone man jailed for assaulting woman | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/maidstone-man-jailed-for-assaulting-woman/
```

Daryl Parkin

A violent man who stamped on his former partner's head has been jailed.

**Daryl Parkin** , of Durham Close, Maidstone, was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 22 February 2021 to one year and 10 months in jail.

He had previously admitted two counts of actual bodily harm and assault.

On **16 May 2020** the 29-year-old jumped and repeatedly stamped on his victim's head before he started to throw items at her, including a glass ashtray which struck her in her face.

The violence began after the victim asked Parkin about items which had gone missing from her home.

Leaving her injured, Parkin then left the address but his vehicle broke down in Maidstone Road, Maidstone.

He left the car on the road. While searching the area, Kent Police found the victim's driving licence and hair straighteners in a nearby bush.

He was arrested the next day in connection with the offences.

As part of the investigation, he was also charged with two further assaults. The first took place on **26 October 2019** , when he assaulted the same victim after attending a nightclub.

He had previously insisted on joining her, and her friend, and became unhappy when another man had approached her to talk. Upon returning home, Parkin seriously assaulted the woman by kicking and punching her. He then fled the property when officers arrived.

The second assault took place on **7 December**. While driving on the A2 in **Rainham** , he punched the victim in the face before he collided with a wall outside a pub. When the vehicle came to a stop he continued to assault her before he drove away.
Investigating officer PC Scott Spedding said: 'Parkin carried out extremely violent assaults on his victim and caused her significant physical injuries which left her in fear.
'He is clearly a danger to women and poses a risk to them. There is never any excuse for men or women in relationships to resort to violence and domestic abuse is something Kent Police takes very seriously and will continue to do so.'
