```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The collision took place in Canterbury Road, Densole, on 15 November 2018.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorist jailed following fatal collision with motorbike
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/motorist-jailed-following-fatal-collision-with-motorbike/
publish:
  date: 10:02 06/12/2020
title: Motorist jailed following fatal collision with motorbike | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/motorist-jailed-following-fatal-collision-with-motorbike/
```

A motorist who collided with a motorcycle while overtaking, causing its rider fatal injuries, has been jailed.

**Arber Rama** was driving along **Canterbury Road** in **Densole** , near **Folkestone** , at around **6.45pm** on **Thursday 15 November 2018** when his car collided with a motorbike travelling in the opposite direction.

The 25-year-old man who was riding the motorbike suffered fatal injuries and died at the scene. A woman pedestrian who was walking along the roadside suffered a serious injury.

Rama was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving on Thursday 8 October following a trial at Canterbury Crown Court.

The 22-year-old, of Hollowmede, Canterbury, was jailed for three-and-a-half years at the same court on Friday 4 December 2020.

## Overtook in fog

Rama's Mercedes had overtaken one car on Canterbury Road shortly before the collision, which happened in foggy conditions.

His car was then seen straddling the centre line of the road behind a second car as the motorcyclist approached, travelling in the opposite direction.

Rama's vehicle was on the wrong side of the road, thought to be attempting to overtake the second car, when it collided with the motorcycle, causing its rider fatal injuries.

A pedestrian who was walking along a path next to the road was knocked over in the collision and suffered a hairline fracture to her leg.

PC Christopher Oliver-Jones, investigating officer for Kent Police's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said:

'This tragic incident shows how dangerous driving can have a devastating impact on so many lives.
'Arber's dangerous overtaking manoeuvre has ended a young man's life, caused a passing pedestrian a serious injury and will now see him lose his liberty.
'I urge drivers in Kent to heed the tragic consequences of this incident and drive safely and with consideration of other road users at all times.'
