```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: On Sunday 31 January 2021 officers from the Gravesham Community Policing Team, assisted by PCSOs from west Kent, proactively targeted individuals suspected to be involved in anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warnings issued to off-road bikers during day of action in Gravesham
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warnings-issued-to-off-road-bikers-during-day-of-action-in-gravesham/
publish:
  date: 13:50 02/02/2021
title: Warnings issued to off-road bikers during day of action in Gravesham | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warnings-issued-to-off-road-bikers-during-day-of-action-in-gravesham/
```

Warnings have been issued to off-road bikers during a day of enforcement action in **Gravesham**.

On **Sunday 31 January 2021** officers from the Gravesham Community Policing Team, assisted by PCSOs from west Kent, proactively targeted individuals suspected to be involved in anti-social behaviour.

Five section 59 warnings were subsequently given to people seen riding bikes in an inappropriate manner at locations including **Buckland Road** and **Wranglers Lane** in **Luddesdown**.

The warnings mean that if the drivers are found re-offending within the next year, they risk having their bikes seized.

High visibility policing also meant that more than 20 people on bikes were deterred from causing anti-social behaviour in areas including **Thong Lane, Durndale Lane** and **Copthall Road** , all in **Gravesend**.

Officers also seized an off-road bike in Wranglers Lane after the driver was found to have been riding without a licence or insurance.

Four people were also handed tickets in relation to breaching Coronavirus legislation where they were not found to be complying with the current regulations to stay at home. Each person was handed a £200 fine.Chief Inspector Junior Dann, District Commander for Dartford and Gravesham, said: 'We regularly carry out proactive patrols targeting anti-social behaviour and this weekend is an example of this work.

'Only a small minority of people take part in anti-social behaviour, but we understand how their actions can have a disproportionate impact on the wider community.

'Behaving in this manner is unacceptable and we are committed to targeting those who choose to become a nuisance to other people.

'It is really important that anyone affected by anti-social behaviour makes their concerns known to us so we can build an accurate picture of the issue and target suspects.

'Please report your concerns to us via our website, or by calling 101. In the event of an emergency, call 999.'
