```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Dylan Monks committed the offences in October 2020.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar jailed after cars stolen from homes in Gravesend and Dartford
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/burglar-jailed-after-cars-stolen-from-homes-in-gravesend-and-dartford/
publish:
  date: 17:15 24/02/2021
title: Burglar jailed after cars stolen from homes in Gravesend and Dartford | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/burglar-jailed-after-cars-stolen-from-homes-in-gravesend-and-dartford/
```

A burglar who stole cars from homes in **Gravesend** and **Dartford** has been jailed for over two years.

The vehicles were stolen by **Dylan Monks** in October 2020 and were found abandoned in Medway a short time after the burglaries were reported to Kent Police.

The 19-year-old, of Southbury Road, Enfield, admitted two burglaries and was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Monday 15 February to two years and five months' imprisonment.

Monks' first offence was reported to Kent Police at around **4pm** on **7** **October** , when a woman returned to her home in **Downs Avenue** , Dartford, to find her car was not where she had left it.

The victim then noticed a spare key had been stolen from a cupboard and her vehicle was found by Kent Police officers in Charter Street, Chatham, the following day.

Over the course of the investigation, officers were able to recover privately held CCTV from a nearby address which placed the teenager at the scene.

CCTV of the offence committed in Thomas Drive on 15 October.

Monks was then one of three people who forced open the front door of a property in **Thomas Drive** , Gravesend, on **15 October**. Two cars were subsequently stolen from the address.

An occupant of the home saw the cars being driven off their driveway and immediately called Kent Police. Officers found both cars abandoned in Mierscourt Road, Rainham, a short time later and went on to detain **Kanie Russel** l close to the scene. A teenage boy was also arrested nearby.

Monks was not located during the search, however further enquiries led to him being identified a co-offender.

He was detained twelve days later, when officers went to his address to apprehend him.

Russell, 19, of Green Lane, Ilford, has also admitted the burglary offences committed on 15 October. He will be sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Thursday 4 March.

A third defendant, a 17-year-old boy from Hornchurch, has also pleaded guilty to the burglary committed on 15 October. He will be sentenced at Barkingside Youth Court on Monday 15 March.

Police Constable Ben Slocombe, Kent Police's investigating officer for the offence, said: 'In a very short space of time Monks has shown himself to be a repeat thief. He committed the offences for senseless reasons and in doing so left the victims feeling anxious in their own homes.
'I am pleased that we were able to gather sufficient evidence which left him with no option but to plead guilty and hope this result provides the victims with a degree of reassurance.

'I suspect it is very likely Monks would have continued to offend if he was not stopped when he was, and north Kent is a safer place with him in custody.'
