```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: In total 465 vehicles were stopped while Kent Police supported a national road safety campaign, with 224 people arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of a substance.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Over 200 people arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences in December
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/over-200-people-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-or-drug-driving-offences-in-december/
publish:
  date: 09:22 09/01/2021
title: Over 200 people arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving offences in December | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2101/over-200-people-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-or-drug-driving-offences-in-december/
```

More than two hundred drink or drug driving arrests were made by Kent Police officers in **December 2020**.

In support of a national policing campaign, which runs each festive period, officers from the Roads Policing Unit carried out proactive patrols to target motorists who were suspected to be a danger to other road users.

Their efforts were supported by other teams from across the county and, between them, 465 vehicles were stopped over the course of the month.

In total, 224 people were arrested on suspicion of driving while impaired and 60 charges have already been authorised. Enquiries into most of the other cases remain ongoing.

The Roads Policing Unit will continue to patrol the county's roads to identify dangerous drivers before they cause a collision.

Driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs is known to be one of the four most common causes of a fatal collision, alongside not wearing a seatbelt, using a mobile phone at the wheel and speeding.

All motorists are encouraged to take personal responsibility for ensuring they are fit to drive before they take to the wheel.

They are particularly asked to remember that, although they are unable to attend a social gathering or visit a pub, drinking at home can still leave them over the limit the following morning.

Detective Inspector Lee Neiles, from Kent Police's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: 'Driving under the influence of drink or drugs is a completely avoidable offence.

'Only a small minority of motorists choose to disobey this most fundamental principle of road safety but those who do risk killing themselves and others.

'That is why we take offending of this nature exceptionally seriously and, throughout the year, take measures to ensure the roads are safe.

'We will always seek to take the most robust, but proportionate, enforcement action against any offender.

'Anyone who drives while impaired risks the loss of their driving licence and a criminal conviction. This could lead to them losing their job, which in turn will seriously impact their ability to provide for their family.

'Think before you get behind the wheel and, if you have had a drink, never drive.'
