```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Homeowners are reminded of advice to deter bogus callers following concerns raised by residents in the Sevenoaks area.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Aggressive door-to-door sellers in and around Sevenoaks
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/complaints-of-aggressive-door-to-door-sales-in-and-around-sevenoaks/
publish:
  date: 16:02 25/02/2021
title: Aggressive door-to-door sellers in and around Sevenoaks | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/complaints-of-aggressive-door-to-door-sales-in-and-around-sevenoaks/
```

Homeowners are reminded of advice to deter aggressive door-to-door sellers following concerns raised by residents in the **Sevenoaks** area.

The sellers, sometimes referred to as 'Nottingham Knockers' often travel from out of the county and offer items for sale such as dishcloths and other cleaning materials.

Over the past week Kent Police has received a number of complaints concerning incidents in the town, as well as in nearby areas including **Chipstead, Seal** and **Dunton Green.**

Residents have reported that when they declined to buy items the seller has sometimes become confrontational and verbally abusive, before leaving.

Sevenoaks crime prevention officer, PCSO Lisa Kindell-Beaton, said: 'While some people who canvass door-to-door are genuine, we always advise residents to be cautious about who they open their door to. 'Remember, if you are unsure who is knocking at your door you don't need to open it. If you do answer the call, close the door and use the door chain if you have one. If they are genuine callers, they will not mind you doing this. 'Callers should - at the very least - produce proof of identification which can be traced. Check their credentials, including a permanent business address and landline telephone number. Mobile phone numbers given on business cards are often pay-as-you-go which are difficult to trace.'

## Further advice

Consider fitting extra security measures such as spy holes, door locks and intruder alarms.

If you have any doubts about whether a caller is genuine, ask them to leave and come back at a time convenient to you and when you've had a chance to ask someone to be with you. Don't be afraid to turn people away.

Always ensure rear doors and windows are shut and locked when answering your front door.

Call police if you suspect cold callers may be bogus. Report any suspicious behaviour by calling **101** , or if a crime is in progress dial **999.**
