```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Witnesses are sought by officers investigating a series of disturbances in and around the New Ash Green area which left a man suffering multiple injuries.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Disturbances in the New Ash Green area
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2012/disturbances-in-the-new-ash-green-area/
publish:
  date: 14:35 31/12/2020
title: Disturbances in the New Ash Green area | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2012/disturbances-in-the-new-ash-green-area/
```

Witnesses are sought by officers investigating a series of disturbances in and around the **New Ash Green** area which left a man suffering multiple injuries.

Kent Police was called at **3.50pm** on **Wednesday 30 December 2020** , to reports of fights involving a large number of people in a playing field and car park off **Punch Croft** , New Ash Green.

Those involved are said to have been wearing face masks and balaclavas and were carrying weapons including baseball bats.

## Linked assault

The occupants of two cars, also alleged to have been at the scene, are then believed to have been involved in a separate incident a short distance away in **Hartley** , where an 18-year-old man was assaulted at the junction of **Church Road** and **Gorsewood Road.**

Police and ambulance crews attended, and the injured man was taken to a London hospital where he remains with injuries which are not believed to be life threatening.

Officers have carried out searches at several locations which have led to the recovery of a golf club and a sheath for a knife.

A car abandoned in Barnfield Park, has also been seized.

Police are also carrying out house-to-house enquiries and exploring any possible CCTV opportunities.

## Can you help?

Detective Chief Inspector Rachael Cumberland said: 'We are treating these incidents as connected and believe those involved are known to each other. We also recognise the alarm and distress that public disorder such as this can cause to communities and will have enhanced patrols in these areas to hopefully provide further reassurance to residents. 'I would urge anyone with information who has not yet spoken to police to call us. Please also check any doorbell cameras you may have, or other home security CCTV systems which may contain important evidence. Drivers who may have been in these areas are also asked to check dash cams.'

If you have information call Kent Police on **01622 604100** , quoting reference 46/228823/20.

You can also contact Kent Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or by using the online form.
