```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Two violent robbers who broke into an elderly couple&#39;s home and threatened them with a knife have been jailed for a total of twenty-two years.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Robbers who targeted elderly couple in Canterbury jailed for 22 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/robbers-who-targeted-elderly-couple-in-canterbury-jailed-for-22-years/
publish:
  date: 17:11 12/02/2021
title: Robbers who targeted elderly couple in Canterbury jailed for 22 years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/robbers-who-targeted-elderly-couple-in-canterbury-jailed-for-22-years/
```

Peter Savage (left) and Daniel Hake (right)

Two violent robbers who broke into an elderly couple's home and threatened them with a knife before the man was forced to withdraw money have been jailed for a total of twenty-two years.

**Peter Savage** and another man entered the home of the couple in the **Sturry Road** area of Canterbury in the early hours of **26 February 2020** before dragging one of the occupants, a man in his eighties, out of bed.

The man's wife, who is in her nineties, was threatened with a knife as she lay in bed and the man was cut behind the ear and punched as he tried to protect her.

## Robbery

The intruders then stole the victim's bank card and demanded his pin before leaving in his vehicle. They later returned and the elderly man was taken to a local Post Office.

**Daniel Hake** , who had acted as a lookout during the robbery, stayed at the elderly couple's home and the male victim was told that if he didn't comply with their demands, his wife would be killed. £500 was then withdrawn from his account.

The victim was then taken home and the three robbers left with the money, as well as jewellery, watches, mobile phones and perfumes.

## DNA

The victim contacted Kent Police and officers from the Chief Constable's Crime Squad identified Savage from local CCTV. Hake's DNA was meanwhile found on a bottle he had drunk from and the two men were arrested on 10 March.

Savage admitted robbery and Hake was found guilty of the same charge on 22 October 2020 following a trial at Canterbury Crown Court.

On 12 February 2021, Savage, 41, formerly of New Town Street, Canterbury, was jailed for 12 years and Hake, 38, of no fixed address, was given a 10-year sentence.

Savage's sentence included terms for being concerned in the supply of heroin and cocaine, after the drugs were found at his former home in **Craddock Road, Canterbury** in 2019.

## Appeal

Detective Sergeant Jay Robinson, of Kent Police's Chief Constable's Crime Squad, said: 'This incident must have been terrifying for these two elderly victims as the robbers put them through a protracted ordeal in their own home.

'I am pleased the court has recognised the seriousness of the offences and imposed substantial prison terms, which will protect the public from these two committed criminals.

'We are still interested in finding out the identity of the third man involved in this robbery and I urge anyone with any information to call Kent Police on 01843 222289, quoting reference 46/36253/20.'
