```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Harvested cannabis and more than two hundred and fifty plants have been seized from inside a hidden room at a property in Edenbridge.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cultivated cannabis seized from hidden room in Edenbridge
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/cultivated-cannabis-seized-from-hidden-room-in-edenbridge/
publish:
  date: 09:45 17/03/2021
title: Cultivated cannabis seized from hidden room in Edenbridge | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/cultivated-cannabis-seized-from-hidden-room-in-edenbridge/
```

Harvested cannabis and more than two hundred and fifty plants have been seized from inside a hidden room at a property in **Edenbridge**.

At around **7am** on **Monday 15 March 2021** , officers executed three search warrants in the town.

## Hidden room

While searching an outbuilding at an address in **Hever Road** , they found a door concealed behind some shelving that led to a hidden room.

Inside, the officers located equipment used for the cultivation of cannabis plants and an area where harvested cannabis bud was drying.

Officers arrested five local men, two aged 21 and the others aged, 43, 45 and 57, on suspicion of drugs offences. All were taken into custody and were later released pending further investigation.

District Commander for Sevenoaks, Chief Inspector Mark Stubberfield, said: 'We are keen to hear from anyone who suspects that a cannabis factory may be operating in their area.
'Signs can include windows being permanently covered from the inside and vents protruding from the roof tiles.
'Often a strong smell can be detected coming from the building and on occasions this can seep through walls to adjacent properties.
'Other indicators include compost bags and other gardening equipment in the garden or close to the back door without any clear indication of normal gardening activity.'

## Advice

Anybody who suspects cannabis is being cultivated at an address in their neighbourhood is urged to contact Kent Police online or by calling **101**.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling **0800 555111** or using the anonymous online form on their website.
