```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Men claiming to be from the water board have targeted residents in Ashford and Folkestone.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning following distraction burglaries in East Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-following-distraction-burglaries-in-east-kent/
publish:
  date: 10:16 18/09/2020
title: Warning following distraction burglaries in East Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/warning-following-distraction-burglaries-in-east-kent/
```

Residents in **East Kent** are warned to be on their guard following reports of distraction burglaries in the region.

On **Friday 11 September 2020** at **2pm** it is alleged that two men approached a property on **Beaver Lane, Ashford**. They claimed to be from the water board and whilst one of the men was speaking to the victim the other is said to have entered the property.

Later the same day three men approached a property on J **ulian Road, Folkestone** and also claiming to be from the water board.

It is alleged the men then entered the property and asked the victim to go to the kitchen and turn the taps on and off. The victim then felt something wasn't right and became distressed. It is then claimed the three men fled with cash and jewellery.

Inspector Jason Atkinson said: 'Distraction thieves prey on the most vulnerable and try to take advantage of a person's trusting and good nature.

'It is important that residents are vigilant to this type of crime and be alert to unexpected callers.

'There are many ways you can protect yourself including making sure rear doors and windows are shut and locked when answering your front door; fitting extra security measures such as spy holes, door chains, door locks and intruder alarms and always checking the ID of cold callers.

'If in doubt about a doorstep caller, ask them to leave and come back at a more convenient time when a family member or friend can be with you.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information is asked to call 01843 222289, quoting crime reference 46/163464/20.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555111 or visiting their website.
