```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Car owners in Tunbridge Wells are being reminded to remove valuable items and keep vehicles secure to deter opportunist thieves.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning after cars targeted overnight in Tunbridge Wells
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/warning-after-cars-targeted-overnight-in-tunbridge-wells/
publish:
  date: 15:17 19/05/2020
title: Warning after cars targeted overnight in Tunbridge Wells | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/warning-after-cars-targeted-overnight-in-tunbridge-wells/
```

Car owners in **Tunbridge Wells** are being reminded to remove valuable items and keep vehicles secure to deter opportunist thieves.

The advice comes after a number of reported overnight thefts and attempted thefts in **High Brooms** and **Southborough.**

## Theft

Between **10** and **11 May** , sunglasses and cash were reported stolen from a car in **Colebrook Road** and at around **9.15pm** on **16 May,** a suspect was seen trying to get into a car parked on a driveway in **Woodland Road.**

A group of young people were also reported to be trying car door handles in **Draper Street** during the early hours of **17 May**. Later that morning, the owner of a car left overnight in **Hopwood Gardens** found somebody had searched the glovebox but had left empty-handed.

Inspector David Higham of the Tunbridge Wells Community Safety Unit said: 'We suspect opportunist thieves may be visiting the area during the hours of darkness looking for insecure cars or vehicles with expensive items on show.

'While we are investigating these offences, I would urge car owners to make sure you lock all doors and close windows whenever you leave the vehicle. Never leave anything valuable on display and if possible remove it from the car overnight.

'My officers continue to patrol these areas and I would urge anybody who sees someone on foot or in a vehicle acting suspiciously to contact us.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information should call **01622 604100** , quoting crime reference 46/84322/19.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling **0800 555 111** or using the anonymous online form.
