```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A 48-hour dispersal order was put in place in the town as part of officers&#39; response to reports of nuisance behaviour.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Work to target anti-social behaviour in Ramsgate sees twenty people dispersed by police
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/work-to-target-anti-social-behaviour-in-ramsgate-town-centre-sees-twenty-people-dispersed-by-police/
publish:
  date: 15:42 25/11/2020
title: Work to target anti-social behaviour in Ramsgate sees twenty people dispersed by police | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/work-to-target-anti-social-behaviour-in-ramsgate-town-centre-sees-twenty-people-dispersed-by-police/
```

Twenty people were dispersed from **Ramsgate** town centre as part of work by Kent Police to target anti-social behaviour.

From **6pm on Friday 20 November 2020,** a 48-hour dispersal order was in place, which gave officers additional powers to move on those who were found to be causing nuisance behaviour in the town.

Officers from Thanet's Community Policing Team were joined by town centre officers and PCSOs from the Problem Solving Task Force, who carried out additional patrols during the weekend, dispersing people each day.

The targeted approach was in response to local concerns regarding reports of drug-taking, criminal damage and the misuse of alcohol in recent weeks.

Anyone who received an order to disperse had to leave the area immediately for up to 48 hours and, if they returned during that time, they would risk being arrested.

Thanet District Commander Chief Inspector Rhiannan Pepper said: 'During current Covid restrictions, people should not be out gathering in groups as they pose not only a risk to themselves, but others too.

'Regardless of lockdown rules, it is not acceptable that residents and businesses in Ramsgate should put up with feeling intimidated by those behaving anti-socially. Fortunately it is a small minority who are responsible for such behaviour but we will not tolerate it.

'We will be monitoring the situation over the coming weeks and ask that anyone who witnesses any act of anti-social behaviour, report it so we can take appropriate action.'
