```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Paul Cox jumped and landed with both feet onto the victim&#39;s head. He also stole a mobile phone and &#163;50 in cash.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chatham robber who jumped on victim&#39;s head jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-robber-who-jumped-on-victims-head-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:52 03/12/2020
title: Chatham robber who jumped on victim&#39;s head jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-robber-who-jumped-on-victims-head-jailed/
```

A robber who jumped onto a man as they lay on the floor, landing with both of his feet on their head, has been jailed for four and a half years.

**Paul Cox** subjected the victim, who is a former friend, to an unprovoked attack in **Chatham** town centre before rifling through his pockets as he lay injured on the floor.

The 24-year-old, of Charter Street, Chatham, admitted robbery and was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Wednesday 2 December 2020.

## High Street encounter

The offence took place on **2 November** after Cox saw his former friend shopping in **High Street**. Prior to the encounter, he had also sent him threatening messages over social media.

Fearing that a violent altercation would take place in front of his family, the victim left the scene. On returning to the high street to meet his relatives, Cox appeared and launched his attack on the victim.

The offender repeatedly punched, kicked and stamped on the victim before searching through his pockets and stealing £50 in cash, bank cards and a smart phone. He then walked away before running back and jumping, landing both feet on the victim's head.

Several members of the public came to assist the injured man, who also received treatment from an ambulance crew, but did not require hospital treatment.

Cox was arrested later the same day and officers went on to find the stolen phone at his address. He also fully admitted the attack.

Cox was promptly charged and has been remanded in custody since his arrest.

## Savage attack

Police Constable Colin Cherry, from Kent Police's Chief Constable's Crime Squad, said: 'Cox subjected the victim to a savage, unprovoked attack on a busy high street.

'The assault was committed for completely senseless reasons and could have easily caused more serious injuries.

'I would like to praise the actions of the members of public at the scene who contacted emergency services and took care of the victim until paramedics arrived.

'There is no place in society for any individual who is willing to use such violence against another person.

'I am pleased that Cox has been given a robust prison sentence and will not be in a position to cause further harm to the people of Kent and Medway.'
