```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: An appeal has been issued by investigators following a report of a robbery in St John&#39;s Avenue, Sittingbourne.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal \u2013 Sittingbourne robbery at shop"
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2102/appeal--sittingbourne-robbery-at-shop/
publish:
  date: 08:24 10/02/2021
title: "Appeal \u2013 Sittingbourne robbery at shop | Kent Police"
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2102/appeal--sittingbourne-robbery-at-shop/
```

Investigators have issued an appeal for information following a report of a robbery in **Sittingbourne**.

At around **7pm** on **Saturday 16 January 2021** , three men entered a shop in **St John 's Avenue** where two shop assistants were working.

## Weapon

It is alleged one of the men, who was holding a bladed weapon, threatened a staff member while the other two suspects stole a quantity of tobacco.

The second shop assistant is reported to have been assaulted and the men then stole cash and some bottles of alcohol before leaving the premises.

## Descriptions

One of the suspects is described as wearing a black coat, white or grey gloves, black tracksuit bottoms with a white stripe down the legs and black trainers. He was carrying a green holdall and had a black face mask.

The second had a blue coat with a grey hooded top underneath, blue or grey gloves, a black hat, grey jogging bottoms and black trainers. He was wearing a blue surgical face mask.

The third suspect is described as wearing a dark coat, grey jogging bottoms, dark trainers, a dark woollen hat and a blue surgical face mask. He had black and orange gloves.

Investigating officer, PC Harry Groves, of the Chief Constable's Crime Squad, said: 'While investigators are completing enquiries in the area, including the examination of CCTV footage, we are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the incident or saw somebody acting suspiciously, to contact us.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information that may assist the investigation is urged to call the appeal line on **01795 419119** , quoting crime reference 46/8283/21.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling **0800 555111** or using the anonymous online form on their website.
