```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A drug dealer who sold crack cocaine and heroin for a county line in Folkestone has been jailed.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Folkestone county line drug dealer is jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/folkestone-county-line-drug-dealer-is-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:29 05/03/2021
title: Folkestone county line drug dealer is jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/folkestone-county-line-drug-dealer-is-jailed/
```

Drug dealer Demetri John-Lewis has been jailed.

A drug dealer who sold crack cocaine and heroin for a county line in **Folkestone** has been jailed.

**Demetri John-Lewis** , 29, was identified as operating the 'CC' line in the town during a joint operation by Kent Police and the Metropolitan Police.

He was arrested in March 2020 and was found guilty of being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin following a trial at Canterbury Crown Court.

John-Lewis, of Woodchester Square, Paddington, west London, was jailed for four years at the same court on Monday 1 March 2021.

## Investigation

Officers from the Metropolitan Police and Kent Police identified messages being sent to drug users in Folkestone from the 'CC' line in January and February 2020.

Investigations led to John-Lewis being identified as involved and he was stopped as he travelled in a car in **Brockman Road, Folkestone** on **Saturday 3 March 2020**.

He was in possession of more than £1,000 in cash and the mobile phone used to operate the drugs line.

## Second dealer

Further investigation led to officers identifying **Joan Gorman** as assisting in the operation of the line and the sale of drugs.

Gorman was arrested in **Military Road, Hythe,** the day after John-Lewis's arrest and she was charged with and later admitted being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

Gorman, 42, of Marine Terrace, Folkestone, was given a two-year sentence, suspended for two years, at Canterbury Crown Court on Monday 1 March.

## Clampdown

Detective Constable Jake Griffiths, of Kent Police's County Line Team, said: 'Kent Police is determined to disrupt and shut down county line activity at every turn and this investigation has resulted in another drug dealer being taken off the streets.

'As well as the impact on vulnerable people in our communities and their families, the sale of class A drugs leads to further crime and anti-social behaviour.

'My team will continue to seek out drug dealers and anyone else involved in organisations like this one and bring them to justice.'
