```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a spate of attempted thefts from cash machines at banks and building societies.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thieves target cash machines in Tonbridge, Paddock Wood and Tenterden
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/thieves-target-cash-machines-in-tonbridge-paddock-wood-and-tenterden/
publish:
  date: 14:25 11/01/2021
title: Thieves target cash machines in Tonbridge, Paddock Wood and Tenterden | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/thieves-target-cash-machines-in-tonbridge-paddock-wood-and-tenterden/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a spate of attempted thefts from cash machines in **Tonbridge, Paddock Wood** and **Tenterden**.

The offences are being linked by investigating officers and have taken place at separate branches of banks and building societies.

The first incident happened in **Paddock Wood,** at around **2.30am** on **Friday 8 January 2021**.

It is reported that at least three people tried to force entry to a cash machine inside a Nationwide Building Society premises in **Commercial Road.**

The suspects left empty handed in the direction of Maidstone Road.

## Further attempts

On **Saturday 9 January** , also at around **2.30am** , an HSBC bank was targeted in **Tonbridge High Street**.

It is reported four people wearing hooded tops used a crowbar and a sledgehammer to smash through a door.

Once inside they tried to force open a cash machine. No money was stolen and the suspects fled on foot.

A third offence, also believed to be linked, was reported at **2.25am** on **Monday 11 January** , when an entrance to a Nationwide branch in **Tenterden High Street** was forced.

Unsuccessful attempts were made to steal from a cash machine inside the building. The suspects left the scene and no money was stolen.

## Can you help?

Officers are continuing to carry out a number of enquiries, including forensic analysis of the crime scenes.

Residents are now asked to check any doorbell cameras or CCTV systems which may have important footage.

Drivers are also urged to review dashcams they may have which could assist the investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to call Kent Police on **01622 604100** , quoting reference 46/5071/21.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111, or by using the online form.
