```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Information sought after windows deliberately broken at Hospices of Hope charity shops in Sevenoaks, Tunbridge Wells, Tonbridge and Faversham
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminal damage to charity shops across west Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2007/criminal-damage-to-charity-shops-across-west-kent/
publish:
  date: 16:18 03/07/2020
title: Criminal damage to charity shops across west Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2007/criminal-damage-to-charity-shops-across-west-kent/
```

Information is being sought by officers investigating incidents of criminal damage to charity shops in areas of west Kent.

It has been reported that over the past month windows have been deliberately broken at stores run by the Hospices of Hope charity, in **Tunbridge Wells, Tonbridge** and near **Sevenoaks.**

The incident in Tunbridge Wells took place overnight between **Wednesday 1 July** and **Thursday 2 July 2020** , at a shop in **Mount Pleasant Road**.

Several front and side windows were shattered.

## Further offences

Officers believe the damage may be linked to previous offences at other locations.

Between **28 and 29 June** , windows were broken at a Hospices of Hope shop in **Tonbridge High Street** , while on **9 June** a branch in **Otford High Street** was also damaged.

The charity has also reported damage to shops in **Faversham** and in areas outside of Kent, including Bexley and Pimlico in central London.

Inspector Dave Higham, of the Tunbridge Wells Community Safety Unit, said: 'These offences have cost the charity around £30,000 to repair. We are keeping an open mind as to whether all of these incidents are linked and the possible motive and urging anyone who may have seen anything suspicious to contact us.

'We are also asking nearby businesses, some of which may have recently been closed during the Covid-19 restrictions, to check their CCTV systems.'

## Can you help?

If you have any information which may assist the investigation call Kent Police on **01622 604100** , quoting reference 46/111918/20.

You can also contact Kent Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555111 or by using the online form.
