```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Five men have been jailed for a total of more than 25 years for their roles in a major cocaine supply network in Tunbridge Wells.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for Tunbridge Wells cocaine supply gang
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/jail-for-tunbridge-wells-cocaine-supply-gang/
publish:
  date: 13:59 15/02/2021
title: Jail for Tunbridge Wells cocaine supply gang | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/jail-for-tunbridge-wells-cocaine-supply-gang/
```

Five men have been jailed for a total of more than 25 years for their roles in a major drugs supply network, which delivered a large quantity of cocaine into **Tunbridge Wells**.

Sales totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds were organised by the gang, which set up 24-hour phone lines to receive orders and courier drugs to local users.

## Phone orders

Customers ordered cocaine using the dedicated phone numbers and provided their postcodes for delivery to be made.

Detectives established that between **March** and **December 2019** the drugs network was being run by an Albanian organised crime group headed by **Drini Dosku** (top left photograph).

Dosku was assisted by **Mark Gjeci** (top right) and together they used couriers, **Elvis Shehu** (bottom centre), **Eldjort Ajazi** (bottom left) and **Endrit Tobli** (bottom right), to deliver the drugs.

An investigation revealed that during this time the phone lines would often be contacted by more than 100 customers **each** day.

## Arrests

Dosku, Gjeci and Shehu were arrested on 19 December 2019, following simultaneous search warrants at two addresses in Orpington. Dosku was living at one of the addresses, in Northlands Avenue, where officers recovered £25,000 in cash as well as quantities of cocaine.

Gjeci and Shehu were arrested at a flat where they were staying, in Orpington High Street. More cash was seized as well as evidence including mobile phone top-up receipts and text messages.

Ajazi, of Northolt Road, Harrow, and Tobli, of Ockham Drive, Orpington, were arrested the following month. Ajazi had previously been stopped in Tunbridge Wells and found to be dealing drugs from his car. DNA evidence on the deal bags provided further evidence of his involvement.

All five were charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine.

## Guilty

At Maidstone Crown Court they pleaded guilty and on Friday 12 February 2021 were sentenced as follows:

 * Dosku, aged 35 - seven years and two months
 * Gjeci, aged 24 - seven years and ten months
 * Shehu, aged 23 - four years and three months
 * Ajazi, aged 33 - three years and nine months
 * Tobli, aged 28 - three years and eight months

Leading the investigation was Detective Constable Steve Brown, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, whose work was commended by Judge David Griffith-Jones QC.

DC Brown said: said: 'It is estimated the gang's drug dealing would have produced an income of more than £450,000. These men have all been brought to justice through a meticulous investigation supported by a series of proactive arrests and robust local policing.
'Six other drugs couriers working for the gang were jailed at previous hearings. The sentences imposed should send a strong message to anyone seeking to supply class A drugs in Kent, that they will be identified, arrested and will spend a significant amount of time in jail.'
