```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Offending can increase over the festive period and help is available for anyone affected.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: No excuse for domestic abuse this Christmas and New Year
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/no-excuse-for-domestic-abuse-this-christmas-and-new-year/
publish:
  date: 10:58 22/12/2020
title: No excuse for domestic abuse this Christmas and New Year | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/no-excuse-for-domestic-abuse-this-christmas-and-new-year/
```

There is no excuse for domestic abuse over Christmas and New Year and help is available for anyone affected.

Although social distancing and isolation rules apply for the county, domestic abuse can increase during the festive period.

The increased amount of time spent indoors, coupled with financial concerns, could lead to an increase in offending however these pressures do not provide an excuse for offenders.

Kent Police saw an increase of over 1,000 domestic abuse incidents across March, April and May compared to the same period the previous year. There were 14,276 such reports in 2020 and 13,260 in 2019.

The increased amount of time spent indoors might make it more difficult for a victim to make a report, but they can be assured that officers remain committed to protecting them and providing the best possible support.

Reports can be made in different ways, including by telephone, or by using the live web chat and online reporting facilities on the Kent Police website.

Victims can also call **999** and, instead of speaking, press **55** if they wish to discreetly bring an incident to the force's attention. Pushing 55 will help let a call handler know a person is in danger but unable to speak.

There are also a host of partner agencies who can provide additional care, particularly for those who may be hesitant to contact the force directly.

Detective Chief Inspector Ian Wadey said: 'Limited contact with the outside world during this pandemic may make you or someone you know feel unsafe but our specialist teams are still here 24/7.

'We really want people to know that it is business as usual for us, officers will respond to calls in the same way and it is important that people know household isolation instructions as a result of coronavirus do not apply if you need to leave your home to escape domestic abuse.

'There are many ways in which you can contact us. In an emergency dial 999 or **101** for non-emergencies. You can also speak to someone via this link.'

## Look out for the signs

DCI Wadey also urged friends and family who are concerned someone is a victim to look for the signs.

'Domestic abuse is not always physical violence. Gaslighting, economic abuse, online abuse, threatening behaviour, emotional and sexual abuse are all forms of domestic abuse so someone who is a victim won't always have visible signs. They may be withdrawn, isolated, have burns or bruises or having their finances controlled.

'We are committed to providing victims with the best possible care and service. This means their wishes are fully taken into account and there is a range of services available through partner agencies to help keep victims of domestic abuse safe.'

## Additional support

Free support not involving the police is also available from:

 * Domestic Abuse Support Services in Kent and Medway, which can be accesed via this link.

 * Kent-based Victim Support, available via this link.
 * The 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on **0808 2000 247**
 * The Respect Phoneline on **0808 802 4040**

 * Childline on **0800 1111**
