```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A cocaine dealer who caught the attention of police in Maidstone after parking his car in an area restricted for buses and taxis has been sentenced to prison.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Maidstone dealer caught after parking in bus and taxi zone
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/maidstone-dealer-caught-after-parking-car-in-bus-and-taxi-zone/
publish:
  date: 11:39 23/10/2020
title: Maidstone dealer caught after parking in bus and taxi zone | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/maidstone-dealer-caught-after-parking-car-in-bus-and-taxi-zone/
```

A cocaine dealer who caught the attention of police in **Maidstone** after parking his car in an area restricted for buses and taxis has been sentenced to prison.

At around **11.30pm** on **5 October 2019** , officers on patrol in the **High Street** noticed a Volkswagen Golf which had stopped in a prohibited area.

The vehicle moved but was followed by a police car and travelled towards the junction with Fairmeadow.

The driver, **Nujnul Islam** , was seen to appear hesitant as he made his way through a series of traffic lights and stopped in St Peter's Street, where the officers illuminated their blue lights.

## Drugs and scales

They spoke to Islam and, suspecting he was involved in the supply of drugs, completed a search of his car.

In the centre console, officers found 19 bags of cocaine. They also seized a mobile phone and two sets of scales.

He was arrested and when his home address was searched £480 in cash was also recovered.

Aged 29, of Conifer Drive, Chatham, Islam was later charged with possessing cocaine with intent to supply.

He appeared at Maidstone Crown Court where he pleaded guilty.

On Wednesday 21 October 2020 he was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison.

## Zero tolerance

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Kate Humpheryes of West Kent CID said: 'Nujnul Islam sought to profit from Maidstone's night time economy. However, by driving through an area used predominantly by pedestrians he came to the attention of a police patrol.

'Our officers remain alert for visiting drug dealers and having been stopped it was only a matter of time before the cocaine was found and Islam arrested.

'This latest prison sentence is just another example of how we operate a zero-tolerance policy to those who target our towns and who bring misery to users, their families and the wider community.'
