```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "Among those jailed was a drug dealer found in possession of a loaded gun and an offender who first came to officers\u2019 attention when he was seen speeding in rural roads."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County line drug offenders jailed for over 30 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2008/county-line-drug-offenders-jailed-for-over-30-years/
publish:
  date: 09:59 07/08/2020
title: County line drug offenders jailed for over 30 years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2008/county-line-drug-offenders-jailed-for-over-30-years/
```

The team's results for July 2020.

Dawn warrants and a rural pursuit led to offenders involved in county lines drug dealing being jailed for 32 years and one month in **July 2020**.

Among those jailed following investigations by Kent Police's County Line and Gang Team was a drug dealer found in possession of a loaded gun and an offender who first came to officers' attention when he was seen speeding in rural roads.

The county-wide team of detectives and constables also received authority to issue 70 new charges, made 25 arrests and seized £10,210 in cash over the same time period.

Detective Chief Inspector Lopa McDermott, who leads the team, said: 'Drug dealers are all too aware of the misery substance abuse causes to users, their families and the wider community. They choose to exploit vulnerable people and make money out of the suffering.

'Much of the drug supply is coordinated by offenders in London, a pattern of offending that is not unique to Kent. Put simply, we have zero-tolerance for such offending and are taking robust action.

'My team of specialist officers have consistently shown that they have the expertise to put together strong cases which leave criminals with no choice but to plead guilty.

'While these cases are being progressed, other officers are on the ground in plain clothes observing and arresting suspected drug dealers. Where there is a need, these same officers will not hesitate to obtain a warrant and force their way into a drug dealer's home to detain them and seize evidence.'

## Imprisoned

Among those jailed in July was a **Gravesend** drug dealer who was arrested during a warrant at his Abbey Wood home. Officers found him in an en-suite, attempting to flush crack cocaine worth £8,000 down a toilet. A further search of his property found a loaded pistol. He admitted drug dealing offences, and possessing a firearm, and was jailed for eight years.

Three year's imprisonment was also given to an offender who was seen by plain-clothed officers supplying Class A substances in **Chatham**. The officers then followed him onto a train and, with nowhere to run, the offender was found in possession of a significant quantity of heroin.

A London-based drug dealer who was heavily involved in supplying heroin and crack cocaine across **Thanet** was also jailed after being targeted at his Sydenham home. Inside officers found heroin and crack cocaine, which was being prepared for sale on the streets, along with a mobile phone with numerous messages detailing the supply of drugs. He was jailed for four and a half years.

An offender who coordinated the supply of heroin and crack cocaine across **Sevenoaks** was jailed for two years and 10 months. He first came to Kent Police's attention after he was seen speeding in Edenbridge and, following a pursuit, officers found him in possession of three mobile phones that were being used to communicate with drug users.

Although numerous cases concluded in July, new arrests and charges made over the same period have led to more suspects being remanded in custody ahead of future court dates.

Among them is a man who was allegedly seen throwing heroin out of the window of a Folkestone home when officers attended to carry out a warrant.

Evidence gathered by plain-clothed officers, who seized a phone from a man walking in a **Chatham** alleyway, also led to a Maidstone man and woman being charged with supplying heroin and crack cocaine.

## Associated offences

While county lines drug dealers are primarily known for travelling to Kent from other areas to sell illegal substances, offending sometimes goes beyond simply supplying the items.

In early July, Kent Police received information that a vulnerable man had been seriously assaulted by three men inside a Gravesend home following a dispute over drugs. Three suspects were promptly identified and all have been remanded in custody ahead of a future appearance in crown court.

In late July two teenaged men from Streatham who are accused of moving into a vulnerable person's home in **Gillingham** to use it as a base to supply heroin and crack cocaine, a practice known as 'cuckooing,' were also charged and remanded in custody.

DCI McDermott added: 'Kent Police is committed to preventing and disrupting the supply of drugs in our county and my team are continuing to work closely with other policing departments, and external agencies, to identify those who are bringing crime to our streets.

'I would encourage anyone with knowledge on the supply of drugs to do their bit by making a report to us, either through our website or by dialling 101. If anyone suspects a crime is in progress, dial 999.'
