```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Detectives have launched an investigation following three robberies that they believe may be linked.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives link robberies in Frittenden, Biddenden and Ruckinge
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2002/detectives-link-robberies-in-cranbrook-biddenden-and-ruckinge/
publish:
  date: 15:31 17/02/2020
title: Detectives link robberies in Frittenden, Biddenden and Ruckinge | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2002/detectives-link-robberies-in-cranbrook-biddenden-and-ruckinge/
```

Detectives have launched an investigation following three robberies that they believe may be linked.

The first incident was reported to have taken place at a house in Digdog Lane, Frittenden between **10.45pm** and **10.58pm** on **Sunday, 9 February 2020**. It is reported three men broke into the victim's home before threatening him and assaulting him. The victim's car was stolen in the incident.

Officers are not ruling out the possibility the incident is linked to an attempted robbery at a house in **Headcorn Road, Biddenden, Ashford** between **10pm** and **10.07pm** on **Saturday, 15 February**. It is reported three men attempted to gain entry to a property by smashing through the door but the occupants acted quickly and called the police before the men made off. Nothing was stolen in the incident.

A few hours later at **1.19am** on **Sunday, 16 February** three men with baseball bats attempted to break into a property in **Bromley Green Road, Ruckinge**. They made off empty-handed after being disturbed.

PC Michael Kingwell, who is investigating said: 'I am not ruling out the possibility that the incidents are linked and officers are currently conducting a number of enquiries and examining CCTV and dashcam footage. I would ask anyone who may have information about the robberies or may have seen a red BMW in the area at around the time of the incidents to contact us.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information can call the appeal line on 01843 222289 quoting reference 46/29650/20. You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or complete the online form.
