```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Officers are investigating four reports of vans being targeted during the same night.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning issued after thieves steal tools from vans in Dover
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/warning-issued-after-thieves-steal-tools-from-vans-in-dover/
publish:
  date: 15:40 25/01/2021
title: Warning issued after thieves steal tools from vans in Dover | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/warning-issued-after-thieves-steal-tools-from-vans-in-dover/
```

Builders, plumbers and tradespeople in the **Dover** area are being advised to take steps to protect their belongings against theft.

The advice comes after four reports were made to police that tools had been stolen from vehicles **overnight between Wednesday 20 and Thursday 21 January 2021**. In all of the reports one or more of the windows of the vehicle were broken.

In **Capel Street, Capel-Le-Ferne** , a DeWalt drill, a DeWalt grinder and a petrol disc cutter were reported stolen from a vehicle **between 11pm on 20 January and 6.30am the following morning**. In **Sun Valley Way, Eythorne** , tools were stolen from a vehicle **between 5pm on 20 January and 7am the following morning**. In **Reach Road, St Margarets At Cliffe** , power tools were reported stolen from a van **between 11pm on 20 January and 7.30am the following morning.**

A van was broken into while parked in **Cherry Waye, Eythorne** , between **8.30pm on 20 January and 6.30am the following morning** , but nothing was taken.

Inspector Fred McCormack from Dover Community Safety Unit said: 'Losing your tools due to crime when you need them for work can be frustrating and disruptive to your job.

'If possible, we ask vehicle owners to empty their vans at the end of the day.

'Also consider parking in a well-lit area, and install CCTV.

'Get your tools security-marked, because if they are stolen, it'll be harder for criminals to sell them on but easier to reunite them with their owners if we recover them.'

## Can you help?

Anyone with information regarding any of these incidents should contact Kent Police on **01843 222289** quoting 46/10723/21.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers in Kent anonymously on 0800 555 111, or by visiting the website.
