```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A man who stole cash from a woman after he saw her using an ATM has been jailed.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gillingham High Street robber jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/gillingham-high-street-robber-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:59 05/03/2021
title: Gillingham High Street robber jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/gillingham-high-street-robber-jailed/
```

A robber who targeted a lone woman as she used a cash machine in **Gillingham** has been jailed.

**Thomas Arnold** pushed the victim from behind after he noticed her attempting to withdraw cash but his offending was clearly captured on CCTV, which officers used to identify him.

The 30-year-old, of New Road, Chatham, admitted robbery and was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday 5 March 2021 to 18 months' imprisonment.

At around **3.15pm** on **Tuesday 5 January 2021** the victim, a woman in her 40s, used a cash machine in the **High Street**.

While waiting for it to dispense £120, she was approached from behind by Arnold. The offender then saw the machine eject the money and pushed the victim to the side, before snatching the money and running away.

The woman was not injured during the incident and chased the offender. She was assisted by a security worker from Medway Council and between them they followed Arnold along the High Street, up Canterbury Street and onto Lock Street. He was last seen running across the Great Lines Recreation Ground.

The incident was reported to Kent Police and investigated by the Chief Constable's Crime Squad.

The team was able to gather CCTV from various sources that captured the offence and Arnold being chased from the scene.

Confident they would find him in the town centre, plain clothed officers from the Crime Squad attended the location on Monday 11 January.

They went on to find him walking in Gillingham High Street and promptly detained him.

After being escorted to Medway Police Station, he was charged with the offence and has been remanded in custody since.

Police Constable Colin Cherry, Kent Police's investigating officer for the case, said: 'Arnold committed an opportunistic offence which naturally caused the victim a great deal of distress.

'There are no mitigating circumstances for his actions and I am pleased that a custodial sentence has been imposed. His imprisonment means he cannot target other innocent victims in such brazen fashion.'
