```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Court results from Ashford, Canterbury, Dover, Shepway and Thanet
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: East Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/jsjd/east-kent/
publish:
  date: 11:13 24/03/2021
title: East Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/jsjd/east-kent/
```

## Dover man sentenced to prison

Bartolomej Balog, aged 27, of Folkestone Road, Dover, was sentenced on 5 March 2021 at Folkestone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to multiple offences in Dover and Folkestone between 24 January 2021 and 5 March 2021.

He pleaded guilty to:

 * theft on 24 January 2021 after stealing goods to the value of £65 from a shop in Dover, going equipped for theft and stealing £55 worth of goods from another shop in Dover
 * theft of £30 worth of goods from two different shops in Dover on 27 January 2021
 * theft from a shop on 28 January 2021 and 30 January 2021 where he stole a total of £28.99 worth of goods
 * possession of a class B drug, namely 0.5g of cannabis on 6 February 2021 in Dover
 * failing to surrender to police at the appointed time on 5 March 2021 in Folkestone

He was sentenced to a total of 120 days in prison and ordered to pay a surcharge of £128.

##

## Man receives disqualification for drink driving in Canterbury

John Dooley, aged 23, of Slapton Road, Bedfordshire was sentenced on 10 March 2021 at Margate Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle above the legal drink drive limit, in Canterbury, on 31 December 2019. When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 68 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35 microgrammes.

He was disqualified from driving for 20 months and fined £162\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £32 and £300 of costs.

##

## Canterbury driver disqualified

Serghei Leanca, aged 43, of Dickens Avenue, Canterbury, was sentenced on 9 March 2021 at Margate Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle above the legal drink drive limit, in Sittingbourne, on 24 January 2021. When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 71 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.

He was disqualified from driving for 20 months and fined £500\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £50 and £85 of costs.

##

## Broadstairs man receives driving ban and fine

Matthew Day, aged 33, of Church Street, Broadstairs, was sentenced on 12 March 2021 at Margate Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving without a license and driving above the legal drink drive limit on 21 June 2020 in Ramsgate.

When stopped he gave a breath test reading of 120 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.

He was disqualified from driving for 60 months and fined £225\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £34 and costs of £310.

##

## Whitstable man receives prison sentence

Derek Phillips, aged 59, of Belmont Road, Whitstable, was sentenced on 15 March 2021 at Margate Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in a public place in Whitstable on 11 December 2019 and failing to surrender to police bail at the appointed time on 15 March 2021.

He pleaded not guilty to assault by beating of an emergency worker and racially aggravated harassment with intent to distress, in Whitstable, on 11 December 2019.

He was sentenced to a total of eight weeks in prison and ordered to pay compensation of £200.

##

## Canterbury receives driving ban

Dumitru Fota, aged 35, of Stodmarsh Road, Canterbury, was sentenced on 16 March 2021 at Folkestone Magistrates' Court.

He pleaded guilty to driving while disqualified and driving without insurance in Canterbury on 28 October 2020.

He was disqualified from driving for two years and fined £250\. He was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £34 and costs of £85.

##

## Ashford woman sentenced for affray

Lilia Ioannou, aged 28, of St Francis Court, Ashford, was sentenced on 17 March 2021 at Maidstone Magistrates' Court.

She pleaded guilty to affray between 13 July and 14 July 2019 at a club in Harrietsham.

She was sentenced to four months in prison suspended for 18 months. She was also ordered to pay a surcharge of £122 and costs of £85.
