```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Alando McNeish of Watersmeet, Chatham, has been jailed after he was found with &#163;28,000 of class A drugs.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chatham drug dealer jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/chatham-drug-dealer-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:01 09/02/2021
title: Chatham drug dealer jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/chatham-drug-dealer-jailed/
```

Alando McNeish has been jailed

A Chatham drug dealer found to have around £28,000 of class A drugs has been jailed for four years.

**Alando McNeish** of Watersmeet, Chatham, was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 8 February 2021 after admitting possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and possession with intent to supply heroin.

The 27-year-old was charged with the offences after he was stopped and searched on **9 December 2020** after he was seen leaving a flat in **Luton Road** , Chatham.

Officers believed he was behaving suspiciously and stopped him and arrested him on suspicion of drug offences.

He was taken to Medway police station where he was searched and found to be in possession of heroin and crack cocaine.

A key to a nearby property was also seized and officers carried out a search of the address under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Inside the flat they found further evidence linking McNeish to the drugs, which included a large quantity of heroin and crack cocaine, scales and a list of names and telephone numbers.

Following enquiries he was charged and admitted the offences.
Investigating officer Detective Constable Stuart Clayton said: 'McNeish was heavily involved in supplying class A drugs to others within the Medway towns and we believe he was not only supplying drugs to vulnerable drug users, but also to county line drug suppliers.
'His sentence reflects the gravity of his offending and I hope it acts as a deterrent to others who may be thinking of becoming involved in this kind of lifestyle.
'Drugs do not pay and we will continue to work hard to tackle and disrupt the supply of drugs within Medway and Kent.'

A 27-year-old woman from Chatham who was also arrested in connection with the investigation and remains under investigation.
