```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Safeguarding vulnerable victims is at the forefront of the work carried out at Kent Police.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Public urged to report signs of sexual exploitation in Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2006/public-urged-to-report-signs-of-sexual-exploitation-in-kent/
publish:
  date: 13:38 17/06/2020
title: Public urged to report signs of sexual exploitation in Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2006/public-urged-to-report-signs-of-sexual-exploitation-in-kent/
```

Safeguarding vulnerable victims is at the forefront of the work carried out at Kent Police as officers work alongside partners and charities to shut down suspected brothels and identify those being exploited.

When people are forced into providing sexual services they are being exploited. This can take place in a variety of locations including brothels, pop-up brothels, massage parlours, hotels and in vehicles.

Those suffering from this abuse, who are transported from one location to the next, regardless of how far and whether they are chaperoned or not, also become victims of human trafficking.

Detective Chief Inspector Steve Mclean said: 'Modern slavery is a hidden crime and it's rare that victims come forward. The exploitation of sex workers is often linked to organised national and international crime networks, involved in human trafficking, drugs and money laundering.

'In many instances, people working in this industry begin their journeys as victims of abuse, trapped in a cycle of poverty, threats and intimidation. It's our duty to safeguard them and bring criminals to justice.'

## Safeguarding

Kent Police has safeguarded 44 victims of sexual exploitation over the past 12 months following investigations involving modern slavery and human trafficking.

Officers and detectives work with other forces and partner agencies to carry out enquiries at premises where they suspect this criminality is taking place.

DCI Mclean added: 'Alongside the work we do to tackle this issue, information provided to us by the public is extremely helpful and we would like to take this opportunity to remind people to report their suspicions straight away. Any information that assists our enquiries to protect victims is vital.

'It is not just adults who are exploited, children are too, and they may be given gifts in exchange for services, including money and drugs. Their vulnerability often sees them tricked into being trafficked into or around the UK. Abusers may also use violence to intimidate or frighten them making them feel they have no other choice.

'We want victims to have the confidence to come forward in the knowledge that Kent Police will do everything within its power to protect vulnerable people, carry out thorough investigations and ensure criminals are brought to justice.'

## Report concerns to us

Members of the public can report crimes or concerns by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Anonymous reports can also be made in confidence to the UK modern slavery helpline 24 hours a day, 365 days a year on 08000 121 700, and also online.

For more information visit:

 * Unseen UK
 * NSPCC

## Warning signs - what to look out for

 * groups of people, usually women, both UK and foreign nationals living at the same address
 * multiple men visiting a property throughout the day and night who only stay for short periods of time
 * adverts nearby promoting services
 * people dressed unsuitably for the time of day or weather conditions
 * people rarely seen outside of the property alone and who may be showing old, perhaps untreated, injuries
 * people frequently chaperoned in cars or taxis
 * young women who may have an unexplained pregnancy
 * new and regularly changing residents
 * someone always speaking on behalf of the women at the property (this could be a man or a woman)
 * changes in the way young people you know may start to dress
 * changes in the way a young person may act or speak, using sexualised language
 * unexplained, sometimes unaffordable new things (e.g. clothes, jewellery, cars etc.)
 * residents or young people you know going missing, maybe for long periods of time
 * young people seen in different cars/taxis driven by unknown adults
 * people seemingly unfamiliar with your community or where they are
 * women walking to and from properties with small suitcases frequently.
