```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Three people have been charged following arrests made by Kent and Essex officers on Wednesday 3 March 2021 including 13 for Kent investigations.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Charges after officers target criminals at Dartford River Crossing
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/suspected-criminals-targeted-at-the-dartford-river-crossing/
publish:
  date: 16:45 05/03/2021
title: Charges after officers target criminals at Dartford River Crossing | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/suspected-criminals-targeted-at-the-dartford-river-crossing/
```

More than £10,000 cash was seized from a property in Gravesend

Three people have been charged following arrests made during a joint operation between Kent and Essex police forces to target suspected criminals crossing the county borders.

On **Wednesday 3 March 2021** officers from both forces patrolled the **Dartford River Crossing** with the aim of disrupting people carrying out criminal activity and regularly moving between Kent and Essex.

The focus was on individuals believed to be involved in drug and violent crime and in Kent the operation was led by the Tactical Operations Unit supported by officers from within the Rural Task Force, Road Safety Team, Proactive Tasking Team and the Local Policing Team.

## Arrests

Of the 18 people arrested during vehicle stops, 13 were for offences being investigated by Kent Police.

• A 23-year-old man from Essex was arrested on suspicion of firearms offences in Kent.

• A 38-year-old man from Dartford was arrested on suspicion of harassment.

• Three men aged 19, 20 and 21 from Gravesend were arrested on suspicion of being concerned with the supply of class B drugs after cannabis was found in the car. The 19-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs.

• Three men aged 21 from Romney Marsh, 20 from Dartford and 23 from Northfleet, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs after cocaine was found in a vehicle. The 23-year-old was also arrested for possession of an offensive weapon after a knuckle duster was discovered and seized by police.

• A man aged 32 from Rochester was detained for driving whilst under the influence of drugs. He was also given a Traffic Offence Report after his car was found to have a defective tyre.

### Charged

Two men aged 23 and 37 from Northfleet and Gravesend respectively were also detained after officers stopped a car and found a kilo of cannabis inside.

Following these last two arrests, a house was searched in Gravesend where officers found a large supply of steroids, cocaine, plastic deal bags and a set of weighing scales.

Cash totalling more than £10,000 was found along with high-value personal possessions including electronic equipment and clothes.

At the property two more people, a 41-year-old man and a 42-year-old woman, were detained on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

• Pawel Wierzbicki, 41, of Vigilant Way in Gravesend, has been charged with possession of drugs with intent to supply, class A (cocaine) and class C (steroids).

• Anna Beila, 42, of Vigilant Way in Gravesend, has been charged with possession of drugs with intent to supply, class A (cocaine) and class C (steroids).

• Mateusz Kron, 37, of Vigilant Way in Gravesend, has been charged with possession of drugs with intent to supply, class B (amphetamine), class B (cannabis) and driving without insurance.

All three appeared at Medway Magistrates' Court on Friday 5 March 2021 and have been remanded in custody to appear in court again at a date to be confirmed.

• The 23-year-old man from Northfleet has been released pending further investigation.

#### Sharing intelligence

Superintendent Mick Gardner of Kent Police said:

'This collaboration between Kent and Essex, including support from the Metropolitan Police, is a terrific example of how we share intelligence in order to stop criminal activity and keep our counties safe.

'Like many other parts of the force, our teams benefit from a close relationship with our counterparts in Essex and this work is a fundamental part of policing.

'We are pleased this operation led to the arrest of a number of individuals and a significant seizure of drugs. We take a zero-tolerance approach to drug-related crime and work continuously with neighbouring forces to target known offenders and bring them to justice.'

Cannabis and steroids were also seized from a property in Gravesend
