```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Two drug dealers found with around &#163;100,000 worth of drugs in Dover have been jailed for a combined nine and a half years.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealers caught with two kilos of heroin and cocaine in Dover are jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/drug-dealers-found-with-two-kilos-of-heroin-and-cocaine-in-dover-are-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:23 03/11/2020
title: Drug dealers caught with two kilos of heroin and cocaine in Dover are jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/drug-dealers-found-with-two-kilos-of-heroin-and-cocaine-in-dover-are-jailed/
```

Jack Moore, pictured left, and Thomas Wood, right.

Two dealers caught with around £100,000 worth of drugs in **Dover** have been jailed for a combined nine and a half years.

**Jack Moore** , 30, and **Thomas Wood** , 44, were stopped by officers acting on intelligence in **Limekiln Street** in March 2020.

In their van, officers found three bricks of heroin and more than 50 wraps of cocaine, which had a total street value of around £100,000.

Moore, of Fincham Road, Liverpool, and Wood, of no fixed address, have since admitted two counts of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

On Friday 30 October, Moore was given a five-year, three-month sentence at Canterbury Crown Court and Wood was sentenced to four years and 87 days.

## Arrests

Officers carrying out a warrant stopped a Ford van which the two men were travelling in near **Dover Marina** on **Friday 13 March**.

Moore ran from an officer and fell from a wall on to a landing below, suffering serious injuries. He was discharged from hospital before facing court.

When officers searched the van they found three bricks of heroin, weighing nearly two kilos, a large number of wraps of cocaine, along with around £3,000 in cash, phones, scales and other drug dealing equipment.

## Leading roles

Detective Constable Laura Corbin, Kent Police's investigating officer, said: 'As the judge found, Moore and Wood were higher up the chain than street dealers, and were playing leading roles in dealing Class A drugs in Kent.

'The drugs we seized as part of this operation would have led to more crime in the county and more misery for vulnerable drugs users and I am pleased to see significant sentences handed down.

'Kent Police is determined to disrupt drug dealing networks and to shut down the activities of those who bring illegal substances into the county from elsewhere.'
