```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The offender was arrested during a cross-border drug investigation overseen by the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cocaine dealer from Chatham jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2103/cocaine-dealer-from-chatham-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:40 09/03/2021
title: Cocaine dealer from Chatham jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2103/cocaine-dealer-from-chatham-jailed/
```

A cocaine dealer from **Chatham** has been jailed for over four years following an investigation by the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate.

**John Murrell** was a front seat passenger in a car that was stopped in **Belvedere** in **November 2020** , following an investigation into cross-border offending.

He was in possession of a bag that contained 300 wraps of cocaine and a search of his house, which took place after his arrest, also led to weighing scales and a knife that had traces of cocaine on it being seized.

The 59-year-old, of Symons Avenue, Chatham, admitted conspiring to supply cocaine and was sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court on Thursday 4 March 2021 to four years and eight months' imprisonment.

Detective Constable Steve Brown, Kent Police's investigating officer for the case, said: 'Murrell was involved in a well organised, and sophisticated, conspiracy to supply cocaine.

'His arrest led to the seizure of a significant amount of cocaine, which would have made its way onto the streets. Instead of making a profit from his offending, he is now facing a considerable amount of time in prison.

'I am pleased that he has faced justice and there will be no let-up in our efforts to target other criminals involved in supplying class A drugs.

'As this case shows, offending outside of our county's borders will not stop us proactively targeting people involved in supplying drugs, and taking robust action.'

Three other men have been charged for their suspected roles in the conspiracy and have denied the allegations.

**Andrew Court** , 55, of Ruskin Road, Belvedere, **Keir Ratcliffe** , 33, of Nursery Road, Meopham, and **Steven Rogers** , 30, of Beverley Road, Bexleyheath, are due to appear for trial at Woolwich Crown Court on a date to be determined.

They have been released on bail ahead of the court date and, in addition to the conspiracy charge, are each accused of possessing a firearm and possessing ammunition for a firearm without a licence.
