```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Roads Policing Units from Kent and Essex Police worked together at the Dartford Crossing on Friday 4 December and primarily targeted unroadworthy vehicles.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Road safety operation in Dartford leads to arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/Drivers-arrested-as-part-of-Dartford-road-safety-operation/
publish:
  date: 14:55 06/12/2020
title: Road safety operation in Dartford leads to arrests | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/Drivers-arrested-as-part-of-Dartford-road-safety-operation/
```

Road Safety Operation

Thirty cars were stopped, and two arrests made, during a road safety operation involving roads policing officers from Kent and Essex Police.

Roads Policing Units from the two forces worked together at the **Dartford Crossing** on **Friday 4 December 2020** and primarily targeted unroadworthy vehicles.

As a result of the work, a 23-year-old man from Abbey Wood, London, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of cannabis and taken into custody. He has since been released, pending further enquiries.

A 49-year-old man from Harlow was also arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of cocaine and he has also been released, pending further enquiries.

## Traffic offences

In addition to the arrests, thirteen motorists were reported for traffic offences. This included six for seatbelts, three for number plates not conforming to specifications, two for defective tyres and a further two for no insurance.

Five vehicles were also stopped and the drivers were warned of their speed.

A further seven graduated fixed penalty notices, worth a combined £1,700, were issued for the offences of excess weight and exceeding driver hours.

One vehicle was also seized for having no insurance.

Sergeant Grant Steele, from Kent Police's Roads Policing Unit, said:

'Like many other departments in Kent Police, our team benefits from a close relationship with our counterparts in Essex.

'Sharing intelligence and partnership work is a fundamental part of policing and, as this day of action shows, helps achieve positive results for the people we serve.'
