```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Drivers urged to check dash cam footage after suspects&#39; vehicle uses A21 and M25 to make getaway.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cash and jewellery stolen in linked Tunbridge Wells burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/cash-and-jewellery-stolen-in-linked-tunbridge-wells-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 11:00 04/09/2020
title: Cash and jewellery stolen in linked Tunbridge Wells burglaries | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2009/cash-and-jewellery-stolen-in-linked-tunbridge-wells-burglaries/
```

Dash cam footage is being sought by detectives investigating two linked burglaries in the **Tunbridge Wells** area.

Drivers may have important images of vehicles used in the break-ins, which are believed to have been carried out by the same offenders.

At around **8pm** on **Sunday 23 August 2020** intruders broke into a house in **Admiral Walk,** by smashing the patio doors.

After stealing cash and valuables including jewellery the four suspects entered a car described as a blue BMW 1 Series.

A suspicious neighbour approached the car and was threatened by one of the suspects with a sharp instrument, before it sped from the scene.

On **Wednesday 26 August** , again at around **8pm** , masked intruders forced their way into a property in **Clifton Road** , where there were two occupants inside.

One of the victims was assaulted and threats were also made with a knife.

The suspects stole money and jewellery and this time left in a vehicle believed to be a silver BMW 3 Series.

## False plates

The BMW 3 Series is known to have travelled along the A21 and onto the M25 in the direction of the Dartford Crossing.

During this time, it is suspected to have been displaying at least two sets of false number plates.

One of these number plates is understood to have started with HK64 and another with YC19.

Both burglaries are being investigated by the Chief Constable's Crime Squad and detectives are urging motorists who may have been in these areas, either before or after the offences took place, to check for any dashcam footage which may assist their enquiries.

Local residents are also asked to check home security CCTV or doorbell cameras.

## Can you help?

Anyone with information is asked to call **01622 604100** , quoting crime reference 46/152231/20.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555111 or by using the online form.
