```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A prolific gang of burglars has been jailed after breaking into homes across Kent to steal car keys and then take vehicles from driveways.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific burglary gang jailed after stealing cars from across Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/prolific-burglary-gang-jailed-after-stealing-cars-from-across-kent/
publish:
  date: 10:50 09/02/2021
title: Prolific burglary gang jailed after stealing cars from across Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/prolific-burglary-gang-jailed-after-stealing-cars-from-across-kent/
```

A prolific gang of burglars has been jailed after breaking into homes across Kent to steal car keys and then take vehicles from driveways.

The five men targeted victims as they slept and were responsible for a spate of break-ins in areas throughout the county, as well as at properties in London.

## Break-ins

Between **21 November** and **26 November 2019** , **Ryan Hull** and **William Burton** burgled four addresses during the hours of darkness in **Larkfield** and **Maidstone**.

They forced their way inside homes, before taking car keys and other personal property, leading to six cars being stolen.

Patrols located one of the stolen cars on 2 December, an Audi A3 parked in Dartford on false number plates. While in attendance, officers saw the vehicle unlock remotely, as Hull and Burton were walking towards it and they were arrested.

## Evidence

An investigation led to a purse from one of the burglaries being located at Hull's home in Erith. A stolen designer jacket was also seized from Burton's address in Dartford.

Hull's phone was examined, which led to the discovery of a video of him sitting in one of the stolen cars. Text messages also included discussions about the thefts and enquiries linked the pair to a fifth burglary in Maidstone.

Evidence showed two further suspects were involved, **George Knight** and **Matthew Francis**. DNA belonging to Knight was recovered from the stolen Audi.

## Further burglaries

A further 29 break-ins were found to be linked to Hull, Knight, Francis and another accomplice, Sean Hart. These were carried out between 21 January and 2 April 2020. Homes were targeted in areas including **Whitstable, Canterbury, Tonbridge, Borough Green, Medway towns, Sevenoaks** , and in parts of London.

Further arrests were made and all five were charged with conspiracy to commit burglary.

They pleaded guilty at Maidstone Crown Court. On 25 January 2021:

 * Hull (top left photograph), aged 27, of Thanet Road, Erith, was jailed for five years and three months.
 * Knight (top right photograph), aged 28, of Morvale Close, Belvedere was jailed for five years and nine months.
 * Burton (bottom left photograph), aged 28, of Muir Drive, Dartford received a sentence of three years and ten months' imprisonment.
 * Hart, of Riverdale Road, Erith aged 34, was sentenced to two years in prison.
 * Francis (bottom right photograph), aged 28, of Valence Road, Erith, was sentenced separately at the same court on 4 February to six years and twenty weeks in prison.

Detective Sergeant Jay Robinson, of the Chief Constable's Crime Squad said: 'These prolific criminals brazenly and repeatedly targeted homes as people were sleeping. Victims woke up to find intruders had entered their properties and stolen personal possessions along with their cars.
'These offenders falsely assumed that by using false number plates on stolen cars they would avoid detection, but this arrogance was to be their downfall. Our meticulous investigation pieced together evidence to identify the perpetrators and prove the criminal conspiracy.
'The residents of Kent can sleep easier knowing this gang is now safely residing in prison, but it is a timely reminder for householders to ensure doors are secured and ideally double-locked overnight.'
