```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "Kent Police\u2019s County Line and Gang Team arrested 24 people suspected of supplying drugs in Kent during February."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Action by the County Line and Gang Team results in 24 arrests during February
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/action-by-the-county-line-and-gang-team-results-in-24-arrests-during-february/
publish:
  date: 12:55 03/03/2021
title: Action by the County Line and Gang Team results in 24 arrests during February | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/action-by-the-county-line-and-gang-team-results-in-24-arrests-during-february/
```

McNeish (left) and Thappa (right)

**Kent Police 's County Line and Gang Team** arrested 24 people suspected of supplying drugs in Kent during **February**.

Among them was a 30-year-old man who was arrested in Maidstone after he reportedly ordered his dog to attack another man on 9 February.

**Omar Minsende** and **Daphne Yeo** , 27, who are each of Queen Anne Road, were both arrested after police were called to the Maidstone property following a report that a man had been seriously injured by a dog.

Following a search both were charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. Mr Minsende was also charged with GBH with intent.

They appeared before Medway Magistrates Court on 11 February and were remanded in custody. They are next due to appear before Maidstone Crown Court on 11 March.

## Search warrants executed

Two men were also charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin after two simultaneous search warrants were executed at their homes on 16 February 2021.

**Henry Muggridge** , 31, of North Farm Road, Tunbridge Wells and **Connor Martin** , 19, of Thorton Road, Carshalton, both appeared before Medway Magistrates Court on 17 February and will next appear before Maidstone Crown Court on 17 March 2021.

The moment officers from the County Line and Gang Team execute a search warrant in Gillingham.

A man who was arrested following a warrant in Gillingham has admitted two counts possession of heroin with intent to supply and possession of cocaine with intent to supply.

**Sean Naylor** who is 26 and of no fixed address was arrested after the team executed a search warrant at the address where he was staying on 2 February. They found over 150 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin and he was later charged with drug supply offences.

Appearing before Medway Magistrates Court on 4 February he admitted the charges and has been remanded in custody to appear before Maidstone Crown Court later this year.

## Dealers jailed for a total of 11 years in February

In addition to the arrests, the team's investigations led to a combined total of 11 years in prison sentences being imposed.

The sentences include the imprisonment of a man from Gravesend who is now serving two years and four months after being arrested by the team in March 2020.

**Manish Thapa** , who is 22 and from Ionia Walk, admitted supplying crack cocaine and heroin, as well as possessing cannabis, when he appeared before Woolwich Crown on 11 February 2021.

Thapa was arrested on 5 March 2020 at a property in Milton Road, Gravesend following reports of drug dealing. When officers entered the property, Thapa threw a package on the floor. It contained 30 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin.

In interview he told officers he had not touched the package. He claimed that he had fallen asleep and had woken to find it on the floor. Forensic analysis of the package, however, showed he had been in possession of it and he later admitted the offence.

## Drugs seized with a street value of £28,000

Also beginning a prison sentence is **Alando McNeish** , who was sentenced to four years after officers found him in possession of class A drugs which had a street value of £28,000.

The 27-year-old, of Watersmeet, Chatham, was jailed at Maidstone Crown Court on 8 February 2021 after admitting possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin.

McNeish was charged with the offences after he was stopped and searched on 9 December 2020 in Luton Road, Chatham. He was found to be in possession of heroin and crack cocaine.

A key to a nearby property was also seized and officers carried out a search of the address under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Inside the flat they found further evidence linking McNeish to the drugs, which included a large quantity of heroin and crack cocaine, scales and a list of names and telephone numbers.

Inspector Martin Williams of the County Line and Gang Team said: 'In February the team secured the authorisation for 34 charges to be brought against the 24 people they arrested. In addition to this, they seized over £20,000 in cash from suspected dealers and took 15 weapons off the street.

'We are dedicated to disrupting the supply of drugs to Kent and bringing those who prey on the vulnerable to justice.'
