```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: A man who pointed a gun at a group of people following a dispute in Canterbury has been jailed.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for man who pointed a gun at victims in Canterbury
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/jail-for-man-who-pointed-a-gun-at-victims-in-canterbury/
publish:
  date: 15:04 11/12/2020
title: Jail for man who pointed a gun at victims in Canterbury | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/jail-for-man-who-pointed-a-gun-at-victims-in-canterbury/
```

Jobe Norton, pictured, has been sentenced

A man who pointed a gun at a group of people following a dispute in **Canterbury** has been jailed.

**Jobe Norton** , 20, was arrested by firearms officers after a disturbance in the **Sussex Avenue** area of the city at around **4pm** on **Thursday 9 April 2020**.

He admitted possession of a firearm or imitation with intent to cause fear of violence on Tuesday 21 July and was sentenced to 15 months in a young offenders' institution at Canterbury Crown Court on Thursday 10 December.

The offence took place following a reported dispute between two men who were known to each other, which Norton then became involved in.

## Offence

Norton, of Rutland Close, Canterbury, went into his home and came out with a firearm.

He pointed it at a number of people who had become involved in the dispute, telling them: 'I'm going to kill you all.'

Witnesses said that one of those who he pointed the gun at was a pregnant woman.

Aware that police were on their way, Jobe then left the scene, but was later stopped while driving a car in **Herne Bay** and arrested. The weapon used in the incident was not recovered and it is unclear whether it was an imitation.

## Quick response

Detective Constable Steven East, Kent Police's investigating officer, said: 'Kent Police has a zero-tolerance approach to firearms-related offences and takes robust action against anyone found responsible. Thankfully, incidents such as this are very rare in the county.

'In this instance, Norton's actions and the threats he made would have been terrifying for those in the area at the time. However, the incident was quickly responded to and the resulting investigation has seen a custodial sentence handed down by the court.'

Images gathered during the investigation show Norton with the weapon
