```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Jesse Willink repeatedly punched and stamped on his victim during a prolonged ordeal last year. He has now been sentenced to prison.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Harrietsham man threatened to set woman on fire
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/harrietsham-man-violently-assaulted-woman-and-made-threats-to-set-her-on-fire/
publish:
  date: 10:18 15/03/2021
title: Harrietsham man threatened to set woman on fire | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/harrietsham-man-violently-assaulted-woman-and-made-threats-to-set-her-on-fire/
```

A **Harrietsham** man who violently assaulted a woman and threatened to set her on fire has been jailed.

**Jesse Willink** repeatedly punched and stamped on his victim during a prolonged ordeal last year.

## Assault and threats

The assault took place at a location in the village on **21 April 2020** , when Willink pulled the woman by her hair and said he was going to set her alight.

She managed to free herself and flee the scene, but continued to receive phone calls from her attacker, during which he stated he was going to kill her after tying her up and dousing her with petrol.

In another phone call Willink also threatened to shoot and stab a relative of the victim.

Officers who attended carried out a search of Willink's Water Lane property, where they seized a container of petrol, as well as cable ties and ropes.

The 26-year-old, who was known to the victim, was arrested but initially denied any wrongdoing.

## Sentenced

At Maidstone Crown Court, Willink later pleaded guilty to charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and threats to kill.

On Thursday 4 March 2021 he was sentenced to two years and three months' imprisonment.

PC Steven Randall, of the West Kent Vulnerability Investigation Team, said: 'Willink subjected this woman to what must have been a truly terrifying ordeal. It was a savage and brutal assault and one which left the victim genuinely fearing for her life.

'At the time of the offence, Willink showed no remorse for his appalling actions, only later indicating this at court. I only hope the victim can take some comfort and reassurance now he has been sentenced.'
