```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The homes were targeted over a 20 minute period on 19 October 2020.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chatham burglar jailed after three homes targeted in one night
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-burglar-jailed-after-three-homes-targeted-in-one-night/
publish:
  date: 15:09 17/12/2020
title: Chatham burglar jailed after three homes targeted in one night | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-burglar-jailed-after-three-homes-targeted-in-one-night/
```

A burglar who targeted three **Chatham** homes in one night has been jailed.

**Kelvin Hayes** was captured targeting properties on several different security cameras and handed himself in to Kent Police after a picture taken by a door bell camera was made public in an appeal to identify him.

The 43-year-old, of Gorse Avenue, Chatham, admitted burglary, and two attempted burglaries, and was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Monday 14 December to two years and four months' imprisonment.

Kelvin Hayes attempting to enter home in Vale Drive

On the morning of **Monday 19 October 2020** , a resident of **Snodhurst Avenue** woke to find their porch was open and two coats had been stolen.

They contacted Kent Police, and were one of several people to report suspicious behaviour which had taken place in the area during the early hours.

Although they did not have CCTV, a neighbouring property recorded Hayes at the scene.

Hayes was also captured on camera targeting two homes in **Vale Drive**. He attempted to open the front door of one of the addresses before a different camera recorded him walking around the side of a different home. He left the scene when a resident of the second address noticed him prowling and told him to leave.

The Chief Constable's Crime Squad reviewed all available evidence and Hayes attended Medway Police Station of his own accord to state he was the wanted man but denied knowing anything about the crimes.

A short time later, he was charged with the three offences and has been remanded in custody since.

## Great result

Police Constable Emma Laimbeer, from the Chief Constable's Crime Squad, said: 'Although Hayes only entered one address during this offending, his willingness to break into the homes of innocent members of the public is a significant concern.

'I am pleased that we have been able to secure his imprisonment, which is a great result not just for the victims targeted but the community as a whole.'
