```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Witnesses are sought after a man reported being forced into a car in Strood.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after report of man being forced into car in Strood
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/appeal-after-report-of-man-being-forced-into-car-in-strood/
publish:
  date: 17:56 01/04/2021
title: Appeal after report of man being forced into car in Strood | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/appeal-after-report-of-man-being-forced-into-car-in-strood/
```

Witnesses are sought after a man reported being forced into a car in **Strood**.

The victim was walking in **Frindsbury Road** on **Wednesday 31 March 2021** when at around **11am** three men inside a black saloon car approached him.

## Forced into car

One of the men is alleged to have forced the victim inside the vehicle. He was then driven around for about half an hour during which time the men questioned the victim repeatedly.

However, it is believed the offenders realised they had mistaken the victim for somebody else and, realising their error, stopped the car and the victim was let out of the vehicle.

The man was unsure of where he was but it is believed he was dropped off in Rochester.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Craig Hewitt, said: 'This was a frightening incident for the victim and I would encourage anyone with information to get in touch with us.
'I would like to stress that we believe this was a case of mistaken identity and do not wish to cause concern in the community. We suspect the victim was targeted in the belief he was somebody else and not randomly chosen.
'If anyone knows the offenders involved, or believes they may have been the intended victim, please get in touch with us so we can progress this investigation and offer safeguarding if needed.'

## Descriptions

All three men are believed to be in their forties and were of athletic build.

The driver of the car is described as being white and with short dark blond hair. He was wearing a black t-shirt.

The second suspect, who is alleged to have pulled the victim into the rear of the car, is described as white and wearing a black V-neck top and blue jeans. He had very short dark blond hair.

The third offender is described as black with a moustache. He was also wearing a black V-neck top and jeans.

## Call us

Anyone with information is asked to call Kent Police on **01634 792209** , quoting 46/52948/21.

You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or complete an online form on their website.
