```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Between March 2018 and July 2020 Kent Police regularly received reports of nuisance activity coming from an address in Norfolk Road.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gravesend home issued with Closure Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/gravesend-home-issued-with-closure-order/
publish:
  date: 10:00 07/11/2020
title: Gravesend home issued with Closure Order | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/gravesend-home-issued-with-closure-order/
```

A closure notice has been taped to the front door of the property

Repeated incidents of antisocial behaviour have led to a **Gravesend** home receiving a Closure Order.

Between **March 2018** and **July 2020** Kent Police regularly received reports of nuisance activity coming from an address in **Norfolk Road**.

Complaints of antisocial behaviour including drug dealing, criminal damage, numerous disturbances and verbal abuse towards neighbours were all received.

The continued disruption allowed officers to successfully apply to Medway Magistrates' Court for a Closure Order on Friday 6 November 2020.

The order, which will be in place for three months, prohibits anyone from attending or living in the address - with the only exception being the landlord and authorised contractors.

Failure to comply with the order risks arrest, imprisonment and/or an unlimited fine.

## Unacceptable

Sergeant Paul Diddams, from Gravesham's Community Safety Unit, said:

'The woman living at this address knowingly and willingly allowed her home to be used by various people who committed anti-social behaviour while in and around the property, causing those living nearby to be fearful and unsettled.

'We made repeated efforts to engage with the woman but this was unsuccessful, which meant that the community continued to be subjected to unacceptable nuisance.

'The court order ensures the offending individuals are removed from the area and, while removing someone from their home is a robust step, the action taken is entirely proportionate.

'I am confident the community will benefit from this order and I would encourage anyone affected by similar issues to report them to us via our website or by calling 101.'
