```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: More than 40 fines have been issued by officers in Canterbury after Kent Police was called to a number of house parties in the city in the past week.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Covid-19 fines issued at Canterbury house parties
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/covid-19-fines-issued-at-canterbury-house-parties/
publish:
  date: 14:25 23/03/2021
title: Covid-19 fines issued at Canterbury house parties | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/covid-19-fines-issued-at-canterbury-house-parties/
```

More than 40 fines have been issued by officers in **Canterbury** after Kent Police was called to a number of house parties in the city in the past week.

Students are being urged to take responsibility for their health and the safety of those around them by complying with Government rules to limit the spread of Covid-19.

## Incidents

• At **11.15pm** on **Thursday 18 March 2021** , officers were called to a property in **Somner Close** following a report that a group of students were having an unlawful party. Five people living at the address, who had organised the party, were issued with fines.

• The following night, police were called to a property in **Otham Close** after more than 10 people were seen leaving a house by the back door at around **11.45pm**. Around eight people left the area when police arrived and four others were issued with fixed penalty notices.

• Shortly before **11.30pm** on **Saturday 20 March** , there was a report of around 20 people at a property in **Kemsing Gardens**. Officers attended and 19 fines were issued.

• Later the same night, a further 14 fines were issued after officers attended another party at a property in **South Street**.

## Health

Inspector Guy Thompson, of Canterbury Community Safety Unit, said: 'Students are a valued part of the community in Canterbury and the vast majority continue to respect Government rules to stop the spread of Covid-19.

'However, there are a small number who cause a nuisance to neighbours and breach Government legislation by hosting parties and large gatherings.

'We work closely with all universities in Canterbury, who have also spoken to students about the legislation and the consequences of breaking the rules, as part of our engagement approach, and we will continue to do so.'
