```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: "Car thieves, armed robbers and serial burglars were jailed for a combined total of 52 years and 7 months in October, following investigations by the Chief Constable\u2019s Crime Squad."
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serial offenders jailed for over 50 years following arrests by Chief&#39;s Crime Squad officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/serial-offenders-jailed-for-over-50-years-following-arrests-by-chiefs-crime-squad-officers/
publish:
  date: 16:50 02/11/2020
title: Serial offenders jailed for over 50 years following arrests by Chief&#39;s Crime Squad officers | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2011/serial-offenders-jailed-for-over-50-years-following-arrests-by-chiefs-crime-squad-officers/
```

Car thieves, armed robbers and serial burglars were jailed for a combined total of **52 years and 7 months** in **October** , following investigations by the Chief Constable's Crime Squad.

Many of the offenders dealt with by the countywide team of detectives and uniformed officers were repeat offenders who, alongside being prolific thieves, demonstrated a willingness to use violence against their targets.

**Sixteen** arrests were also made, and **44** new charges authorised, over the same time period, including a case against a burglar who was jailed within a day of being apprehended by a policing patrol.

## Targeting repeat offenders

Detective Inspector Darren Reynolds, from the Crime Squad, said: 'The quality of the team's work from the past month has achieved some exceptional results for victims, and the county as a whole.

'One of our key objectives is to target repeat offenders and a significant number of those we've brought to justice over the past month have proven themselves to be serial offenders who indiscriminately targeted innocent people. I have little doubt that if they were not stopped when they were, they would have continued to offend.'

## Car thieves jailed

Among those jailed were five car thieves who, between them, took part in the theft of 39 cars from homes across Medway, Sevenoaks, Faversham, New Ash Green and Ashford. The combined value of items stolen was in excess of £750,000 and they received a combined prison sentence of just under 30 years.

An armed robber who stole a large amount of cash from a Chatham travel agent, after threatening staff with an imitation firearm, was also jailed for seven years. In addition to the robbery, he had repeatedly stolen from various businesses across the town.

## Swift justice

Swift justice was also imposed upon a Rochester burglar who targeted the same High Street hair salon twice in a night, stealing hair styling equipment worth several hundred pounds. He was arrested within a day of the offence being reported and, 24 hours later, he was sentenced to one year in prison.

A burglar who stole from a home in Canterbury, only to be pursued by the victim on a bicycle, was also jailed for four years.

Although many cases concluded in October, proceedings in numerous others commenced.

Among these is an investigation into an alleged war medal thief, who is said to have stolen the sentimental items from a home in Ramsgate at the start of the month. He has been charged with burglary and remanded in custody to appear at Canterbury Crown Court in late November.

Similar action has been taken against a man who is accused of burgling a commercial premise in the same city.

A matching approach can be observed in the West of the county, as demonstrated by an investigation against two men who have been remanded in custody to appear in court in November after being accused of burgling a Snodland home.

Another alleged burglar, who is said to have stolen copper from a private address in Bearsted, has been dealt with in the same way.

And in the North of the county, two men have been remanded in custody after detectives identified them as the culprits for the theft of a car from a home in Gravesend, and other attempted burglaries in the area. They have each been charged with seven offences and remanded in custody.

DI Reynolds added: 'It is exceptionally rare to become the victim of a burglary, or robbery, but when offences do take place, we have the resources to react quickly, support victims and put together a quality investigation.

'We do not underestimate the impact these crimes have and, in addition to reacting to incidents, we are continually gathering intelligence to proactively go after those who we suspect are conspiring to commit offences.

'There will be no let-up in our efforts to pursue justice and anyone with ambitions to commit burglary, or robbery, can be assured that we have the expertise to identify them and bring them to justice.'
