```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The order will be enforced in the Crossways Boulevard area between 5 and 7 March 2021 following recent gatherings of motorists driving in an antisocial manner.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nuisance motorists to be targeted with Greenhithe dispersal order
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/nuisance-motorists-to-be-targeted-with-greenhithe-dispersal-order/
publish:
  date: 16:08 04/03/2021
title: Nuisance motorists to be targeted with Greenhithe dispersal order | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/nuisance-motorists-to-be-targeted-with-greenhithe-dispersal-order/
```

Nuisance motorists are the target of a dispersal order which will be enforced in **Greenhithe**.

Over the past two weekends of February, Kent Police has received several reports of motorists gathering in the **Crossways Boulevard** area and driving in a reckless manner.

On **20 February** , officers were called to a car meet in nearby **Charles Street**. A patrol attended and issued five men with a fine for breaching Coronavirus legislation. They were then dispersed.

Six days later, a vehicle was seized after it was observed being driven in a poor manner. Further checks were carried out the next evening, when a group of motorists left the area upon the arrival of a patrol.

Following these incidents, the dispersal order will be enforced in the Crossways Boulevard area between **8pm o** n **Friday 5 March** and **8pm** on **Sunday 7 March**. It gives officers the authority to instruct anyone to leave the area if they have reason to believe they are likely to engage in nuisance behaviour. Failure to comply with the instruction, risks arrest.

Inspector Sarah Rivett, from the Dartford Community Safety Unit, said: 'A small number of motorists have thought it appropriate to travel to the Crossways Boulevard area and cause a nuisance to residents and nearby businesses. We have zero tolerance for any type of antisocial behaviour and will always use the most robust, but proportionate, powers available.

'Residents can expect to see increased patrols in the area this weekend and anyone who decides to engage in nuisance behaviour can expect to be dealt with accordingly. Where necessary, we will seize vehicles and issue fines under Coronavirus legislation. In addition to this action, we are working with nearby businesses to discuss changes that can be made to security arrangements which will prevent such gatherings in the future.

'Residents can be assured that we will not turn a blind eye to any antisocial activity that takes place after this weekend and I would encourage anyone with a concern to report it to us via our website, or by calling 101.'
