```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: An internet fraudster from Biggin Hill who stole in excess of &#163;1million through a used car sales scam has been sentenced to almost eight years in prison.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fraudster set up almost 50 bogus car sales websites
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/fraudster-set-up-almost-50-bogus-car-sales-websites/
publish:
  date: 13:16 18/12/2020
title: Fraudster set up almost 50 bogus car sales websites | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/fraudster-set-up-almost-50-bogus-car-sales-websites/
```

An internet fraudster who stole in excess of £1million through a used car sales scam has been sentenced to almost eight years in prison.

**Blake Paterson** tricked around 200 victims into paying money to fake online traders, with no vehicles being provided in return.

An investigation by the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate revealed that **between 2013 and 2017** multiple websites were created which were linked to 44 separate used car businesses, none of which were genuine.

The websites appeared professional, but in reality were created purely to dupe members of the public into paying for cars that didn't exist.

Victims across the UK were scammed into making bogus transactions.

After making contact through the websites, which also included fake reviews (example shown above) potential customers would receive details including refund guarantees and discounts for prompt commitment.

Victims unwittingly then transferred money to a number of different bank accounts.

## Separate kitchen scam

Paterson was linked to the crimes during a police investigation which involved analysis of surveillance information, mobile phone and computer data.

CCTV evidence showed him purchasing top-up credit for a mobile phone number which was linked to the fraudulent websites.

During the investigation he was jailed for an unrelated offence and in August 2016 a search of his cell revealed evidence he was continuing to run the fraud from prison.

The investigation into the vehicle fraud also uncovered his involvement in a separate scam.

It was discovered that he had set up 24 fraudulent trade accounts with a large kitchen supplier company. **Between January 2015 and February 2017** goods were ordered against the accounts, collected but never paid for.

The business identified a total loss of almost £280,000.

## Associates also guilty

At Maidstone Crown Court Paterson, aged 36, of Curchin Close, Westerham, pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit fraud and one of money laundering.

He was sentenced on Friday 18 December 2020 to seven-and-a-half years' imprisonment.

A number of accomplices related to the online car sales fraud pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit fraud and money laundering.

They were sentenced on the same day as follows:

**Reece McCoy** (pictured below), aged 28, of Orchard Grove, Sheerness was sentenced to two years and four months.

**Antony Coles** , 35, of Station Road, Bagshot, Surrey and **Carl Carolan** , 30, of The Broadway, Minster, Sheerness received suspended sentences.

_In connection with defrauding the kitchen company, the following defendants were sentenced the previous day, on 17 December:_

**Daniel London** (image below), 37, of Queensbridge Drive, Herne Bay was found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud. He was sentenced to three years and three months.

**Graham Nichols** , 51, of Curchin Close, Westerham and **Danielle Nye** , 23, of Queensbridge Drive, Herne Bay denied the same charge but were found guilty after a trial.

They received suspended sentences and will each have to complete 160 hours unpaid work.

**Toni Stylianou** , 35, of Coleman Road, Belvedere pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud.

She also received a suspended sentence and will have to carry out 120 hours unpaid work.

## Victims suffered hardship

Detective Chief Inspector Patrick Milford, from the Economic Crime Unit said: 'Paterson devised and orchestrated scams which were deliberately designed to steal as much money as possible from members of the public as well as a reputable business. His attempts to continue criminal activities from his prison cell are further evidence of his contempt for the law, as well as for his multiple victims, some of whom would no doubt have suffered great hardship as a result. 'These were two very complex investigations, which demonstrate Kent Police's commitment in tackling fraud in all its forms. We will now use powers under The Proceeds of Crime Act, with the aim of clawing back any benefits these criminals may have gained from their activities.'
