```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The car was stopped after the offender was seen leaving an address suspected to be involved in supplying drugs.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed after being stopped in Gravesend taxi
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/drug-dealer-stopped-while-travelling-in-gravesend-taxi-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:01 02/03/2021
title: Drug dealer jailed after being stopped in Gravesend taxi | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/drug-dealer-stopped-while-travelling-in-gravesend-taxi-jailed/
```

A drug dealer who was arrested after Kent Police officers stopped a taxi in **Gravesend** has been jailed for five years and 11 months.

The car was stopped in August 2019 after it was seen collecting **Maurice Lennon** from an address suspected to have connections to drug dealing.

The 24-year-old, of Tivoli Road, West Norwood, was found in possession of a large lock knife, a mobile phone used to arrange the supply of drugs and a quantity of cash.

He admitted being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin, possessing a knife in a public place and acquiring criminal property before being sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Tuesday 2 March 2021.

During a routine patrol on **13 August 2019** , an officer observed Lennon leaving an address in **St Patrick 's Gardens** and getting into a taxi.

The vehicle was followed and, when other patrols arrived to assist, the taxi was stopped in Gravesend Road, Higham.

Lennon was the only passenger and, when he was searched, a mobile phone and £435 in cash was recovered.

His phone, which was continually ringing, contained more than 70 text messages related to the sale of class A drugs.

A lock knife was also seized, despite the Lennon's attempts to hide it beside the passenger seat.

Lennon was immediately charged and remanded in custody ahead of future court proceedings.

While on remand at HMP Elmley, a mobile phone was found hidden inside his cell. He admitted possessing the device without authority to do so and was sentenced for this along with the other charges.

Detective Sergeant Andy Leventis, from Kent Police's County Line and Gang Team, said: 'This case is another example of our officers using their local knowledge to target offenders who cause significant harm to our communities.

'Their vigilance, and quick decision making, led to an organised drug dealer being detained and helped prevent heroin and crack cocaine making its way onto our streets.

'We have no tolerance for anyone who seeks to supply drugs in our communities and, as Lennon has found out, each day we are patrolling the neighbourhoods, and gathering new evidence, to help ensure offenders face the most robust action possible.'
