```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Robert Deadman coughed into the faces of four Kent Police officers and repeatedly told them he had Coronavirus. He has been jailed for 10 months.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chatham man jailed for coughing at Kent Police officers and saying he had Coronavirus
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-man-jailed-for-coughing-at-kent-police-officers-and-saying-he-had-coronavirus/
publish:
  date: 10:25 03/12/2020
title: Chatham man jailed for coughing at Kent Police officers and saying he had Coronavirus | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/chatham-man-jailed-for-coughing-at-kent-police-officers-and-saying-he-had-coronavirus/
```

A Chatham man who coughed into the faces of four Kent Police officers before repeatedly telling them he had Coronavirus has been jailed for 10 months.

**Robert Deadman** committed the offences after officers attended **Southill Road** , **Chatham** , following a report that a man matching his description had been making threats to damage property.

Upon being informed of his arrest, the 38-year-old refused to comply with instructions given by the constables and pushed one of them against a wall and the second to the floor.

They were soon able to bring him under control and, as they began to apply handcuffs, additional patrols attended to provide support.

Deadman, who could no longer use physical violence to resist arrest, then repeatedly coughed towards the arresting officers, verbally abused them and said he had Coronavirus.

None of the officers were seriously injured or contracted Covid-19 as a result of the incident. Deadman was later charged with assaulting four of them.

He was also charged with damaging a security camera in a custody cell, after he was arrested for a separate matter on 6 September.

At Canterbury Crown Court, Deadman, of Mount Road, Chatham, admitted two counts of assaulting an emergency services worker, two common assaults against an emergency services worker, and criminal damage. He was sentenced on Monday 23 November 2020.

Chief Inspector Ian Dyball, Kent Police's District Commander for Medway, said: 'Deadman's behaviour throughout the events on 27 March was exceptionally volatile.

'He showed no willingness to comply with our officers, who were lawfully exercising their duties and treating him with the dignity and respect anyone interacting with us deserves.

'I have no doubt that it was his intention to cause as much harm as he possibly could, and it is fortunate that no serious injuries were sustained.

'Inflicting any kind of assault against an officer is unacceptable but it is particularly reprehensible that he attempted to weaponise the pandemic against our constables.

'I am pleased the courts have enforced a custodial sentence which sends out a clear message that offending of this nature is thoroughly intolerable.'
