```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: The operation was carried out between Monday 25 May and Sunday 7 June 2020, with speed cameras catching an additional 4,443 drivers breaking the law.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers issue 365 tickets in Kent as part of national anti-speeding campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/officers-issue-365-tickets-in-kent-as-part-of-national-anti-speeding-campaign/
publish:
  date: 11:15 15/06/2020
title: Officers issue 365 tickets in Kent as part of national anti-speeding campaign | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/officers-issue-365-tickets-in-kent-as-part-of-national-anti-speeding-campaign/
```

A national campaign aimed at tackling speeding motorists resulted in Kent Police officers issuing 365 tickets to people caught driving over the limit.

The operation was carried out on roads across the county between **Monday 25 May** and **Sunday 7 June 2020** , with speed cameras catching an additional 4,443 drivers breaking the law.

Officers from the Roads Policing Unit, including the Commercial Vehicle Unit and Road Safety Team, carried out the enforcement activity alongside volunteers from the Kent Special Constabulary.

A number of other drivers were also prosecuted for non-speeding offences such as driving while using a mobile phone or without a seatbelt.

## Dangers

Chief Inspector Rhiannan Pepper, Head of Kent Police's Roads Policing Unit, said:

'With Covid-19 lockdown measures being gradually eased and traffic volumes starting to grow as a result, this national operation was an important way to remind people of the dangers of speeding - especially as many have not been out on the roads for quite some time.

'Figures show that an average of 17 people are killed and 126 are seriously injured every month in the UK in collisions in which speeding is believed to have been a significant factor. The faster people drive, the less time they have to react to unforeseen hazards or mistakes from other drivers and the greater the impact any collision may be.

'The lifting of lockdown measures also coincides with better weather and lighter evenings, with more cyclists and joggers on the road than there might otherwise be and therefore more people at risk of serious harm by those who choose to break the speed limit.

'Please rest assured that our efforts to tackle dangerous driving happen all year round, and we will continue to prosecute speeding motorists via a range of methods including mobile and static speed cameras and in-car technology, to help keep Kent's roads as safe as possible for everyone.'
