```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Witnesses are sought after a 14-year-old boy was assaulted in Gravesend.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witnesses sought to Gravesend assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2011/witnesses-sought-to-gravesend-assault/
publish:
  date: 16:54 06/11/2020
title: Witnesses sought to Gravesend assault | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2011/witnesses-sought-to-gravesend-assault/
```

Witnesses are sought after a fourteen-year-old boy was assaulted in **Gravesend**.

The teenager was taken to a local hospital on **5 November 2020** to be treated for leg injuries, consistent with a stab wound.

He is reported to have been assaulted at around **2.50pm** in **Salisbury Road** , Gravesend, after two older teenagers approached him.

One of the offenders is reported to have punched the victim before two further boys arrived and also assaulted the teenager with one of the suspects producing a knife before it was used to stab the victim in his leg.

Two of the offenders then each left the scene on a pushbike while the other two ran away leaving the victim injured. He was taken to a local hospital and has since been discharged.

## Description of suspects

The four offenders have been described as white.

One suspect was described as being aged between eleven and twelve years old with blonde hair and around four feet and four inches tall. He was wearing a blue hooded coat with a backpack and black trousers.

A second suspect was described as around sixteen and eighteen years old with ginger/blonde wavy hair, of medium build and around five feet and eleven inches tall. He was wearing a silver hooded coat and black trousers.

A third suspect was described as having blonde hair, slim build and around five feet and eleven inches tall.

The fourth suspect is described as having dark short hair and wearing black trousers. He was around five feet and five inches tall and aged between fifteen and sixteen years old.

Officers would like to talk to anyone who witnessed the incident or who has CCTV or dashcam footage.

Anyone with information is asked to call Kent Police's appeal line for Gravesend on **01474 366149** quoting 46/198711/20.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers in Kent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or by using the anonymous online form.
