```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Tye Chetter, of no fixed address, was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 11 February 2021 after admitting drug and assault charges.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer who assaulted a man outside a Rochester nightclub jailed for five years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/drug-dealer-who-assaulted-a-man-outside-a-rochester-nightclub-jailed-for-five-years/
publish:
  date: 15:43 18/02/2021
title: Drug dealer who assaulted a man outside a Rochester nightclub jailed for five years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2102/drug-dealer-who-assaulted-a-man-outside-a-rochester-nightclub-jailed-for-five-years/
```

Tye Chetter has been jailed

A drug dealer who assaulted a man outside a nightclub in **Rochester** has been jailed for five years.

**Tye Chetter** , of no fixed address, was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on 11 February 2021 after admitting possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin.

He also admitted one charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

On **2 July 2019** , Chetter was seen driving onto **Cecil Road, Gravesend,** before speaking to a known drug user.

Officers approached him and carried out a search under the Misuse of Drugs Act. He was found in possession of a mobile phone which contained text messages relating to drug deals.

He was also found in possession of a quantity of money. Chetter was taken to a nearby police station where he was further searched and was found to be concealing crack cocaine and heroin.

The 23-year-old was also charged with an unprovoked assault committed against a man in **Blue Boar Lane, Rochester** , on **21 July 2019**.

CCTV of the incident showed Chetter talking to the victim, who is not known to him, before he punched him in the face at around **3am**.

Chetter then punched the man for a second time and then followed him as he attempted to leave the area before punching him again. The victim was taken to a nearby hospital where he was confirmed to have multiple fractures to his face.
PC Liam O'Neill, investigating officer for the assault said: 'This was a nasty assault which was unprovoked and unnecessary. Chetter initially denied being responsible for the assault but with the CCTV it was clear he was involved.
'His total sentence reflects the gravity of his offending for both criminal offences and I hope the outcome acts as a deterrent to others.'
