```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Residents in Gravesend are urged to be vigilant after a couple reported being defrauded of thousands of pounds.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fraudsters claiming to be police officers in Gravesend
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2001/fraudsters-claiming-to-be-police-officers-in-gravesend/
publish:
  date: 13:26 13/01/2020
title: Fraudsters claiming to be police officers in Gravesend | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2001/fraudsters-claiming-to-be-police-officers-in-gravesend/
```

Residents in Gravesend are urged to be vigilant after a couple reported being defrauded of thousands of pounds.

On **Monday 30 December 2019** the victims from the **Riverview Park area** received a call from a man claiming to be a police officer from London.

He said officers had noticed fraudulent activity on their credit card and said they had arrested two people in connection with this. They then asked the victims to assist them with their enquiries into the alleged fraud.

The couple, in their seventies, were made to believe that other residents had been targeted too. They were asked to provide the police with their mobile phone numbers and then drive to numerous banks and cash machines withdrawing large amounts of money under the pretence they were assisting with a covert operation.

## Suspect description

The couple were then told someone would visit their property to collect the money the following day. A man described as Asian, in his early twenties, around 5ft 9ins tall and wearing a plain black tracksuit arrived in a black Citroen car, collected the money and left.

On 2 January 2020 the victims were asked to withdraw even more money and confirm when they would be home for it to be collected. No one ever arrived to collect the extra money and when the victims called Kent Police to follow it up, the scam was uncovered.

## Investigation launched

Detectives from the Volume Fraud Team at Kent Police are now investigating the incident and are urging other residents to be on guard against such scams.

Detective Sergeant Marc Cananur said: 'Courier fraud is the name given to incidents where fraudsters attempt to deceive victims into withdrawing sums of money with the intention of sending a courier to collect it from them.

'Variations on the scam involve people claiming to be from Trading Standards, a local bank or other organisations such as the police in a position of trust.

'It is extremely upsetting and confusing for victims when they realise they have been targeted as in nearly all cases the fraudsters can seem highly credible.

'Rest assured that we will never send a courier to your home to collect your bank card, money or other items and will never ask for cash, valuables, or your PIN. Banks won't do this either and so it is very important that you report anything suspicious to Kent Police straight away.

'Fraud offences often affect the most vulnerable in our community but anyone can be a target. Please look out for each other and make sure older relatives and neighbours are aware of the dangers.'

To report incidents of courier fraud call Kent Police on 101 or Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040. You can also report non-urgent crimes on our website.
