```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Six men have been jailed for more than 13 years after &#163;120,000 was stolen from cash point machines across Northfleet, Gravesend and beyond.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: ATM hackers jailed for more than 13 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/atm-hackers-jailed-for-more-than-13-years/
publish:
  date: 12:31 19/03/2021
title: ATM hackers jailed for more than 13 years | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/atm-hackers-jailed-for-more-than-13-years/
```

L to R: Petru-Giani Feraru, Razvan Danaila, Robert Danaila, Victor Camara, Ioan Constantin and Constantin Lupoaie

ATM hackers have been jailed for a combined total of 13 years and seven months following an investigation by the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate.

**Petru-Giani Feraru** , **Razvan Danaila** , **Robert Danaila** , **Victor Camara** , **Ioan Constantin** and **Constantin Lupoaie** were each involved in a conspiracy that saw £120,000 stolen from machines after malware was installed.

The machines were targeted in **Northfleet** , **Gravesend** , **Colchester** , **Greenwich** , **Bromley** , **Barking** and **Basildon** across early **2020**.

All six defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal and were sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court on Thursday 18 March 2021.

Each of the offenders was involved in an organised crime group that tampered with the wiring of cash machines. They would then attach an electronic device which contained malware that prompted the cash dispenser to hand out money.

Detectives gathered a variety of evidence, including CCTV footage which linked Feraru, Camara and both Danailas to seven offences committed between **2 January** and **31 January**. This included the targeting of individual machines in **London Road, Northfleet** , and **Valley Drive, Gravesend** , on **11** and **17** January respectively.

The four men were detained in Essex on the night of 30 January and, following their arrests, officers uncovered video on Feraru's phone which showed the inner workings of a cash machine.

On **6 April** a further offence took place in **Basildon**. Essex Police officers promptly attended and, following a search of the area, stopped Constantin and Lupoaie for a search. They went on to find Lupoaie in possession of a laptop used to hack the machine and messages on his mobile phone that detailed the offending.

# Sentencing

• **Feraru** , 23, of no fixed address, was sentenced to two years and one month for conspiracy to steal between 31 December 2019 and 31 January 2020.
• **Razvan Danaila** , 30, of Garnett Way, Walthamstow, was sentenced to two years and six months for conspiracy to steal between 31 December 2019 and 31 January 2020.
• **Robert Danaila** , 25, of Ilford Lane, Ilford, was sentenced to two years and four months for conspiracy to steal between 31 December 2019 and 31 January 2020.
• **Camara** , 32, of Eldeland, Basildon, was sentenced to two years and four months for conspiracy to steal between 31 December 2019 and 31 January 2020
• **Constantin** , 27, of The Gore, Basildon, was sentenced to three years and four months for conspiracy to steal between 31 December 2019 and 7 April 2020.
• **Lupoaie** , 18, of no fixed address, was sentenced to one year for conspiring to steal on 6 April 2020.

## Sophisticated offending

Detective Constable Terry Hanlon, Kent Police's investigating officer for the case, said: 'Each of these offenders were involved in a sophisticated and well organised conspiracy that resulted in a substantial amount of money being stolen from law abiding businesses.
'Despite going to great lengths to commit their offences, and committing them across several policing areas, we were able to painstakingly gather a trail of evidence they had overlooked.
'Had they not been detained, I have no doubt that they would have continued to offend and I am pleased that they are now unable to do so. Their successful prosecution is a clear demonstration that Kent Police, and its partners, have the resources and expertise to target high profile offending, regardless of how sophisticated the offenders believe they are.'
