```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Five members of a network which sold heroin and crack cocaine in Dover have become the latest drug dealers jailed following an operation by Kent Police.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five members of Dover drug dealing network are jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/five-members-of-dover-drug-dealing-network-are-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:27 15/12/2020
title: Five members of Dover drug dealing network are jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/five-members-of-dover-drug-dealing-network-are-jailed/
```

Five members of a network which sold heroin and crack cocaine in **Dover** have become the latest drug dealers jailed following an operation by Kent Police.

The group were part of the so-called 'B' line, which made around 60 deals a day in the town before its members were among thirty-six people arrested in early-morning drugs warrants in February 2020.

It is estimated that the 'B' line supplied nearly five kilograms of heroin and crack cocaine, worth around £300,000, to drug users in Dover between June 2019 and February 2020.

Three members of the group's hierarchy, as well as two street dealers, have now been jailed for their part in the conspiracy.

Jordan Wills (left) and Abdul Jalloh (right) packaged up drugs for street dealers

## Investigation

In 2019, officers from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate gained information that street dealers, including **Paul Hunt** and **John Butterworth** , aided by a 16-year-old girl, were selling heroin and crack cocaine through a phone number known as the 'B' line.

Officers carried out a warrant at a house in **Folkestone Road** on **Thursday 23 January 2020** and seized a phone which contained videos of the group's two main stockists, **Jordan Wills** and **Abdul Jalloh** , packaging up drugs for street dealers to sell on.

Jalloh and Wills were arrested during warrants in the town on **Tuesday 4 February** , along with **Donna Mottershead** , who helped run the drug line between November and December 2019.

Donna Mottershead (left), John Butterworth (centre) and Paul Hunt (right)

## Sentences

The defendants have since admitted conspiracy to supply class A drugs and at Canterbury Crown Court on Tuesday 8 and Wednesday 9 December:

• **Abdul Jalloh** , 33, of Folkestone Road, Dover, was jailed for eight years.

• **Jordan Wills** , 25, of Coombe Valley Road, Dover, was jailed for five and a half years.

• **Donna Mottershead** , 24, of Folkestone Road, Dover, was jailed for three years and three months.

• **Paul Hunt** , 52, of Auden Way, Dover, was jailed for three years.

• **John Butterworth** , 28, of East Cliff, Dover, was jailed for two years and four months.

• A 17-year-old girl from Dover was given a two-year Youth Rehabilitation Order.

## Twenty-six dealers jailed

Detective Constable Alan Poulton of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate said: 'This was an extremely thorough investigation during which our officers identified and arrested numerous members of this network.

'Kent Police is determined to make the county a no-go area for drug dealing groups and I am pleased this long-running investigation has now seen more criminals brought to justice.'

A total of fifty-three suspected drug dealers have been arrested in Dover since February 2020 as part of the Kent Police operation. Thirty-nine have since been convicted of or admitted charges, with twenty-six now serving prison sentences.

Mobile phone footage uncovered during the investigation showed Abdul Jalloh with suspected cocaine
