```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Up to four cars are reported to have been targeted at Darent Valley Hospital on Monday 11 January 2021.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after catalytic converters stolen from vehicles parked in hospital car park
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/appeal-after-catalytic-converters-stolen-from-vehicles-parked-in-hospital-car-park/
publish:
  date: 12:14 13/01/2021
title: Appeal after catalytic converters stolen from vehicles parked in hospital car park | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/appeals/2101/appeal-after-catalytic-converters-stolen-from-vehicles-parked-in-hospital-car-park/
```

Information is sought following reports that catalytic converters were stolen from up to four vehicles parked in a hospital car park.

The vehicles, which belonged to staff at **Darent Valley Hospital** , are understood to have been targeted while they were parked in **Darenth Wood Road** between **8am** and **5.30pm** on **Monday 11 January 2021**.

At present no suspects have been identified however officers from the Dartford Community Safety Unit are conducting enquiries to establish the full circumstances.

Inspector Sarah Rivett, from the Dartford Community Safety Unit, said: 'Vehicle crime has a big impact on victims, who are left with costly repairs on top of having difficulty getting to work and supporting their families.

'It is particularly unpleasant that the offenders of this case think nothing of stealing from key workers who are providing exceptional care during a time of unprecedented difficulty and demand.

'We are reviewing the circumstances and will explore every reasonable line of enquiry. As part of this work, we would like to hear from anyone who has information, no matter how small, that can assist us.

'Anyone who may have seen something suspicious in the area, or who was driving nearby and believes their dash cameras have caught something suspicious, is asked to call us on **01474 366149** quoting **46/6159/21**.

'You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers in Kent anonymously on **0800 555 111** or complete the online form available via this link.'

There are steps that motorists can take that can reduce the chances of being targeted. This includes:

 * Contacting your car manufacturer as some sell clamps and security cages that make catalytic converters more difficult to steal;
 * Parking your vehicle in a garage, or a busy and well-lit area, whenever possible;
 * Consider installing good quality CCTV cameras;
 * Security-marking and registering the metal shell of the converter so we can return it to you if it is stolen and recovered.
