```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: An arrest was made in connection with a stolen bike as officers took to the area to disrupt those riders responsible for anti-social behaviour
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers in Dover target nuisance motorcyclists
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2007/officers-in-dover-target-nuisance-motorcyclists/
publish:
  date: 08:40 03/07/2020
title: Officers in Dover target nuisance motorcyclists | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2007/officers-in-dover-target-nuisance-motorcyclists/
```

A suspected bike thief has been arrested in **Aylesham** by officers working to reduce anti-social motorcycling.

Officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) were on patrol in **Dorman Avenue North, Aylesham,** during the **morning of Sunday 28 June** **2020** when they approached a person with a motorcycle.

During the incident, a PCSO was assaulted, and the rider left the scene on foot.

The bike, which was recovered by officers, was believed to be reported stolen from a car park in **Middle Street, Deal on 16 November 2019**.

A 19-year-old man from the Aylesham area was arrested shortly after on suspicion of stealing a motorcycle and assaulting an emergency worker.
He was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers from the Dover Community Safety Unit are working to disrupt nuisance riders.

## Ongoing work

The arrest is the latest result by officers who have been proactively targeting and disrupting those responsible for nuisance riding in the Dover district.

Since **April** officers from Kent Police's Dover Community Safety Unit (CSU) have issued at least 24 Section-59 warnings to motorcyclists across the district. The warnings, under the Road Traffic Act, are aimed at anti-social riding, and if the riders are stopped again for being a nuisance within a 12-month period, their vehicle can be seized and impounded.

To date, four vehicles have been seized by officers, one of which was following a Section-59 warning.

Cllr MJ Holloway, Dover District Council's cabinet member for community safety, said: 'This is part of a wider operation dealing with motorbike nuisance across the district, in particular noise over weekends and during the evenings. DDC will be working with Kent Police over the coming summer months to clamp down on anti-social behaviour involving motorbikes, which causes a real nuisance for local communities.'

Kent Police Inspector Fred McCormack of Dover CSU said: 'We understand the concerns reported to us regarding nuisance motorbikes in the area and it is not tolerated. CSU officers led by PC Maria Redgwell have been working hard to respond to reports made to us and they will continue to carry out patrols across the district with the aim of disrupting those responsible for this anti-social behaviour.

'We are grateful to members of the public who have reported these incidents and encourage them to continue reporting to help inform the action we are taking.'

One of the bikes recovered by officers
