```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Seven people have been arrested during a series of coordinated search warrants across Kent to tackle organised crime groups.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives target organised crime groups across Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/detectives-target-organised-crime-groups-across-kent/
publish:
  date: 16:04 25/03/2021
title: Detectives target organised crime groups across Kent | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2103/detectives-target-organised-crime-groups-across-kent/
```

Seven people have been arrested during a series of coordinated search warrants across Kent to tackle organised crime groups and the cultivation and supply of cannabis.

On **Wednesday 24 March 2021** , simultaneous activity took place at properties in **Medway, Maidstone** and the **Isle of Sheppey** as part of an investigation by the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate.

## Warrants

The warrants were executed at around **5.45am** , with enforcement centred around the operation of large-scale drug supply networks and money laundering offences.

At an address in **Second Avenue, Queenborough** , officers seized 59 sealed bags of cannabis weighing more than 1.5 kilograms as well as around £7,300 in cash.

In **Belmont Road, Gillingham** , a drugs cultivation was discovered across four rooms of a property, whilst almost £3,000 in cash was found at a location in **The Meadows, Tovil** , along with further suspected evidence of cannabis supply.

## Arrests

Six men and a woman were arrested.

**Craig Cook** , aged 45, of Second Avenue, Queenborough was later charged with conspiracy to produce cannabis, being concerned in the supply of cannabis and money laundering offences.

**Jake Everts** , aged 29, of The Meadows, Tovil, was charged with conspiracy to produce cannabis and being concerned in the supply of cannabis.

**Nam Vam Nguyen** , aged 30, of no fixed address was also charged with producing cannabis. These three were all remanded in custody to appear at Medway Magistrates' Court on Thursday 25 March.

## Further arrests

Two other suspects will also appear at court, on later dates. **Kim Harvie** , aged 45, of Second Avenue, Queenborough was charged with money laundering offences. She is bailed to Medway Magistrates' Court on 13 May.

**Daniel Kew** , aged 44 of Second Avenue, Queenborough, was charged with conspiracy to produce cannabis and is bailed to the same court on 20 May.

The two other men arrested, aged 22 and 48, were released pending further investigation.
