```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Connor Harrison was also sentenced for assaulting a child, two women and a Kent Police officer.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dangerous driver from Canterbury jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/dangerous-driver-from-canterbury-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:30 15/12/2020
title: Dangerous driver from Canterbury jailed | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/dangerous-driver-from-canterbury-jailed/
```

A Canterbury man who tried to evade arrest by driving dangerously down the Thanet Way before assaulting a police officer has been jailed for three years.

Patrols had to use a tactical stop against **Connor Harrison 's** car as he tried to do a U-turn on the **A229 Thanet Way** at speed with two deflated tyres. He was wanted for arrest after carrying out a string of offences in **Whitstable** earlier on **9 September 2020** , including assaults against two women and a child.

The 25-year-old, who was already the subject of a suspended sentence for controlling and coercive behaviour, had threatened and assaulted a woman known to him as well as members of her family.

Despite the sentence, he stood outside a property where the woman was staying and rang her repeatedly. He then used concrete blocks to damage her car and a window of the property. The glass window shattered over a child who was in the room at the time.

The offender then threw stones at a second woman, who tried to intervene.

Body worn camera footage which captures the moment Kent Police officers brought Harrison's car to a controlled stop.

Harrison left the scene and was later pursued by police on the Thanet Way.

Due to the dangerous nature of his driving, which included travelling on two deflating tyres after officers deployed a stinger, and the need to protect the public, tactical contact was used by specially trained officers to bring his car to a controlled stop.

When his car was stopped, he kicked, spat at and verbally abused officers.

Harrison, of Shalmsford Street, Canterbury, admitted dangerous driving, harassment, four counts of assault, including one against an emergency services worker, two counts of criminal damage and driving while disqualified.

He was sentenced at Canterbury Crown Court on Wednesday 9 December.

Detective Inspector Andy Bidmead said: 'Connor Harrison is a violent bully. He thought he could intimidate women and cause damage to other people's belongings, without any repercussions. He showed absolutely no respect to the law or other road users when he drove dangerously to evade arrest.

'It is not acceptable for anyone to be on the receiving end of this type of abuse and our officers will support any victims who find themselves facing a similar situation.'
