```yaml
area: Kent
og:
  description: Fines have been issued to party hosts in Canterbury, a man running a hotel in Darenth and a man who failed to self-isolate following a holiday abroad.
  image: https://www.kent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/kent/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kent Police issues further fines to those breaching Covid-19 regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/kent-police-issues-further-fines-to-those-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
publish:
  date: 14:43 17/12/2020
title: Kent Police issues further fines to those breaching Covid-19 regulations | Kent Police
url: https://www.kent.police.uk/news/kent/news2/policing-news/2012/kent-police-issues-further-fines-to-those-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
```

Further fines have been issued over the past week to individuals breaching Government Covid-19 regulations.

In **Canterbury** on **Wednesday 16 December 2020** officers were called to a suspected breach at a property in **Lancaster Road** where a party was taking place. Two women were issued with fixed penalty notices after admitting to hosting the event. This followed a separate party at a property in **York Road** on **Tuesday 8 December** where a woman was issued with a fine.

In **Darenth** on **Sunday 13 December** a man was issued with a fixed penalty notice of £1,000 for taking bookings at his hotel without carrying out the necessary checks to ensure those people booking rooms were doing so for essential reasons, such as key workers.

A man from **Dartford** has been issued with a fine after failing to self-isolate on his return to the UK following a trip to Turkey in **November**. When officers visited his home address he had gone to work at a coffee shop.

## Previous breaches

Previously, four people in **Gillingham** were also fined £200 each on Thursday 10 December for gathering inside a property in **Mill Road**. When police attended the flat to speak to those people involved, five officers reported being assaulted.

As such, three individuals were arrested and charged with assault of emergency workers. **Cayenne Abrahams** , 22, **Amier Abrahams** , 25, and **Kimley Abrahams** , 41 have since been released on bail to appear at Medway Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 23 February 2021.

Assistant Chief Constable Claire Nix said:

'This year has been far from normal and the threat of Covid-19 has not gone away. It is essential that we all continue to follow the rules to ensure we do not put ourselves or others at further risk of contracting a disease that has killed more than a million people worldwide.

'Kent remains in Tier 3, which means no household mixing is allowed either indoors or outside, pubs and restaurants must remain closed except for deliveries and takeaways, and people are advised against travelling into other regions. Exceptions will be allowed between 23 and 27 December when everyone will be able to form one Christmas bubble of up to three households.

'There will come a time when we will all be able to meet up with all our friends and family again and enjoy parties and other celebrations like we did before the pandemic.

'Until then Kent Police officers will not hesitate to take action against those who flagrantly break the rules and put other people's lives at risk. It is also not accepted that officers should be assaulted when carrying out their duties and we will do everything within our power to ensure offenders are put before the courts.

'Officers will continue to police in a sensible, proportionate and fair manner, and ask that everyone continues to take personal responsibility for controlling the spread of the virus and protecting themselves and others from harm.'
