```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Two new public appointments have been made to the Civil Nuclear Police Authority (CNPA), for a new chair and a new independent member.
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: "Appointments to the Civil Nuclear Police Authority \u2013 new chair and independent member"
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/appointments-to-the-civil-nuclear-police-authority-new-chair-and-independent-member
publish:
  date: 13 October 2016
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/appointments-to-the-civil-nuclear-police-authority-new-chair-and-independent-member
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority, Civil Nuclear Constabulary, and Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy

Two new public appointments have been made to the Civil Nuclear Police Authority (CNPA), for a new chair and a new independent member.

Mr Vic Emery OBE has been appointed as Chair of the CNPA, taking over from Sir Philip Trousdell KBE CB. Mr Emery has been appointed for a four year term following a recruitment process which followed guidance from the Office of the Commissioner of Public Appointments (OCPA).

Mrs Neelam Sarkaria has been appointed as a non-executive member of the CNPA, being appointed for a three-year term, following the same recruitment process regulated by the OCPA. Mrs Sarkaria replaces Stephen Barrett, who completed his term of appointment to the CNPA on 31st March 2016.

### Of Mr Emery’s appointment, Baroness Lucy Neville-Rolfe, Minister of State for Energy at the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy said:

“I would like to thank Sir Philip Trousdell for his outstanding contribution as Chair of the Civil Nuclear Police Authority from May 2011. He has made a lasting contribution to the organisation and to national security. I am delighted that Vic Emery has been appointed to this vitally important post. With his wealth of experience in policing and in the defence industries, I am confident that he will make a major contribution to ensuring our national security moving forward. I wish him every success in his new role.”

The outgoing Chairman, Sir Philip Trousdell said: “I am sad that my time as Chairman of the CNPA has come to an end. We have covered much change in the last five years, but, as my successor will discover, there is still much left to do.”

Mr Emery said:

“I am delighted to be appointed as the new Chair. The continuing safety and security of our nuclear establishments is an outcome that matters deeply to everyone in this country. It is an area of policing activity in which there is no discretion to fail, but which must continue to evolve. My career in both industry and governance has been forged around the fields of infrastructure, policing, and change. I believe that the strategic insights gained through that work will be important in ensuring that the organisation is focused on the public priority of sustained security for the decades ahead.”

### Of Mrs Sarkaria’s appointment, Baroness Neville-Rolfe said:

“Neelam Sarkaria brings with her a wealth of expertise and experience in the employment law and the criminal justice system. She will bring a new perspective to the Civil Nuclear Police Authority and assist in ensuring that the future capability and capacity of the Civil Nuclear Constabulary meets changing national requirements.”

Mrs Sarkaria added:

‘I am delighted to be appointed and am looking forward to working with the CNPA at this exciting time.’ Mrs Sarkaria is an experienced prosecutor and policy lawyer with extensive knowledge of the criminal justice system and was formerly Head of the Criminal Justice Unit.
