```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Next week the CNC will welcome 10 police officer transferees on a bespoke course to join the CNC.
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: New transferee course begins next week
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/new-transferee-course-begins-next-week
publish:
  date: 24 October 2019
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/new-transferee-course-begins-next-week
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

On Monday (28/10), the Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) will welcome 10 police officers who are transferring from Home Office police forces.

The 10 officers come from across the UK and bring with them a wealth of experience and skills having worked in many policing departments, including response, firearms, surveillance, public order, specialist operations, neighbourhood policing, CBRN, operational firearms command and firearms tactical advisor.

All officers on the transferee course will undertake a two-week induction programme at CNC headquarters in Oxfordshire where they be sworn in as officers of the CNC. They will cover areas of legislation, protective security and health and safety that are specific to the role of the Civil Nuclear Constabulary, as well as being issued with and trained in the use of Personal Protective Equipment.

Following the induction, the officers will embark upon their nationally accredited firearms course, the duration of which will depend upon the qualifications gained in their previous force. Eight of our 10 transferee officers will undertake a nine-week initial firearms training package. Two of our transferees bring with them a vast amount of firearms experience and are existing Armed Response Vehicle (ARV) officers. They will complete the induction followed by a one-week, bespoke firearms conversion course before being deployed to their operational unit.

Chief Constable Simon Chesterman said: “I am looking forward to meeting the transferee officers next week and welcoming them into the CNC. They bring with them a wealth of experience and we have designed a bespoke training package to ensure this is recognised whilst ensuring they are equipped to undertake their new roles with the CNC. I see them as a valuable addition to the existing CNC officer compliment.

“The CNC offers a unique challenge and excellent work/life balance in some beautiful parts of the UK, why not visit our jobs website to find out more?”

All transferees on the course join the CNC with their salary and annual leave entitlements at their last force being honoured.

We will be following one of our transferees, Kay, who is transferring to join the CNC from West Yorkshire Police, where she worked as a response officer, as she completes the course. In her first vlog, filmed for us at the weekend, Kay tells us about why she joined the CNC and how she feels about starting her training next week.

See Kay’s first vlog
