```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: "Two officers based at Hunterston have received certificates of achievements from Supt Martin O\u2019Kane for their work in helping a vulnerable woman they encountered when out on patrol."
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: Hunterston officers commended by Divisional Superintendent
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/hunterston-officers-commended-by-divisional-superintendent
publish:
  date: 22 April 2016
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/hunterston-officers-commended-by-divisional-superintendent
```

Last updated 27 April 2016 — see all updates

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

Two Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) police officers based at Hunterston have received certificates of achievements from Supt Martin O’Kane for their work in helping a vulnerable woman they encountered when out on patrol.

Last October, PC Allan Thomson (pictured left) and PC Christopher Cardwell (pictured right) and were on routine patrol as part of their duties, when they noticed a woman in Fairlie, who appeared distressed.

The officers stopped their vehicle and approached the woman, who was upset and disorientated, as she could not remember where she had parked her car or where she was staying. The officers spoke to the woman to keep her calm and reassure her, before contacting Police Scotland to carry out some enquiries.

The woman had been reported missing two days previously in Northumbria and her family were very worried about her. The officers spoke to their Home Office colleagues before driving her to a local hospital for a check-up, where she was reunited with her family.

Supt Martin O’Kane (pictured middle) presented both officers with a certificate of achievement last month to recognise their ‘positive and professional action in communicating and engaging with a vulnerable and distressed woman.’

Supt O’Kane, Divisional Superintendent for the North and Scotland, said: “I was pleased to present PCs Cardwell and Thomson with certificates in appreciation of their actions. Their recognition while on routine perimeter patrol that this woman was distressed and needed help meant they were able to get her to a place of safety and ultimately she was reunited with her family, who had understandably been very worried about her.

“The role of officers in the CNC is to protect civil nuclear sites and nuclear materials in England, Scotland and Wales, however incidents such as this demonstrate how they are willing and able to recognise other situations where people need help and ensure they assist in any way they can.

“PCs Cardwell and Thomson should be very proud of their actions.”
