```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Two Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) officers, who are based at Heysham power station, visited Lancaster &amp;amp; Morecambe College recently
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC officers visit public service students
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-visit-public-service-students
publish:
  date: 27 March 2017
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-visit-public-service-students
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

Two Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) officers, who are based at Heysham power station, visited Lancaster & Morecambe College recently to give a presentation to Public Service Level 2 and Level 3 students about their role in protecting nuclear facilities.

PC Shazaad Ahmed and PC Jack Walmsley, both Authorised Firearms Officers with the CNC, arrived in their full kit in a Civil Nuclear Constabulary vehicle. The students were able to examine the vehicle and kit that officers use every day in their national counter-terrorism role.

Shazaad and Jack outlined the functions of the CNC and explained their roles and responsibilities. After outlining the physical and interpersonal requirements to become an officer in the CNC, including the fitness bleep test and firearms training, which are continually assessed during their employment, the students got a chance to put their own questions to the officers about what it takes to become an officer at the CNC.

The recruitment process was explained to the students, outlining that as a national police force we are based at 10 sites across the country, and training is carried out annually at one of our three firearms ranges.

PC Ahmed said: “This was a great opportunity to meet with local students and explain about what the function of the CNC is.

“Everyone was really engaged and had some searching questions for us, and they all enjoyed the chance to inspect our kit and police car. I hope some of them will consider the CNC as a career in their future plans.”

LMC Public Service Tutor Barry Robson said: “The students really enjoyed the presentation to find out about life in the Civil Nuclear Constabulary and the practical opportunity to inspect the real life vehicle and armoury. It also gave the students an opportunity to hear about the potential career pathways and employability skills required for employment within the Civil Nuclear Constabulary.”
