```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: After six months of relentless training, four CNC officers from the Firearms Training Unit (FTU) at Sellafield are completing an Ironman distance challenge
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC officers tackle Ironman challenge this weekend in memory of late colleague
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-tackle-ironman-challenge-this-weekend-in-memory-of-late-colleague
publish:
  date: 12 June 2017
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-tackle-ironman-challenge-this-weekend-in-memory-of-late-colleague
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

After six months of relentless training, four Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) officers from the Firearms Training Unit (FTU) at Sellafield are completing an Ironman distance challenge on Sunday in memory of PC Phil Mitchell.

Phil, aged 54, sadly lost his battle with cancer in July last year, and Supt Glenn McAleavey, PC Amanda McAleavey, Insp Tim Ferris and PC Andrew Bailey are taking part in the Lakesman Triathlon in his memory and raising money for Cancer Research.

On Sunday 18 June, they will swim 2.4 miles, cycle 112 miles, then run a marathon (26.2 miles), around the Lake District to raise as much money as they can for Cancer Research UK.

Phil joined the CNC in September 2012 and served as a firearms instructor at Sellafield. He had previously served 30 years as a firearms instructor with West Yorkshire Police, joining in 1980 and retiring in November 2010.

Supt Glenn McAleavey said: “We sadly lost a true friend and professional when Phil lost his battle with cancer after a courageous fight and with much dignity. He had such a positive impact on people as a friend, colleague and teacher. The main drive for us has been to raise money and awareness for the fight against cancer and to prevent us all losing people too early when they have still got so much more to give, and to support families who go through the pain of that loss.

“We want to show Phil’s family that he is still deeply missed by colleagues at the CNC and continue to support them through this difficult time. We will also be naming a suite at the new Sellafield Training Facility the Mitchell Suite in Phil’s memory.

“The training has been challenging at times but we are glad to be in the final stretch before the big event on Sunday, but it’s been an honour to take part in Phil’s memory and I hope we can raise as much money as possible for Cancer Research UK in the process.”

If you would like to sponsor Glenn and the team, please visit their Just Giving page to donate. To find out more about the Lakesman Triathlon, visit their website.
