```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) police officers based at Hinkley Point launch Project Servator today (30/10), an innovative and collaborative community approach to policing.
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC Hinkley Point launches Project Servator - Trust your Instincts
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-hinkley-point-launches-project-servator-trust-your-instincts
publish:
  date: 30 October 2020
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-hinkley-point-launches-project-servator-trust-your-instincts
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

Project Servator will see highly visible yet unpredictable deployments of specially trained officers around the Hinkley Point site and the surrounding local community. The operational deployments involve officers working together with our communities to report suspicious activity. These officers are deployed to deter, help detect, and provide reassurance and confidence to members of the public.

The tactics used as part of Project Servator are not new and are used regularly by other police forces around the country, including at several other sites policed by the CNC. They have been developed to enhance the effectiveness of our resources and not as a response to any change in threat.

Supt Donna Jones, who is leading on the implementation of the project across the Constabulary, said: “We are deploying these additional tactics to further complement the operational activity that exists in and around our Operational Policing Units. Our aim is to build upon relationships with partners as well as businesses and communities.

“These tactics are not new but allow us to have a focus on community engagement. This is not restricted to the Hinkley Point site but also to the surrounding area. We are aware of the vast amount of information members of our community have and they are aware of what is out of the ordinary. All we ask is that they report any suspicions to us.

“The deployments will be unpredictable and on occasion may be highly visible or more covert on another. The aim is to work with our local communities to deter any hostile threat.

“Remember, trust your instinct and report any suspicious activity directly to the CNC by calling 03303 138146.”

The CNC is the armed police force in charge of protecting civil nuclear sites and nuclear materials in England, Scotland and Wales. We employ over 1,500 highly trained police officers and police staff across the UK. Counter terrorism is a major part of our policing.

The CNC have their own Twitter, Facebook and Instagram page, so keep up-to-date with recruitment information, Servator deployments or anything CNC by searching for us and giving us a follow. You can also find out about recruitment opportunities at our CNC Jobs website
