```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: On 11 September, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) entered into a joint patrolling initiative with Kent Police which has seen officers from both forces on patrol together within the local community.
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC and Kent Police joint initiative going strong one month after launch
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-and-kent-police-joint-initiative-going-strong-one-month-after-launch
publish:
  date: 12 October 2020
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-and-kent-police-joint-initiative-going-strong-one-month-after-launch
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

In the relatively short period since it began, Kent Police and the CNC have conducted a number of patrols together around Lydd, New Romney and the wider force area of Folkestone and Hythe.

The initiative is intended to further enhance the protective security arrangements around the Dungeness Nuclear Site, through closer working and interoperability between the two forces, whilst supporting the local community with an increase in visible police presence.

PC Lee Stokes, based at Dungeness, said: “Having supported Kent Police locally for many years it is great to be able to get out and about with them to see the sorts of jobs they attend. It’s not only a good relationship builder but it affords us the opportunity to build on our skills within the general policing arena, taking that experience back to our colleagues at Dungeness.”

Insp Andy Oatham, Unit Commander at Dungeness, said: “The feedback from our officers has been very good. They have dealt with a number of incidents ranging from domestic abuse to theft. This operational exposure is crucial in giving our officers the ability to fully support our Home Office colleagues whilst maintaining our protection of critical national infrastructure.”

Inspector Andy Brittenden, from Kent Police, said: “We are really excited about this project as it is giving officers from both forces the opportunity to work together, share their skills and experience and provide a first class service to the residents of Folkestone, Hythe and the Romney Marsh.”

The initiative has also given Kent Police the opportunity to increase their first responder capability. All CNC officers are trained to a national standard of first aid including the use of defibrillators, with some officers trained additionally as Police Medics giving them an advanced CPR capability. This in turn can offer greater life support prior to the arrival of the ambulance service.
