```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: A CNC officer based at Hinkley Point will fly to Los Angeles next month, after being invited to take part in the LA 2017 World Police and Fire Games.
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC officer flies to LA to compete in International Games
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officer-flies-to-la-to-compete-in-international-games
publish:
  date: 21 July 2017
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officer-flies-to-la-to-compete-in-international-games
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

PC James St Leger took part in the CrossFit Open competition in March 2017, along with 324,307 other people across the world. Every entrant competes across five different workouts over five weeks, including various weight-lifting challenges, strength tests and endurance events.

James finished eighth in the UK in the general category. There was also a subsection for police officers, firefighters, the military, and other emergency workers, where he finished first in Europe and seventh in the world in the police category.

As a result of his amazing results, the CrossFit Games organisers have invited James to compete in an invite only, three day CrossFit competition, in the Elite category. He will be flying out to Los Angeles on 12 August, with the competition starting the very next day. Around 8,000 athletes, representing more than 65 countries over 65 Olympic style sports, will be taking part in the Games.

James’s training in the lead up to this competition has had to be extremely varied, as he will not know the exact details of the workouts until the day of competition. He is expecting there to be tests of strength, aerobic fitness, barbell and gymnastics movements - most likely with some of them mixed together to form very gruelling workouts.

PC St Leger said: “As part of my role as an Authorised Firearms Officer it is important I am fit to be able to carry out my role protecting critical national infrastructure, and events like these really push me to my limit!

“It’s an honour to be invited to the games in LA and I will be the only police officer from the UK competing in the event, so I hope I can do my country and UK policing proud! I have set up a Just Giving page and would be so grateful if anyone wanted to sponsor me. Any money raised will be split between the charity the Police Treatment Centre and offsetting some of the cost of the trip, which I am funding myself.”

To sponsor James and find out more about his endeavours, visit his Just Giving page. To find out more about the World Police and Fire Games, visit their website.
