```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: "Construction of a new \xA339m training facility for the Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) began on Monday 16 May in West Cumbria."
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: "Work underway on \xA339m nuclear training centre"
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/work-underway-on-39m-nuclear-training-centre--2
publish:
  date: 16 May 2016
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/work-underway-on-39m-nuclear-training-centre--2
```

Last updated 17 May 2016 — see all updates

From:
 Nuclear Decommissioning Authority, Civil Nuclear Police Authority, and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

The new accredited training facility will help deliver CNC’s operational requirements to support the nuclear mission. The centre will consist of a four-storey hub with classrooms, operational stores and offices, alongside communal use areas. Two connected buildings will house live fire training arenas.

The facility will be owned, and developed by, the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) and leased to the CNC. Morgan Sindall has been appointed to construct the facility with Deloitte Real Estate providing project management and cost consultancy support.

Key individuals from CNC, NDA, Morgan Sindall and Deloitte’s, were joined by community representatives to break ground at the 14 acre site, which is close to Sellafield. Construction and fit out is due to be completed early December 2017, with the facility operational by January 2018.

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Armitt, CNC, said: “I am pleased that work has begun at the new facility today which gets construction of the training centre underway. The construction of the new range is an exceptional example of working with our partners and engaging with the local community to ensure any adverse impact on residents will be minimised.

“The new training facilities represent an important and necessary step forward for the CNC, ensuring we continue to effectively deliver our mission of maintaining public safety and protecting civil nuclear sites. It will allow us to continue to meet the most stringent armed policing standards set by the College of Policing and UK Government regulatory standards for the protection of nuclear sites such as Sellafield.”

Kenna Kintrea, NDA Assurance Director said: “Excellent partnership working and engagement by CNC and ourselves with the designers, architects, contractor and borough council, have meant we have secured a site, budget, design and planning permission to start work. This is a crucial facility for the constabulary in its support to the nuclear clean-up and decommissioning mission. Morgan Sindall embrace the Considerate Constructor scheme, and as with Albion Square in Whitehaven, that should bring a safe and responsible with positive local impacts.

“I look forward to seeing the finished facility; completed safely, on time and within budget, which will add to the network of importance local infrastructure that supports the nuclear industry.”

Andy Hall, Managing Director of Construction North at Morgan Sindall said: “The security of the nation’s critical infrastructure is clearly of national importance and interest. At the frontline of this protection are the staff of the CNC who need the very best facilities in which to train and maintain their preparedness. It is enormously gratifying to be entrusted to deliver such an important project for the nation and we are keen to translate this sense of responsibility into a fantastic end product.”

Notes for Editors

 1. CNC \- The Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) is the armed police force in charge of protecting civil nuclear sites and nuclear materials in England, Scotland and Wales, who are governed by the Civil Nuclear Police Authority (CNPA). The CNC employ over 1,500 police officers and members of staff across the UK’s nuclear sites. Working in partnership with the civil nuclear industry, national security agencies and regulatory bodies, the CNC will deter any attacker whose intent is the theft or sabotage of nuclear material whether static or in transit. If an attack occurs CNC will defend that material and deny access to it. If material is seized or high consequence facilities compromised the CNC will recover control of the facility and regain custody of the material. We police each nuclear site in line with Nuclear Industry Security Regulations.

 2. NDA – The Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) is a non-departmental government body responsible for the safe & secure clean-up and decommissioning of 17 civil nuclear sites across the UK. The CNC Training Facility is being developed by NDA Properties Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the NDA.

 3. Morgan Sindall is a UK construction, infrastructure and design business with a network of local offices. The company works for private and public sector customers on projects and frameworks from £50,000 to over £1 billion. Activities range from small works and repair and maintenance, to the design and delivery of complex construction and engineering projects where it is able to provide specialist design, tunnelling, utilities, building, civil engineering and mechanical and electrical services. The company operates across the commercial, defence, education, energy, healthcare, industrial, leisure, retail, transport and water markets. Morgan Sindall is part of Morgan Sindall Group plc, a leading UK construction and regeneration group with revenue of over £2 billion and which operates through five divisions of construction and infrastructure, fit out, affordable housing, urban regeneration and investments.

Press and media enquiries and requests for photographs and artist’s impressions can be made to:

NDA – Brian Hough or call 01925 802177

CNC – Rebecca Webber or call 01235 466468

Morgan Sindall – Steve Sanders or call 0161 935 8474
