```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: "Three Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) officers cycled from Cumbria to Newcastle in a day on Saturday (7/1) to raise money for Alexander\u2019s Journey."
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: CNC officers go coast to coast for Alex
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-go-coast-to-coast-for-alex
publish:
  date: 10 January 2017
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officers-go-coast-to-coast-for-alex
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

A/Insp Matt Fowler and Sgt Tim Cook, both based at Sellafield, and Sgt Tom Davies, who is based at Hartlepool, completed the 112-mile cycle ride in under eight hours to help raise money for Alex Goodwin, a nine-year-old boy with Ewing Sarcoma, a very rare type of bone cancer which affects fewer than 30 children a year.

The three CNC officers started their epic journey at 7am on a dark, rainy, foggy and cold Saturday morning at Workington. After traversing Hadrian’s Wall (and too many hills to count) the trio arrived in Newcastle city centre 112 miles away.

Matt Fowler said: “Having never cycled this far before in my life, there were moments of doubt leading up to the day but that all changed when Alex left us a video message. It gave us the encouragement and inspiration we needed and brought home exactly why we were riding. So far, we have raised over £1,460 for Alexander’s Journey. We would all like to say a big thank you to everyone who has donated to the cause and to all those colleagues who helped us with the bike ride.

“Alex is currently in America having the first stage of his treatment, however the fundraising efforts continue and even though we have completed our cycle, we are still raising funds to support this amazing cause and you can still donate via our Just Giving page.”

Alex’s dad Jeff is a former CNC sergeant now serving with Warwickshire Police. Jeff has been fundraising to raise £120,000 to take advantage of the latest treatments for Alex’s type of cancer, including Proton Beam Therapy and other treatments which may not be available to Alex on the NHS.

News of Alex’s progress and details of the incredible fundraising efforts which have been undertaken by police forces and other emergency services from across the country are available on Alex’s website.
