```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Chief Constable Simon Chesterman was at Harwell Operational Policing Unit (OPU) this week to award a Long Service and Good Conduct Medal and two Commendations to officers for going above and beyond in their role
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: Chief Constable commends Harwell officers
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/chief-constable-commends-harwell-officers
publish:
  date: 26 February 2021
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/chief-constable-commends-harwell-officers
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

PC Sandy Meston (pictured top) received a Long Service and Good Conduct Medal for 21 years service with the CNC, having joined the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary (UKAEAC) at Harwell in 2000. During his time with the CNC he has also served at Sizewell OPU and in our Command and Control Centre at Culham HQ. His citation with his medal highlighted how PC Meston had been a reliable and committed officer, with incredibly high standards and work ethic.

PC Andrew Dixon (pictured bottom left) and PC Adam Tinsley (pictured bottom right) were awarded Chief Constables Commendations for their role in dealing with a fear for welfare incident in late 2019. Having been asked to assist with a fear for welfare call for a young woman, they located her near to the A34 and at great risk to their own personal safety, pursued her onto the carriageway and stopped her, or any road users, coming to any harm. Despite PC Tinsley sustaining a back injury in the incident, the young woman was safely handed over to officers from Thames Valley Police for her protection.

Chief Constable Simon Chesterman said: “It was a real privilege to hand out these awards to three exceptional officers this week. PC Meston has provided the CNC and the public with over two decades of committed and exceptional service. His conduct throughout has been exemplary and it was great to be able to thank him in person for his service.

“PCs Dixon and Tinsley rightly received a Chief Constables commendation for their brave actions putting themselves at potential risk to protect a vulnerable young woman and ensure she received the help she needed. They should be very proud of their actions that evening, which ensured a potentially dangerous situation ended calmly and safely.”
