```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: "A CNC officer based at Sellafield will be cycling 950 miles next month to raise money for Alex\u2019s Journey."
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: "CNC officer cycles from Land\u2019s End to John O\u2019Groats for Alex\u2019s Journey"
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officer-cycles-from-lands-end-to-john-ogroats-for-alexs-journey
publish:
  date: 12 July 2017
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/cnc-officer-cycles-from-lands-end-to-john-ogroats-for-alexs-journey
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

Insp Andrew Potter will cycle from Land’s End to John O’Groats over 12 days to support Alex Goodwin, a 10-year-old boy suffering from Ewing Sarcoma – a rare bone cancer that affects children.

Efforts to raise money to send Alex to America for treatment have been ongoing for months, led by Alex’s father Jeff Goodwin, who is a former Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC) sergeant and is now a serving officer with Warwickshire Police. Hundreds of thousands of pounds have been raised to allow Alex to receive ground-breaking surgery and specialist radiation therapy in America. He should return home in August, but the fundraising efforts will continue to allow his treatment to continue.

Andrew has been training hard and will begin his epic journey on Thursday 3 August. He said: “Having worked closely with Jeff and remained a close friend, I have been inspired by his ongoing determination to get Alex the treatment he needs.

“As a result, Alex has already received life-saving treatment in America, having his femur replaced with a telescopic prosthesis which will lengthen as his body grows, and has successfully undergone radiotherapy.

“Alex will need significant aftercare over the coming years and beyond and by completing this challenge, I hope to raise at least £1,000 to fund specialist physiotherapy to help him with his recovery.”

As well as Andrew’s 950 mile journey, other fundraising efforts include the release of a book written by Alex and his father about his experiences, the selling of charity wristbands, and the release of the single ‘Horizon on my mind’, which was supported by emergency services from across the country.

Andrew continued: “The thought of cycling nearly 1,000 miles is daunting, but it’s nothing compared to what Alex has been through and continues to face with such courage. He is such a brave and upbeat little boy and I hope to raise as much money as possible to support him on his journey.”

Jeff Goodwin, Alex’s father, said: “I am so grateful to Andrew for doing this fundraiser and pleased that the CNC and its officers as part of the thin blue line have continued to support Alexander’s Journey.”

To sponsor Andrew, please visit his Crowdfunding page. To find out more about Alex’s Journey, please visit his website.
