```yaml
area: Civil Nuclear
og:
  description: Facebook Fitness Focus event shows how to stay fit at home
  image: https://www.gov.uk/assets/static/opengraph-image-a1f7d89ffd0782738b1aeb0da37842d8bd0addbd724b8e58c3edbc7287cc11de.png
  site:
    name: GOV.UK
  title: Fitness Focus at home during lockdown
  type: article
  url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/fitness-focus-at-home-during-lockdown
publish:
  date: 24 June 2020
url: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/fitness-focus-at-home-during-lockdown
```

From:
 Civil Nuclear Police Authority and Civil Nuclear Constabulary

As an armed national infrastructure police force, it is vital our Authorised Firearms Officers remain fit and healthy so they can carry out their demanding role.

During the lockdown and the ongoing closure of gyms, maintaining fitness can be difficult to maintain and although the current lockdown restrictions have been relaxed in terms of exercise, gyms and other exercise outlets will not be reopening.

As a Constabulary we offer an excellent Occupational Health and Wellbeing provision, which includes fitness, and have been running a series of Fitness Focus videos for new recruits and current officers giving hints on tips on passing the Multi-Stage Fitness Test and maintaining fitness levels.

On Tuesday 23 June 2020, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary’s Health, Fitness and Wellbeing Manager, Chris Williams, hosted a Fitness Focus Facebook event

Although currently required to work from home due to Covid-19 restrictions, Chris got creative and filmed an ‘At Home’ special edition of his popular Fitness Focus series.

After sourcing questions from followers on social media, Chris spoke on various subjects relating to fitness, nutrition, and the CNC’s fitness assessment for recruitment candidates.

Questions covered themes such as reducing body fat, improving speed, the importance of nutrition, and how to build up your fitness level following a period of illness.

One question on remaining active whilst adapting to life in lockdown, resonated particularly well with Chris. You can view a clip on our YouTube channel

As well as answering questions, Chris also demonstrated a series of stretches suitable to support candidates when they undertake the fitness assessment.

One viewer who is currently preparing to undertake the fitness assessment said, “He’s doing a great job. I’m really enjoying the info he’s providing. There’s so much information provided in the videos and messages.”

Across Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter the Fitness Focus At Home videos received over 2,000 views in the first 24 hours.

As part of the recruitment process for the position of Authorised Firearms Officer, all candidates are required to attain level 7.6 on the Multi-Stage Fitness Test. Once a serving CNC AFO, you will also be required to undertake this test once a year as a continuing condition of employment.

Fitness assessments are currently on hold due to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. Candidates will be contacted to be invited to an event as soon as it is safe to resume.

You can watch the full playlist of videos from the event on the CNC’s YouTube channel

To see more of what we share with our followers on social media, follow the CNC on Facebook and Twitter
