```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Enquiries are continuing in the investigation
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Murder investigation: Woman released on police bail'
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-man/
publish:
  date: 19:28 30/11/2020
title: 'Murder investigation: Woman released on police bail | Leicestershire Police'
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-man/
```

Updated News Post

A woman arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man at a flat in Leicester has been released on police bail.

Officers were called at 11.25am on Friday (27 November) by a member of the public to a property in Fosse Road North regarding concern for a man inside.

On arrival, police found the body of a 51-year-old man inside the property. East Midlands Ambulance Service were also in attendance and the man was pronounced dead at the scene.

A post mortem examination confirmed the man had died from a single stab wound injury to his chest. A knife has been recovered from the scene.

Following initial enquiries, a man, aged 29, of Leicester, and a woman, also aged 29, of Leicester, were both arrested on suspicion of murder.

The man was released on police bail on Sunday evening (29 November). The woman has been released on police bail this evening.

The two people arrested were known to the alleged victim. At this stage, police are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.

Detective Inspector Kenny Henry said: "Our enquiries are very much continuing to establish the full circumstances as to how a man has lost his life.

"I would like to thank everyone who has helped us in this investigation so far and continue to appeal to anyone who has any information but has not yet spoken to us to get in touch. It is not too late to speak to us.

"Please think back to if you were in the area of Fosse Road North during the early hours of Friday morning or later on during that morning. Did you see or hear anything which caused you any concern? Do you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area which may be able to assist our investigation?

"If you have any information at all which you think could help us, I continue to urge you to get in touch with us."

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting incident 199 of 27 November.
