```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: As with previous years, Leicestershire Police has continued to plan ahead for the Christmas and New Year period to ensure officers are out in communities carrying out proactive patrols and working to keep residents safe.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Keeping you safe this festive season
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/keeping-you-safe-this-festive-season/
publish:
  date: 10:58 07/12/2020
title: Keeping you safe this festive season | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/keeping-you-safe-this-festive-season/
```

As the festive season of 2020 begins, Leicestershire Police officers will continue to be out and about working to keep you safe.

With the usual Christmas parties and nights out being cancelled this year, December will be a very different time in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland for many when compared to previous years.

And while we are encouraging people to enjoy themselves as much as they can throughout the festive month, it is also being asked that you look after yourselves and others, continue to follow Government guidelines and celebrate safely.

As with previous years, Leicestershire Police has continued to plan ahead for the Christmas and New Year period to ensure officers are out in communities carrying out proactive patrols and working to keep residents safe.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki said: "This year's festive celebrations are certainly going to be very different for us all following what has been a very difficult and challenging year for many.

"While we may not be able to socialise in the ways we usually would in the lead up to Christmas, we hope that people will still be trying to enjoy the festive season as much as they can with their households or support bubbles while adhering to Government guidelines.

"We have continued to plan ahead of this month to ensure we have resources in place to work with you to keep you safe and to allow you to enjoy the festive season as much as you can. This includes ensuring we have high visibility patrols in place as well as planning our response to potential incidents during what are usually some of the busiest nights of the year for us.

"We will be out and about and we will be there to help you, to keep you safe and to respond quickly and effectively to reports and incidents when we are required. What we ask from you is that you continue to work with us during this time too, adhering to Government guidelines and keeping yourselves and your families safe.

"Thank you for working with us in this way and thank you to all of our officers and staff who once again are giving up time with their own families during the festive season to help keep the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland safe."
