```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for more than two years after seriously injuring her passenger in a collision last year
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver jailed after seriously injuring passenger
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/driver-jailed-after-seriously-injuring-passenger/
publish:
  date: 10:48 31/08/2019
title: Driver jailed after seriously injuring passenger | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/driver-jailed-after-seriously-injuring-passenger/
```

A Leicester woman, who crashed her car while under the influence of drugs and alcohol seriously injuring her passenger, has been jailed for more than two years.

Polly-Anna Dundas, 26, appeared at Leicester Crown yesterday (Friday 30 August) where she pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

She was sentenced to 30 months imprisonment and given a 12 month driving ban.

Dundas, of Croft Close, Barwell will also have to pass an extended retest before being allowed behind the wheel again.

In the early hours of 22 September last year police were called to the scene of a single vehicle road traffic collision on Station Road in Elmesthorpe, Leicestershire.

Dundas's car, a silver Vauxhall Corsa, had left the road and careered down an embankment before colliding with trees.

Her passenger, a man in his early 20s, sustained a serious head injury and was taken to the University Hospital of Coventry and Warwickshire for treatment before being transferred to a hospital in Glasgow. He has since been discharged but continues to undergo rehabilitation for his injury.

Dundas sustained minor injuries in the crash and was taken to hospital before being discharged a few days later.

From tests carried out it became apparent that Dundas had been under the influence of alcohol and drugs when the incident happened.

Witnesses reported seeing Dundas drinking with friends in a nearby pub earlier that night.

Detective Sergeant Ady Keeble, from the force's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Even with all the national and local campaigning around the perils of drinking and driving there are still people who gamble with their and other people's lives.

"Because of her decision to drive after consuming alcohol, Dundas lost control of her vehicle and caused a life-changing injury to a young man who had a promising career ahead of him in the armed forces. His life will never be the same.

"Dundas has admitted the mistake she made that night and now has the time to reflect on her actions in prison."
