```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "&quot;I urge people to remain sensible this evening and respect the efforts being made by the many to protect each other.\u201D"
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police remind people not to break the rules ahead of lockdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-remind-people-not-to-break-the-rules-ahead-of-lockdown/
publish:
  date: 13:57 04/11/2020
title: Police remind people not to break the rules ahead of lockdown | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-remind-people-not-to-break-the-rules-ahead-of-lockdown/
```

Tomorrow (Thursday) we enter another period of national lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Officers from Leicestershire police are reminding people that they will use enforcement if rules are broken this evening (Wednesday)

The majority of people understand why the rules are in place but there still persists a small minority who are determined to ignore advice and legislation, therefore putting everyone else at risk from this deadly virus.

Assistant Chief Constable Kerry Smith, who leads on operational policing for the COVID response, said:

"I really want to thank all of the people in Leicestershire, Leicester and Rutland who have followed the rules throughout, often in challenging circumstances, to prevent the spread of the virus. It is clear to me that the majority take personal responsibility for themselves and their families, understanding that we are all in this together and it is up to us to keep ourselves safe.

"However, the small minority are making poor choices and putting others at risk from this disease.

"Often, my officers are dealing with parties or gatherings, arranged by people who believe themselves to be above the law and prepared to risk spreading the virus to others.

"This cannot happen. Without your co-operation we cannot contain the disease and although our approach has always been to engage, explain and encourage people, we are now in a position where we must use enforcement against people who take these risks. I cannot stress enough that anyone could face a 10k fine from police for breaking the rules.

"We all want to get life back to normal. However, we have to accept that isn't going to happen right now and those who are breaking the rules are prolonging the agony of others, their actions having an impact on local businesses, the NHS and people's lives.

"I urge people to remain sensible this evening and respect the efforts being made by the many to protect each other."
