```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A woman has admitted stabbing two people at an address in South Wigston.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/_stock-images/our-duty---in-court/in-court-rectangle-orange-soh.jpg?crop=(0,37,600,353)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman admits Leicester stabbings
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/woman-admits-leicester-stabbings/
publish:
  date: 14:10 07/01/2021
title: Woman admits Leicester stabbings | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/woman-admits-leicester-stabbings/
```

A woman has admitted stabbing two people at an address in South Wigston.

Hannah Burton, 25, appeared at Leicester Crown Court today (Thursday 7 January) where she admitted two counts of section 18 assault causing grievous bodily harm.

She will be sentenced on Tuesday 16 February.

Police were called to an address in Healey Street shortly before 12.30am on Wednesday 15 April following a report that a woman and a teenage boy had been assaulted inside the property.

Minutes earlier Burton - of Oxford Street, Shepshed - had been let into the house after one of the occupants noticed her acting visibly distressed in the street. Once inside she stabbed the woman, 35 and a boy, 15, before fleeing the scene.

At around the same time as the first call a member of the public telephoned police reporting a distressed woman trying to enter a house in nearby Garden Street.

Officers were deployed and Burton was immediately detained.

Inside the address in Healey Street officers and colleagues from the East Midlands Ambulance Service found the victims had suffered serious stab wounds. They were both taken to Nottingham's Queen's Medical Centre for treatment and later discharged.

The occupant of Garden Street was not injured during the incident.

Detective Inspector Mark Parish is from the force's Complex Investigation Team. He said: "This was a horrific incident where two people were left seriously injured in what is believed to be an unprovoked assault.

"They spent days being treated in hospital and I can imagine they were, and may still be, reliving the events of that night.

"I am pleased Burton has pleaded guilty today meaning the victims will not have to face the ordeal of a trial. I hope with this result they can begin to move forward with their lives and try to put the memory of that night behind them."
