```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police Sergeant takes on running challenge to raise money for charity.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police Sergeant runs Ultra marathon for charity
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/leicestershire-police-sergeant-runs-ultra-marathon-for-charity/
publish:
  date: 15:52 11/07/2019
title: Leicestershire Police Sergeant runs Ultra marathon for charity | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/leicestershire-police-sergeant-runs-ultra-marathon-for-charity/
```

Intense training, aching limbs and a few blisters won't stop a Leicestershire Police sergeant from running his first ultra-marathon, to raise funds for the leading charity 'Help for Heroes'.

Sergeant Pete Jelbert, 45, who lives in Market Harborough, is taking part in an event known as 'Race to the Stones' this weekend (Saturday 13 and Sunday 14 July). The race involves running for 32 miles on Saturday, camping overnight and then running another 30 miles the following day.

Pete, currently a neighbourhood sergeant at Market Harborough, has worked for Leicestershire Police for nearly 24 years.

In previous years, Pete has ran other events for a variety of different charities, as well as, 'The Wolf Run' which is a 10K mud run which he did for fun.

Due to his shift patterns, Pete has to ensure his training adapts to work duties, ensuring he will be physically ready for the big event. He enjoys running down the scenic canal trails, especially as the evenings are now getting lighter.

Pete said: "I am very excited to be running Race to the Stones 2019 in aid of Help for Heroes. This is the toughest challenge I've set myself, but knowing I will be raising money to help in the physical and psychological recovery of our service men and women is such a powerful motivator for me.

"I'm taking part in this ultra-endurance race because I have so much admiration and respect for the men and women who serve our country.

"If I can help them in their rehabilitation when they get back home, that's the least I can do to show my support."

Peter has set up a donation page for people who wish to support him in his journey of fundraising for an amazing cause.
