```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Forensic Investigators run summer school science workshop on fingerprinting
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Budding forensic scientists put to the test!
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/budding-forensic-scientists-put-to-the-test2/
publish:
  date: 08:05 14/08/2019
title: Budding forensic scientists put to the test! | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/budding-forensic-scientists-put-to-the-test2/
```

Police forensic scientists have been putting the next generation through their paces yesterday (Tuesday 13 August) as part of a forensic science taster session.

The children, aged seven to 11 were taking part in a school holiday science club at the King Richard III Visitor Centre, where they were treated to an insight into what it's like to be part of a forensic science team by officers from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU-FS),

EMSOU-FS is made up of forensic scientists from forces across the East Midlands, including Leicestershire Police.

An interactive morning saw the school kids start with some finger print testing. The children were tasked with working out what their finger print type was, before moving on to some powdering and ink printing work with specialised force equipment.

The morning was rounded off with a murder mystery type exercise, where the children had to work out who stole some sweets by applying the finger print training they had learnt earlier.

Nathan Lurkins from EMSOU-FS, said: "We're always looking to inspire the next generation and it's great to be able to give them an opportunity that otherwise would not have been presented to them.

"Forensic science is actually really broad and there are so many different avenues you can pursue within it, across the board.

"Education wise, we look at those with a Science background, with a minimum of A-levels - some roles will look at a higher standard of knowledge.

"Just as important, is a real interest in crime and a willingness to learn special techniques that enable us to understand crime scenes."

Rachel Ayrton, Learning and Interpretation Manager at the King Richard III Visitor Centre, said: "We're so pleased EMSOU-FS were able to join us at Science Club this week, we've been really looking forward to it.

"Our young scientists were fascinated to find out about all the clues we might leave behind at a crime scene and they all enjoyed dusting for fingerprints!

"Science Club has been really successful for us and it's thanks to partners such as Leicestershire Police that we've been able to deliver some really interesting practical sessions."
