```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The makeshift pub, complete with a bar, large screen television, and a pool table was discovered inside a premises in Morris Road, Leicester
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Fines issued after \u2018pop-up pub\u2019 discovered by officers"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/fines-issued-after-pop-up-pub-discovered-by-officers/
publish:
  date: 16:51 11/02/2021
title: "Fines issued after \u2018pop-up pub\u2019 discovered by officers | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/fines-issued-after-pop-up-pub-discovered-by-officers/
```

This was the 'pop-up pub' that officers discovered in Leicester yesterday evening (Wednesday) after acting on information received.

The makeshift pub, complete with a bar, large screen television, and a pool table was discovered inside a premises in Morris Road.

Officers carried out enforcement at the premises yesterday evening as the Leicester City match kicked-off.

Officers discover 'pop-up pub' in Leicester

Seven men were present at the premises and were each issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice of £200\. The amount of a FPN can vary depending on factors including when the fine is paid.

On entering the premises, the television was found to be connected to a Sky Box with the football on and canned and bottled alcohol was being consumed.

No money appeared to be being exchanged and there was no till present.

Sergeant Ben Widdowson said: "Officers acted on information received to carry out effective enforcement leading to seven people being issued with Fixed Penalty Notices.

"Gatherings such as this puts the lives of you, your family, your friends and people in your community at risk. We will take action on information received and while we continue to encourage, engage and explain in relation to the regulations, we will enforce when clear breaches of the regulations have been made.

"Times are challenging for everyone but please stay at home and keep yourselves and others safe.

"We do continue to thank everyone who is complying with the rules and understanding why they are in place as well as to those who are reporting breaches of the regulations to us."
