```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Retired Sergeant wins Lifetime Achievement Award at LeicestershireLive Heroes Awards 2020
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Retired Police Sergeant Clive Sparling wins Lifetime Achievement Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/retired-police-sergeant-clive-sparling-wins-lifetime-achievement-award/
publish:
  date: 15:54 09/09/2020
title: Retired Police Sergeant Clive Sparling wins Lifetime Achievement Award | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/retired-police-sergeant-clive-sparling-wins-lifetime-achievement-award/
```

Last night the LeicestershireLive Heroes Awards celebrated some of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland's most remarkable residents in the sixth annual ceremony.

The 2020 awards, took place virtually and recognised the extraordinary efforts of Leicestershire people who have made their communities proud.

Congratulations, to Mr Clive Sparling who won the Lifetime Achievement Award.

Clive was awarded this year's commendable Lifetime Achievement Award for his commitment to supporting the development of young people through the Explorer Scouting movement.

He performed this role alongside being a police officer from 1987-2017 and then returning as a police staff member. Clive has been a fully qualified scout leader for 34 years and runs his own explorer unit.

Through the Explorer Scouting movement, Clive has gone above and beyond for his scouts.

To ensure those young people receive as many opportunities as possible, Clive has voluntarily organised numerous events, funded international trips and accompanied his scouts on visits across the country - at times, using his own annual leave.

Clive was awarded for 34 years of dedication in his various roles with the Explorer Scouting Movement and commitment to supporting young people.

When asked how he felt about the award Clive said:

"I am humbled and honoured to have been recognised for my services in scouting, it was a total surprise and I thank the team at Leicestershire Police for nominating me and my wife Meryl for supporting me over the years.

I think it is important for us to engage with young people and provide a good role model, to help shape their future, in turn they give back and become positive members of our community.

I look forward to continuing my role as a scout leader and supporting as many of the youth as I can."

 The force was also represented by finalists in two other categories.

Special Inspector James Blackburn, was nominated as Volunteer of the Year. James was nominated for coordinating the response of 130 special constables to the Covid-19 crisis and became instrumental in how they have been deployed across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

PC Steve Plumb and PC Nicky Whitehead were finalists in the Emergency Services of the Year category that was proudly sponsored by Leicestershire Police.

Steve is a dedicated police officer who was nominated for his commitments outside of his role. In his free time, Steve is a mentor for young people struggling with life and school. He meets with them regularly and tries to help them to overcome their struggles in life.

Nicky is a committed police officer who was nominated for his charitable contributions in the community. Following the loss of a colleague a couple of years ago, Nicky decided to honour his memory and raise money for the local community of St Matthew's by signing up for the London Marathon.

Well done to all the nominees and winners in this year's awards.
