```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Jagdip Dhesi was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Monday).
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for causing death by dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/man-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
publish:
  date: 13:05 13/08/2019
title: Man jailed for causing death by dangerous driving | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/man-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
```

A driver who hit a student while trying to flee from police has been jailed.

Paul Radcliffe, 18, was hit by a Mercedes S350 driven by 30-year-old Jagdip Dhesi in Stoughton Drive South in the early hours of 19 January.

Dhesi, of Tennis Court Drive, was jailed for four years and eight months when he appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Monday 12 August).

He was also banned from driving for 76 months.

Police became aware of Dhesi's vehicle after it was seen by officers in a car overtaking two other vehicles at speed, crossing onto their side of the road. The officers, who were travelling in the opposite direction, turned their vehicle around with the intention of stopping the Mercedes to speak to the driver.

When they turned on their blue lights, Dhesi accelerated in an attempt to make good his escape - and found himself behind another police car, which he then overtook and in doing so, collided with Mr Radcliffe, who was making his way to a bus stop with friends.

After colliding with Mr Radcliffe, Dhesi continued to drive on, failing to stop and eventually abandoning his car two-and-a-half miles away. Police, who were pursuing the Mercedes, stopped at the scene to tend to Mr Radcliffe, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

During the incident, officers noted the registration number of his car and police went to his home address, where he was arrested on his return - around an hour after the collision occurred. Dhesi was subsequently arrested and found to be over the drink-drive limit. He was later released on conditional bail.

Detective Sergeant Gary Haines, from Leicestershire Police's Serious Collision Investigation Unit (SCIU) said: "Dhesi had no intention of stopping for police.

"He knew he was over the drink-drive limit and therefore I believe he didn't want to stop and thought that he could make good his escape. This decision proved to be fatal, resulting in an innocent young man losing his life.

"I hope the fact that he admitted his crime - and been given a custodial sentence - will provide a small amount of relief to Mr Radcliffe's family, who are still coming to terms with their loss.

"My deepest condolences remain with them at this time."
