```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Police Cadet Tyler Hodkinson has been named as the Lord Lieutenant of Leicestershire\u2019s Young Person of the Year."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police Cadet named as the Lord Lieutenant\u2019s \u2018Young Person of the Year\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-cadet-named-as-the-lord-lieutenants-young-person-of-the-year/
publish:
  date: 12:26 19/11/2020
title: "Police Cadet named as the Lord Lieutenant\u2019s \u2018Young Person of the Year\u2019 | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-cadet-named-as-the-lord-lieutenants-young-person-of-the-year/
```

Police Cadet Tyler Hodkinson has been named as the Lord Lieutenant of Leicestershire's Young Person of the Year.

Tyler, 17, was nominated for the award following a remarkable act of bravery and selflessness at the scene of a road traffic incident in Whitwick.

At the scene of the incident, Tyler bravely put his feelings aside and performed first aid. When Tyler realised that there was nothing more he could do, he chose to stay with the child until help arrived.

After receiving the award at Lord Lieutenant Mike Kapur's virtual ceremony on Tuesday 17 November, Tyler said: "It was so heart-warming to be chosen as the winner, I really wasn't expecting it at all. I'd like to thank my cadet leaders, Lynette and Rich, and all of the other leaders who have been excellent in supporting me, as well as my parents and the army cadets.

"The months following the incident were quite difficult for me, but talking about it and interacting with people at cadet sessions really helped me. I've also enjoyed helping out with community engagement. Cadets gives me something positive to focus my time on."

Chief Constable Simon Cole congratulated Tyler on the award and thanked him for his brave actions.

He said: "The way in which Tyler handled a really distressing incident is nothing short of remarkable. He was the first person to step in and help, and he did everything he could to try and save a life in an extreme circumstance. He should be unbelievably proud of his actions. He's an outstanding Police Cadet and is a truly deserving winner of this award. Well done, Tyler."

Tyler's Cadet Leader, PCSO Lynette Rose, nominated him for the award and attended the virtual award ceremony on Tuesday.

She said: "I am so pleased for Tyler, he really does deserve this award. He is a pleasure to teach and is always willing to put himself forward by volunteering to assist with community events through the police cadets. He is always willing to volunteer his time to better the lives of others.

"I would like to wish him all the very best in his future career, whether he chooses a career in the Army or Police service, I know he'll make a fantastic officer."

Tyler is hoping to join the military police after he completes his A Levels next year. He's also completing his Bronze Duke of Edinburgh award through the force.
