```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Inspector Jamie Osborne takes up his new position today (Monday 10 August)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New commander takes over policing Hinckley and Blaby
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/new-commander-takes-over-policing-hinckley-and-blaby/
publish:
  date: 10:08 10/08/2020
title: New commander takes over policing Hinckley and Blaby | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/new-commander-takes-over-policing-hinckley-and-blaby/
```

Hinckley and Blaby Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA) is welcoming a new commander.

Inspector Jamie Osborne takes up his new post today (10 August), replacing Emma Maxwell who is currently working at the rank of Chief Inspector.

Jamie has worked in policing for nearly 27 years - spending much of his time as a frontline officer in both neighbourhood policing and response, mainly in the Loughborough area.

He also spent eight years in the roads traffic team and most recently spent the last year coordinating the delivery of officer driver and skills training across four regional police forces.

In his new role Jamie will be working closely with local partners, as well as Detective Inspector Emma Matts - who under the new policing model that came into effect on 11 March this year, oversees the team of detectives who investigate crime in the Hinckley and Blaby area.

"I am really looking forward to getting started and building on the great work of Emma [Maxwell] and the rest of the neighbourhood teams." said Jamie.

"I've already met some of the partners I'll be working closely with but I now want to get out and meet the people who live and work in my policing area and hopefully get involved in some of our community engagement events when they are back up and running.

"Hinckley and Blaby is quite diverse in that we have a busy town centre, but also small villages and fairly rural communities too. I am keen to try to speak to people from all areas so I can understand what is important to each of them."

On departing her role, Emma Maxwell said: "I feel privileged to have been part of Hinckley and Blaby NPA and to have been able to work with so many amazing people not least my fabulous policing teams, our partners at Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council and Blaby District Council, our councillors, volunteering groups and all the members of the community who have advised, assisted and challenged me in my time there.

"What has been clear throughout is the capacity and the willingness of everyone to work together. It is fair to say that all achievements over the years have been team, community and partnership achievements.

"Working together is the way to achieve results and with the new policing model now firmly in place I am certain that the NPA will continue to go from strength to strength under Jamie's leadership.

"Thank you all for your support and I wish Jamie all the best for the future."

Chief Inspector Emma Maxwell hands over the reins to Inspector Jamie Osborne
