```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Two prolific burglars who carried out a number of burglaries in the city centre targeting student accommodation have been jailed after a hearing at Leicester Crown Court on Thursday (13 August).
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglars who targeted student accommodation jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/burglars-who-targeted-student-accommodation-jailed/
publish:
  date: 10:57 18/08/2020
title: Burglars who targeted student accommodation jailed | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/burglars-who-targeted-student-accommodation-jailed/
```

Two prolific burglars who carried out a number of burglaries in the city centre targeting student accommodation have been jailed after a hearing at Leicester Crown Court on Thursday (13 August).

Steven Tattershall and Ian Goddard pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to their parts in seven incidents during May.

Tattershall was convicted of six burglary (other than dwelling) offences, two counts of assault on an emergency worker and one count of making threats of violence.

The 47-year-old of no fixed address attacked two police officers while he was in the custody suite. The officers were not injured during the incident. He was sentenced to three years in prison.

Goddard, 33 formerly of Vaughan Way, Leicester, was convicted of three counts of burglary (other than dwelling) and one count of attempted burglary. He was sentenced to two years in prison.

The incidents occurred at student flats in Colton Square, Newarke Street, Newarke Point, Southgates, Eastern Boulevard and Upperton Road between 19 May and 31 May.

During the incidents a number of items were stolen including cash from vending machines, parcels from communal postal areas, Sky TV box, televisions and a push bike.

Detective Constable Imran Isat was the investigating officer, he said: "CCTV from some of the incidents was captured and this led to Tattershall being identified by local officers. Goddard was seen acting suspiciously near some flats in the Upperton Road area and was in the process of stealing a bike when he was arrested.

"Burglaries leave a massive impact on the victims and the local communities. We are pleased the defendants have admitted their involvement in these offences and we hope the time they now serve in prison will give them a chance to reflect on their behaviour and the impact their crimes have on the victims."

Inspector Adam Archer from the Central Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA), said: "The defendants are prolific offenders and have been known to commit crimes across the city. Tattershall was extremely aggressive towards officers when he was arrested and then tried to assault the arresting officer and, later one of the detectives who was due to question him.

"Officers come face-to-face with situations like this all the time but it doesn't mean it's acceptable to behave in this manner."
