```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police have released a second image of 17-year-old Tuan Van Nguyen as enquiries continue to find him
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enquiries continue to find teenage boy reported missing from Wigston
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/teenage-boy-missing-from-wigston/
publish:
  date: 16:02 12/02/2021
title: Enquiries continue to find teenage boy reported missing from Wigston | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/teenage-boy-missing-from-wigston/
```

Updated News Post

Officers are continuing to appeal for public help to find a teenage boy who has been reported missing from Wigston.

Tuan Van Nguyen, 17, was last seen in the Newton Lane area of Wigston between 1pm and 3pm on Wednesday (10 February).

Tuan, who is Vietnamese and doesn't speak English, is described as 5ft 5ins tall and of a slim build. He has dark hair and is clean shaven with a spotty complexion. He is missing the little finger on his right hand and also the tip of his fourth finger.

When last seen he was wearing a T-shirt, dark grey jogging bottoms, a dark blue hoody, a blue Puffa jacket and white trainers. He may have a small notepad with him containing both Vietnamese and English phrases.

Police have released a further image today of Tuan wearing the coat he is believed to have been wearing at the time he was reported missing.

An appeal has also been issued as below in Vietnamese.

Tuan has an inability to walk far and his legs will tire easily.

It is out of character for Tuan to be missing and as time passes officers are growing increasingly concerned for his welfare.

Full enquiries are continuing to help find Tuan including CCTV enquiries, house to house enquiries and ongoing searches.

Anyone who has seen Tuan or a boy matching his description or who has any information regarding his whereabouts is urged to call 101 quoting incident 347 of 11 February.

Translation of appeal in Vietnamese:

Cậu be mất tich từ Wigston

Cac quan chức, quan tam đến quyền lợi của một cậu be thiếu nien bị mất tich ở Wigston đang keu gọi sự giup đỡ của cong chung để tim cậu ấy.

 Nguyễn Văn Tuấn 17 tuổi, được nhin thấy lần cuối tại khu vực Newton Lane của Wigston từ 1 giờ chiều đến 3 giờ chiều hom qua (Thứ Tư ngay 10 thang 2).

 Tuấn, người Việt Nam va khong noi được tiếng Anh, được mo tả la cao 5ft 5ins va co than hinh mảnh khảnh. Cậu be co mai toc đen va được cạo sạch sẽ với nước da trắng ngần. Cậu ấy bị thiếu ngon ut tren ban tay phải va đầu ngon tay thứ tư.

 Lần nhin thấy cuối cung, cậu ấy mặc một chiếc ao phong, quần chạy bộ mau xam đậm, ao khoac Puffa mau xanh va giay thể thao mau trắng. Be co thể mang theo một cuốn sổ ghi chu nhỏ chứa cả cụm từ tiếng Việt va tiếng Anh.

 Tuấn khong co khả năng đi xa va chan sẽ dễ bị mỏi.

 Việc Tuấn mất tich la một điều hết sức bất thường va cang ngay cac sĩ quan cang lo lắng cho phuc lợi của cậu be.

 Bất cứ ai đa thấy Tuấn hoặc một cậu be phu hợp với mo tả tren, xin vui long gọi 101 trich dẫn sự cố 347 của ngay 11 thang Hai.
