```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police would like to thank people for staying at home, protecting the NHS and staying safe.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police thank those who stay at home but see increase in reports and FPNs given out for Covid breaches
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/Police-thank-those-who-stay-at-home-but-see-increase-in-reports-and-FPNs-given-out-for-COVID-breaches/
publish:
  date: 10:00 22/01/2021
title: Police thank those who stay at home but see increase in reports and FPNs given out for Covid breaches | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/Police-thank-those-who-stay-at-home-but-see-increase-in-reports-and-FPNs-given-out-for-COVID-breaches/
```

Police would like to thank people for staying at home, protecting the NHS and staying safe.

During this lockdown, which for some is the toughest yet, the majority of people are complying with the rules and working together to keep each other safe.

This week the UK death toll reached its highest. Hospitals and medical staff are under increasing pressure. The hope was that the pandemic could not get worse, it is now clear that the NHS are inundated with Covid patients like never before.

Assistant Chief Constable Kerry Smith said: "We are all doing this together and our officers are supporting the NHS effort as best we can.

"We are really grateful for all of those people who are staying in and not taking risks. By doing this you are enabling us to do our job tackling crime and supporting victims.

"We have certainly seen an increase in reports to us of Covid rule breaches and therefore as a result we are handing out more Fixed Penalty Notices. We share the public's frustration that the small minority are still taking terrible risks but we continue to police to keep people safe."

Since 4 January, officers have issued a total of 361 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) to the value of £72,200.

There have been a further 1,246 reports of Covid incidents to police and there were a staggering 22 assaults on police.

Since 23 March 2020, Leicestershire Police has given out a total of 1,298 FPNs and has received a total of 20,996 reports of Covid incidents. This is around 488 average reports a week.

Assistant Chief Constable Kerry Smith added: "With vaccine programmes rolling out and there finally being a glimmer of hope, we want the public to continue to contact us, via the website or 101, and tell us where people are ignoring the rules.

"Police officers risk their lives every day and I know how much they appreciate the support of the public, allowing them to tackle crime in our city and counties."

The following outlines examples of breaches to show where police are giving out FPNs between 4 - 22 January:

 * On 10 January, a man was travelling from Nottingham to Leicester to see a friend - they stated they were not aware they could not travel
 * On 13 January, a man from Sweptstone Road, Heather, who should have been isolating having tested positive for Covid, was picked up by his girlfriend and went to get a takeaway
 * On 13 January, three people not from same household were found in a car 'just chillin' in Loughborough. Fines were issued
 * On 15 January, a man had driven from Birmingham to see an uncle and friends and also with two other passengers not from the same household
 * On 15 January, officers attend an address in Leicester with six people 'extremely intoxicated' not from the same household
 * On 15 January, a vehicle was stopped in Glenfield. The occupants had travelled there from London. It was discovered one passenger was wanted on another matter and was therefore arrested.
 * On 16 January, men travelled from London to Leicester with no reasonable excuse to stay overnight with a friend
 * On 16 January, officers attended an address to find a number of people with a bonfire playing darts. One male was aggressive and swore at officers. Fines were given
 * On 16 January, a driver and three friends from different households travelled from Coventry to Leicester - unable to give an excuse so all fined
 * On 16 January, a party at an address in Cambridge Street, Leicester
 * On 17 January, a private address in Narborough was found to be having a birthday party - six people in attendance. Four fined whereas two men ran from police out of the back of the property
 * On 17 January, two men, not from the same household were found in the same car in Oadby. They met to watch a football match together on their phone. They were given FPNs
 * On 17 January, offficers attended an address in Leicester to find the owner had invited his friends around for a curry. They stated they were aware of the rules but came around anyway. They were all fined

**Correction notice:**

Please note that we stated in a press release published on 1 January that we issued six £10,000 fines over the New Year period. This was incorrect due to the data being recorded incorrectly on our systems. We have now put checks in place to ensure this does not happen again.

The overall total of £10,000 fines Leicestershire has issued is 15. The fines on New Year's Eve were all standard fines of £200.
