```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Find out about how Leicestershire Police are supporting National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2020.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pledge Your Support for Hate Crime Awareness Week 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/pledge-your-support-for-hate-crime-awareness-week-2020/
publish:
  date: 11:50 09/10/2020
title: Pledge Your Support for Hate Crime Awareness Week 2020 | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/pledge-your-support-for-hate-crime-awareness-week-2020/
```

Communities in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland are being asked to pledge to help end hate crime by sending messages of support during a national awareness week.

During Hate Crime Awareness Week (NHCAW), which starts this Saturday (10 October) - Leicestershire Police is asking for people to send in personal pledges on what they will do to help eradicate hate crime of any sort.

Anyone can make a pledge by downloading a virtual pledge board, available from the force _website_. People can then write or type their messages of support and take a photo or selfie of them which will then be used to form a montage representing the level of support for NHCAW within Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

The force is asking for people to share these on social media using @LPStaySafe and also send them on email to _NHCAWLeics@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk_. There are some quote examples within the "how to" guide on our website.

As well as seeking pledges, there will be a Facebook Live event on Wednesday 14 October at 12:30.

This will be an opportunity for the public to hear from the force's Hate Crime Officer and Chief Constable on the issue and they will also answer any questions. If you have a question please submit it to at _NHCAWLeics@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk_.

Isla Dixon, Hate Crime Officer said: "I am really looking forward to the Facebook Live. We usually plan so many engagement events during National Hate Crime Awareness Week (NHCAW) however even with the COVID restrictions this still gives us an opportunity to connect with our communities.

"NHCAW is an opportunity to continue to raise awareness around the subject of hate crime and for us to highlight the work we do throughout the year to make our communities safer places for all.

"We do this alongside several partner agencies in developing strong relationships that will empower our communities to work with us in eradicating hate crime."

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said "Hate crime is not tolerated in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and we are committed to tackling it.

"Being targeted for who you are is totally unacceptable and we would urge anyone affected by hate or discrimination, or anyone who witnesses this unacceptable behaviour taking place, to report incidents to us so that together we can Stamp It Out.

"NHCAW enables us to highlight the work we already do within our diverse communities and to put a spotlight onto hate crime in order to provide greater awareness and to provide confidence to our communities to report incidents to us."

Leicestershire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Lord Willy Bach, also supports NHCAW and added: "Hatred in any form is destructive. It divides, isolates and damages our communities and the people who live in them. It's something that I know we will continue to tackle robustly.

"Every hate incident is one too many and I applaud those brave enough to come forward to seek support and help prevent other people from being victimised. The more we can do to build trust in the way hate crime is handled, the more we can stop vulnerable people suffering the injustice of separation and exclusion.

"It is the diversity of culture and tradition within our county and city that makes it so special and home to a multitude of faiths, customs and traditions. We must all lead by example."

Hate incidents or hate crimes can be reported to Leicestershire Police on 101 or in an emergency please call 999. You can also report to your local council or anonymously via the Stamp it Out website: _www.stamp-it-out.co.uk_

You can follow the events of National Hate Crime Awareness week on Twitter using hashtag #NationalHCAW or follow @LPStaySafe.
