```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The incident happened on the A46 near Groby, at around 8.50am on Saturday 15 November
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for dashcam footage following A46 collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/appeal-for-dashcam-footage-following-a46-collision/
publish:
  date: 15:35 27/11/2019
title: Appeal for dashcam footage following A46 collision | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/appeal-for-dashcam-footage-following-a46-collision/
```

Officers investigating a collision on the A46 near Groby earlier this month are appealing to drivers with dashcam footage to make contact.

The incident, which involved three cars - a black Jaguar, a red Peugeot 206 and a white BMW - happened at around 8.45am on Saturday 15 November.

It was reported that at the time of the incident, a Ford Ranger vehicle in the area was carrying some black plastic piping which fell from the vehicle.

The vehicles were all driving in the direction of the Hobby Horse roundabout at the time of the incident.

A man and a woman, who are both in their 80s, and who were the driver and a passenger in the Peugeot vehicle, were both taken to the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham with serious injuries following the incident. They both currently remain in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

Enquiries are continuing to establish the full circumstances of the incident and officers are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and who has not yet spoken to police to make contact.

This includes anyone who has any dashcam footage of the incident or the vehicles involved prior to the incident including the Ford Ranger vehicle.

Officers would also like to speak to the driver of a black Vauxhall Astra vehicle which was in the area at the time of the incident.

Officer in the case, Police Constable Paul Baker said: "We are continuing our enquiries and to establish the full circumstances of the incident.

"We are keen to speak to anyone with any further information and to anyone who has dashcam footage as part of these enquiries.

"We would also like to speak to the driver of the black Vauxhall Astra which we believe was behind the Ford Ranger when the items fell from the vehicle. We would like to stress to this driver of the Astra that you are not in any trouble but we do believe you can help us with our enquiries."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 19000613986.
