```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force has opened up the opportunity for people to join as police officers and earn while they learn
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing Degree Apprenticeship now open
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/policing-degree-apprenticeship-now-open/
publish:
  date: 16:09 29/06/2020
title: Policing Degree Apprenticeship now open | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/policing-degree-apprenticeship-now-open/
```

Leicestershire Police has opened up the opportunity for people to join the force as police officers and earn while they learn.

The force, which is recruiting more than 600 officers over the next three years, has today opened up its popular Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme.

Successful applicants start out as fully warranted officers. Over three years they conduct 80 per cent on the job training and 20 per cent spent studying with De Montfort University in Leicester.

The degree is approved and fully funded by the College of Policing and the students earn a salary of between £18,450 and £25,270 during the apprenticeship. The course covers areas that are critical to effective policing such as evidence-based policing, supporting vulnerable people, dealing with cyber-crime and crime prevention.

Applicants need to have a GCSE at a 4 or Grade C in English and Maths at time of applying and a level 3 qualification such as an A-Level, AS-Level, NVQ or international baccalaureate at time of applying or by the following August.

Helen Grigalis began her career in policing volunteering as a Special Constable; the role enabled Helen to experience different aspects of policing and gave her the ambition and confidence to apply for a full-time role with the force.

**PC Helen Grigalis**

She said: "The PCDA has enabled me to look at policing from a different perspective and has provided me with opportunities to work with different departments to widen my skill base and understand more about the community I serve."

Chief Constable Simon Cole QPM said: "We are delighted to be opening up recruitment to our Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship again.

"It provides an excellent opportunity for talented and committed people to get a degree whilst working as a police officer and earning at the same time.

"Policing is a job like no other and it is more important than ever that we attract talented people who are ready for a challenge and are representative of the communities we serve across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland."

Successful candidates will be based between force headquarters in Enderby, Leicestershire and the university during the initial training periods. The apprenticeship programme will enable rotations around various key departments in the second year and you will be able for specialisms in the third year.

Apprentices are not required to contribute towards the cost of their degree but remain in probation for the three year duration of the programme.

To apply for the PCDA starting in January 2021 please go to www.leics.police.uk/joinus
