```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A man who violently attacked and killed his friend has today (Thursday 15 October) been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the offence.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester man jailed after he admits killing his friend
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/leicester-man-jailed-after-he-admits-killing-his-friend/
publish:
  date: 13:58 15/10/2020
title: Leicester man jailed after he admits killing his friend | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/leicester-man-jailed-after-he-admits-killing-his-friend/
```

A man who violently attacked and killed his friend has today (Thursday 15 October) been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the offence.

Stuart had spent the day with 49-year-old Martin Green in Green's flat in Heathcott Road on Tuesday 14 April.

Shortly before 5.25pm that day police were called to the property where they discovered Stuart's body.

A post-mortem examination revealed 50-year-old Stuart had died as a result of multiple stab and blunt force injuries.

Green fabricated a story that he had been out to the shops and returned to find his friend dead.

CCTV evidence, witness statements and a forensic examination of the scene quickly revealed Green's web of lies and he was charged with murder.

Earlier this week on day two of the trial Green of Heathcott Road pleaded guilty to the offence. He was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court to life in prison and was ordered to serve a minimum of 21 years and 10 months before he will be considered eligible for parole

Detective Inspector Kenny Henry from East Midlands Special Operations Unit Major Crime team was the senior investigating officer. He said: "Stuart suffered a horrific death at the hands of Green, a man who he thought was his friend. I have been a detective for many years and dealt with a number of serious cases where a degree of violence was used, however the sheer level of violence used in this crime was shocking.

"I am pleased Green has admitted to the murder and spared the family the traumatic experience of hearing the details of Stuart's last hours during the court proceedings.

"We take all forms of knife crime extremely seriously, whether it's committed in the home or in the street. The force's Lives not Knives campaign was launched in October 2016 and is still a priority.

"Officers and staff continue to educate and raise awareness of the consequences of carrying and using a knife. We work closely with the courts and criminal justice system to ensure those who choose to carry knives feel the full force of the law and are dealt with robustly."

Martin Green
