```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to appeal for information in relation to the incident which happened during the early hours of yesterday morning (Sunday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested following non-stop collision in Humberstone Road
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/two-people-seriously-injured-following-non-stop-collision/
publish:
  date: 15:41 07/09/2020
title: Two arrested following non-stop collision in Humberstone Road | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/two-people-seriously-injured-following-non-stop-collision/
```

Updated News Post

Two men have been arrested in connection with a non-stop collision which happened in Humberstone Road, Leicester, during the early hours of yesterday morning (Sunday).

A 22-year-old man, of Leicester, has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, taking a vehicle without consent and leaving the scene of a collision.

A 20-year-old man, also of Leicester has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and leaving the scene of a collision.

They have both since been released on conditional bail.

Officers were called just after 1am on Sunday following a report that a blue VW Golf car had collided with two male pedestrians who had been stood near a van in the area near the junction with Wharf Street South.

One of the male pedestrians, who is in his 20s, fell through a glass door of a nearby premises as a result of the collision.

East Midlands Ambulance Service were in attendance and the two victims, one in his 20s and one in his 30s, were taken to hospital with serious injuries. Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

A third man was also stood near the van at the time of the incident. The car was reported to have skimmed past the man at the time of the collision causing minor injury.

Two people were reported to have ran from the VW Golf and away from the scene following the incident.

Enquiries are continuing to establish the full circumstances of the incident. We ask that people do not speculate while the incident remains under investigation.

Detective Inspector Ross Dimmock said: "We have made these arrests today and our investigation is very much continuing to establish the full circumstances of the incident.

"We continue to urge anyone who was in the area and who has not yet spoken to us to make contact to assist our investigation.

"If you have any CCTV or any dashcam footage from the area at the time and have not yet spoken with us, you should also get in touch."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 42 of 6 September.
