```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the death of 32-year-old Smita Mistry, who was also known as Samita Saunders, at a property in Gedge Way, Leicester
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation launched following death of woman at Leicester property
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/investigation-launched-following-death-of-woman-at-leicester-property/
publish:
  date: 17:31 24/03/2021
title: Investigation launched following death of woman at Leicester property | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/investigation-launched-following-death-of-woman-at-leicester-property/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following the death of a woman at a property in Leicester.

Police received a call at 8.07pm yesterday (Tuesday) which raised concerns for the welfare of 32-year-old Smita Mistry.

This led to officers attending a property in Gedge Way, Leicester, where Smita was found inside. It was confirmed that Smita, who was also known in the local community as Samita Saunders, had sadly died.

Following initial enquiries, a 36-year-old man, of Leicester, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He currently remains in police custody. It is believed that the man in custody was known to Smita.

A cordon remains in place at the property and enquiries are ongoing. Police activity remains ongoing in the area today as officers speak with witnesses, carry out house to house enquiries and check CCTV.

Detectives are also appealing to anyone with any information in relation to the incident or anyone who has had any contact with Smita over the past few days to contact police.

Detective Inspector Nicole Main, from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit, is leading the investigation. She said: "Our enquiries are very much ongoing to establish the full circumstances of this incident and the events which have led up to Smita's death.

"I am appealing first of all to anyone who has had any contact with Smita since Friday (19 March) to get in touch with us - no matter how insignificant the contact you had may seem. Your information may help us as we establish the full circumstances of this incident.

"I am also appealing to anyone who has been in the area of Gedge Way between Friday 19 March and yesterday evening (Tuesday 23 March) to think back to anything you may have seen or heard which could assist our enquiries. If you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area during this time, and have not yet made contact with us, then please get in touch.

"I understand this incident will have caused concern in the community. Please be assured we have a dedicated team carrying out a full investigation into this incident as well as officers in the area offering reassurance.

"Anyone who does have any information in relation to the incident is urged to call 101 quoting incident 621 of 23 March."
