```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The film features both a perpetrator and victim of knife crime
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New film released as knife operation gets underway
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/new-film-released-as-knife-operation-gets-underway/
publish:
  date: 06:05 16/09/2019
title: New film released as knife operation gets underway | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/new-film-released-as-knife-operation-gets-underway/
```

Officers are undertaking a week of knife crime action as part of National Operation Sceptre.

The seven day operation, starting on September 16, is supported by the force's established #LivesNotKnives campaign and partnership work which aims to reduce knife crime by targeting those carrying weapons and disrupt the supply of knives available to use.

In support of the week of action, Leicestershire Police has released a short film featuring a man who was previously a perpetrator of knife crime and later a victim who lost part of his hand when he became involved in a fight.

Filmed by Gateway College students in Leicester during an educational visit there, the man, who is anonymous, tells of his devastating injuries as well as his hefty prison sentence.

It's hoped the film will make those carrying weapons, think twice.

Liz Ward, Student Welfare Manager at Gateway College, said: "The welfare of our students is one of our main priorities. We're aware of the national issues around knife crime across the country and our students not only listened to his story intently, but had the opportunity to use their skills to film it. We're very proud to be associated with this film and its vital message to young people that carrying a knife ruins lives."

As part of the week members of the public will be able to hand over unwanted knives to surrender bins at Mansfield House, Spinney Hill, Wigston, Keyham Lane, and Beaumont Leys police stations.

The force's knife arch will also be at undisclosed locations to target those carrying knives along with any other criminality.

Officers will be carrying out stop and search activity where appropriate and visiting schools along with habitual knife carriers to deliver our #LivesNotKnives messages.

Superintendent Shane O'Neill, who leads the force's response to knife crime, said: "Tackling violent crime, including those who carry knives, is a force priority. This national week of action has long been planned but forms part of our LivesNotKnives work which seeks to collaborate with partners, including schools, councils, health and charitable organisations, as well as parents to deal with this issue.

"Young people need to know that they are more at risk of becoming a victim if they carry a knife and the film, which features a real person, talking about their very personal experience, highlights this perfectly. I'm very grateful to Gateway College for sharing it with us.

"It's also important that people know where to get advice and support from if they want help to stop carrying a knife or have concerns about someone they know who has one.

"We are doing everything we can to catch offenders and deal with them appropriately. Ultimately, knife crime will not be tolerated on our streets."

Police and Crime Commissioner Lord Willy Bach added: "The more we can do to prevent people from carrying knives, the fewer lives will be wrecked by the unacceptable violence they bring. Prevention is not just a matter of enforcement, but education, rehabilitation and support and I hope this week of action will help to show people that there is an alternative to violence."

For more knife crime resources or advice visit the force website: https://www.leics.police.uk/livesnotknives
