```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A St Matthews man has been jailed for six years for his part in supplying and selling thousands of pounds of cocaine and heroin.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six years in jail for drugs conspiracy
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/six-years-in-jail-for-drugs-conspiracy/
publish:
  date: 16:08 07/06/2019
title: Six years in jail for drugs conspiracy | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/six-years-in-jail-for-drugs-conspiracy/
```

A St Matthews man has been jailed for six years for his part in supplying and selling thousands of pounds of cocaine and heroin.

Tanzim Suka was identified as being involved in a conspiracy to supply the class A drugs as part of Operation Lionheart.

During months of gathering information and evidence on those believed to be involved in this type of criminality, a dedicated phone line for drug supply was uncovered.

Between November 2018 and March 2019, the 29-year-old from Ottawa Road, Leicester, used this number, which was centred in the St Matthews area of the city, to facilitate the supply of class A drugs.

It is estimated during this time a combined weight of around half a kilo was distributed - believed to have a street value in excess of £40,000.

Suka was arrested on day one of Operation Lionheart's enforcement phase for his part in the supply chain.

He pleaded guilty to the conspiracy offence at an earlier hearing and was today (7 June) sentenced at Leicester Crown Court.

Chief Superintendent Adam Streets, head of local policing, said: "Suka was identified as a key player in the supply and distribution of cocaine and heroin - operating in the St Matthews area of Leicester.

"At the earliest opportunities he admitted being involved in the conspiracy to supply these drugs on the streets of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland. He will now face considerable time in prison for this offence."

A further three defendants, who were detained as part of the operation, yesterday (6 June) pleaded guilty to a total of six drug offences.

At Leicester Magistrates' Court, Jonathan Huckerby, 29, of Pevensey Road, Loughborough, pleaded guilty to one count of supplying a class B drug and one count of being concerned in the supply of a class B drug. He was sentenced to 17 weeks in prison.

James Jones, 29, of Armadale Drive, Leicester, also pleaded guilty to one count of supplying a class B drug and one count of being concerned in the supply of a class B drug. He was given a 17 week suspended sentence.

William Hamiliton, 48, of Rutland Street, Loughborough, admitted two counts of supply class A drugs and is due to be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on 4 July.
