```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: An update in relation to the last two weeks of activity
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two weeks of activity \u2013 a note about Operation Lionheart"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/two-weeks-of-activity--a-note-about-operation-lionheart/
publish:
  date: 16:00 18/04/2019
title: "Two weeks of activity \u2013 a note about Operation Lionheart | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/two-weeks-of-activity--a-note-about-operation-lionheart/
```

Following two weeks of activity, the force has been to 90 addresses to enforce warrants, arrested 55 people and secured charges against 41 of them.

Police officers have been working around the clock to carry out the enforcement activity across locations in the city and counties, tackling County Lines activity and associated wider criminality.

This targeted action follows a significant investment of time gathering information and evidence on people suspected of being involved and identifying those vulnerable people affected.

Gangs and organised crime groups involved in County Lines activity exploit vulnerable people to carry out illegal activities across our county and beyond.

They usually exploit children or vulnerable adults to move and store drugs and money and will use coercion, intimidation, violence (including sexual violence) and encourage the carriage and use of weapons.

Chief Superintendent Adam Streets, head of local policing, said: "This has been a targeted operation with a large number of policing resources involved, all working very long hours to make sure those suspected of being involved in this type of criminality are taken off the streets.

"We have been working very closely with our partners to make sure that we disrupt them using all available opportunities and safeguard those at risk. This type of criminality will be rooted out and this coupled with future activity is ultimately making the streets of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland safer."

**Operation Lionheart results**

Total warrants = 90

Total arrests = 55

Total people charged = 41

**Operation Lionheart - update - Thursday 18 April**

**Charges**

The below people were arrested on Tuesday (16 April) or the early hours of Wednesday (17 April).

Karim Saiyani, 47, of Dunton Street, Leicester, has been charged with one count of supplying a class A drug.

A 17-year-old boy, from Leicester, who can't be named for legal reasons, has been charged with one count of supplying a class A drug.

Lee Clayton, 40, of no fixed address, has been charged with one count of possession with intent to supply class B and two counts of supplying class A drugs.

Malgorzata Radawoec, 36, of no fixed address, has been charged with seven counts of supplying class A drugs.

James Jones, 29, of Armadale Drive, Leicester, has been charged with being concerned in the supply of class B drugs and one count of supplying a class B drug.

Jonathan Huckerby, 29, of Pevensey Road, Loughborough, has been charged with being concerned in the supply of class B drugs and supplying a class B drug.

A 15-year-old boy, from Loughborough, who can't be named for legal reasons, has been charged with offering to supply a class A drug.

A 62-year-old man, from Loughborough, arrested on suspicion of supplying a class A drug has been released with no further action to be taken.

Gordan Watson, 47, of Barnsdale Close, Loughborough, has been charged with three counts of supplying class A.

Brian Kelsey, 26, of Waterside Close, Loughborough, has been charged with supplying class A drugs.

Andrew Morgan, 33, of Rutland Street, Loughborough, has been charged with supplying class A drugs.

**Arrests**

These people below were arrested on Wednesday (17 April) or in the early hours of Thursday (18 April). They are all from the Loughborough area.

Seven men, all from Loughborough, have been arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs. They are aged: 56, 48, 47, 39, 37, 33 and 26.

A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.

Two women, aged 33 and 49, from Loughborough, was arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.

A 22-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and supplying class A drugs.

A 42-yer-old man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.
