```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The latest recruits were sworn in last night at force headquarters.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Trainee officers sworn in
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/trainee-officers-sworn-in/
publish:
  date: 07:00 18/07/2019
title: Trainee officers sworn in | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/trainee-officers-sworn-in/
```

There were happy faces all round last night (Wednesday, 17 July) as the latest recruits took their oath to be sworn into Leicestershire Police in front of friends and family.

The group of 28 were sworn in at Police Headquarters by a magistrate having already undergone four weeks of their 17 week initial training.

Mark Ellis, one of the tutors who has been putting the recruits through their paces, said: "It's an exciting time for our students and is a reflection of both their commitment to the job and our commitment to them. Being part of the police is like being part of a family and this is one way of celebrating that while showing them just how serious their roles are.

"Their intensive training so far has focused on learning the law before they move into our Priority Response Teams and Investigation units where they will learn more about the practical side of the job. They will also learn about powers of arrest, stop and search and powers of entry and crime investigation, including victim/witness interviewing and suspect interviewing.

"In addition, they will have a period of mentoring by an experienced operational police officer to develop their skills while engaging with the general public."

Maddie Hayes was among the students sworn in last night.

She said: "I have always wanted to become a police officer, I applied after I finished University and have been working in a call centre whilst I waited for my application to pass through.

"It hasn't been a difficult transition at all, everyone is so supportive and helps each other. We're so lucky to have such a great group of people, I look forward to coming in to work everyday and I can't wait to start working with the public."

Fellow student officer, Royston Sampson, said: "The training process so far has been absolutely brilliant. The teamwork amongst the group is second to none; everyone goes out of their way to assist you.

"Joining the police wasn't a difficult decision for me having previously worked in a uniformed background, but this environment seems really special. It has a real family feel and great togetherness; I can't wait to get out into our communities and put it all into practice."

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham, who was there on the night, said: "It's always a proud moment when student officers reach this point and I wanted to give them the warmest of welcomes.

"It's such an interesting and rewarding job to be in and there are now various routes in which to join. I hope they go far in their new careers."

Over the next five years, Leicestershire Police is seeking to recruit hundreds of police officers from all backgrounds including those from black and minority ethnic communities and candidates from the LGBT community.

If you are interested in a career with us, visit www.leics.police.uk/MakeADifference
