```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police have received more than 1,000 applications to become a police officer in the last six months.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New routes into policing sees more than 1,000 applications
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/new-routes-into-policing-sees-more-than-1000-applications/
publish:
  date: 09:13 20/07/2020
title: New routes into policing sees more than 1,000 applications | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/new-routes-into-policing-sees-more-than-1000-applications/
```

Leicestershire Police has received more than 1,000 applications to become a police officer in the last six months.

Earlier this year, Leicestershire Police teamed up with De Montfort University to offer a new route into policing for those with a degree or who are about to receive one. The two year Degree Holder Entry Programme known as DHEP was launched in January this year, since then Leicestershire Police have seen 941 people apply for DHEP, with 24 per cent of applications coming from Black, Asian and minority ethnic candidates.

The force also recently opened recruitment for the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme. In the first two weeks, Leicestershire Police received over 100 applications from potential new recruits.

Chief Constable Simon Cole QPM said: "I'm delighted to see so many people applying for both DHEP and the policing apprenticeship. Both entry options offer a fantastic opportunity to learn on the job, getting first hand insight into life as a police officer as well as obtaining a Graduate Diploma or a degree on completion of the training.

"We are one of the first forces in the country to offer the PCDA in partnership with De Montfort University and I am excited to welcome the successful candidates to the Leicestershire Police family."

Last month, 32 new recruits were sworn in as officers of Leicestershire Police, one of those was 24-year-old Kelly Walker. She said: "It's brilliant to see so many people wanting to join the force and make a difference. For me, Leicestershire was the only force I was interested in joining.

"I was drawn to applying to Leicestershire Police because of how diverse the communities are, I think it will be really interesting and exciting to engage with people from so many different backgrounds. There also seemed to be a real effort by the force to want to recruit more women which really appealed to me _._

"I am so pleased to be finally starting to train for a career I've been thinking about for so long. The cohort I have joined with are all so great and although my family live nearly 100 miles away, it already feels like we are family."

Those successful candidates who applied for the Degree Holder Entry Programme will join he force as police officers from day one, the two year training plan will see them learning on the job with some academic and coursework based training too. Trainee officers have a starting salary of £24,000 and when training is successfully completed, they will also receive a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice (PPPD) from De Montfort University, the awarding body - subject to course validation by the College of Policing.

The Degree Holder Entry Programme reopens today, to find out if you're eligible or to begin your application, please visit the careers section of our website.

Recruitment is also open for the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme. Successful recruits start out as fully warranted officers and over three years they conduct 80 per cent on the job training and 20 per cent studying with De Montfort University in Leicester.

Applicants need to have a GCSE at a 4 or Grade C in English and Maths at time of applying and a level 3 qualification such as an A-Level, AS-Level, NVQ or international baccalaureate at time of applying or by the following August. The degree is fully funded by the College of Policing and the students earn a salary of between £18,450 and £25,270 during the apprenticeship. The course covers areas that are critical to effective policing such as evidence-based policing, supporting vulnerable people, dealing with cyber-crime and crime prevention.

Applications for the apprenticeship programme closes on 31st August, to apply for the PCDA, visit www.leics.police.uk/joinus
