```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force hopes to reduce the number of complaints about Halloween related anti-social behaviour
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force reminds people to Celebrate Safely this Halloween
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/force-reminds-people-to-celebrate-safely-this-halloween/
publish:
  date: 06:00 28/10/2019
title: Force reminds people to Celebrate Safely this Halloween | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/force-reminds-people-to-celebrate-safely-this-halloween/
```

People across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland are being reminded to 'Celebrate Safely' this Halloween and only call 999 in an emergency.

Last year 816 incidents were reported to officers in the 24 hour period of October 31, including calls about anti-social behaviour related to trick or treating. Some 413 of these incident calls came through on the 999 emergency line.

The force hopes to reduce the number of complaints about Halloween related anti-social behaviour this year, while also encouraging people to trick or treat respectfully.

Superintendent Grant Wills who leads the Contact Management Department said: "We want people to enjoy Halloween, but it's important to remember that the actions of a few can cause unnecessary alarm and distress. We're asking trick or treaters to respect people's wishes and only go where they are welcome. We also ask that they don't play tricks on people that cause them to report it to the police.

"The force has a poster available to download for those who wish to say a polite 'No thanks' message to any trick or treaters on their door or window and we would ask that this is respected by everyone.

"We would also ask that people only call 999 in an emergency."

Councillor Piara Singh Clair, Deputy City Mayor and chair of Leicester City Council's Safer Leicester Partnership, said: "We are fortunate to have so many wonderful festivals and celebrations taking place in Leicester at this time of year.

"We are pleased to be part of this campaign which aims to ask our communities to enjoy the festive season as safely as possible; so that not only they, but also their friends and neighbours, have the best time possible."

Councillor Ivan Ould, Leicestershire County Council's cabinet member for community safety, added: "We want people to enjoy the festivities over the next few months, but again we urge people to celebrate safely. Our IMPACT team will be working closely with young people in areas of the county by spreading the message to keep safe and not get involved in anti-social behaviour. Halloween should be a fun event for all."

Councillor Alan Walters, cabinet member for Community Safety at Rutland County Council and chair of the Safer Rutland Partnership, said: "It's important that residents feel safe and are reassured that people won't be knocking on their door at night if they don't want visitors. Likewise, we want trick-or-treaters to have a great time, take care and think about their own safety while out and about."

The fire service is also encouraging parents to be vigilant with candles and fancy dress costumes.

Wayne Gale, Station Manager at Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service, said: "Whether you are celebrating Halloween at home or out and about, we want everyone to enjoy themselves safely.

"If you are dressing up for Halloween, make sure fancy-dress costumes and masks are labelled as flame-resistant. Don't use flammable materials to make home-made costumes and be especially careful if you use bin liners as capes.

"To limit the risk of fire and children being exposed to naked flames, consider using battery-operated LED tea lights rather than candles in pumpkins.

"Please visit the Celebrate Safely website for more information on how to keep you and your family safe. A few minutes of your time could help protect you, your family and your friends as well as your property and belongings."

Download the poster here.
