```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: PC Evie Wilcox will attend the International Association of Women in Policing (IAWP) conference
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Outstanding officer will represent force in Alaska
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/outstanding-officer-will-represent-force-in-alaska/
publish:
  date: 08:33 19/09/2019
title: Outstanding officer will represent force in Alaska | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/outstanding-officer-will-represent-force-in-alaska/
```

A Leicestershire Police officer will take up a prestigious place at an International Women in Policing (IAWP) conference for her outstanding work.

PC Evie Wilcox is heading to Alaska for the five day event, starting Monday 23 September, where she will meet women officers from across the globe to discuss experiences of female law enforcement and share best practice.

The conference aims to increase international understanding and awareness of women in police roles and recognise their achievements.

Earlier this year, PC Wilcox was named the national Police Officer of the Year by the British Association of Women in Policing (BAWP).

She was presented with the award for her passion and professionalism despite being in the very early stages of her policing career. It is because of this award that she has been invited to attend the conference.

BAWP is the only national organisation to embrace women of all ranks and grades within the police service. Their mission is to ensure that those women are heard and work toward gender equity in policing.

PC Wilcox said: "I'm extremely proud and excited to be going to meet so many officers from all over the world to share our experiences and learn from one another. It's an amazing opportunity to widen my knowledge and I'm honoured to attend."

Chief Inspector Natalee Wignall, Chair of Leicestershire Police's Women's Inclusive Network, said: "It's a privilege for Evie to attend the conference and I know that she will be a great ambassador for Leicestershire.

"This is hugely deserved given all the hard work she puts into her job here at Leicestershire Police where she has excelled and we look forward to hearing about all she has learned while out there."
