```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is encouraging residents of Leicester, Leicestershire &amp; Rutland to its free community messaging services Neighbourhood Link.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Neighbourhood Link - Sign up &amp; stay safe in your local area
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/neighbourhood-link---sign-up--stay-safe-in-your-local-area/
publish:
  date: 10:05 01/07/2020
title: Neighbourhood Link - Sign up &amp; stay safe in your local area | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/neighbourhood-link---sign-up--stay-safe-in-your-local-area/
```

Leicestershire Police is encouraging residents of Leicester, Leicestershire & Rutland to sign up to its free community messaging service Neighbourhood Link.

The force has recently upgraded the messaging alert system, giving it a fresh look as well as adding some new features and is now looking to increase the number of people signed up to the system.

Neighbourhood Link is a fast and easy alert system that allows residents to keep up to date with local news and issues in their area. Once a resident registers with Neighbourhood Link they are then able to choose what type of updates they would like to receive, based on where they live or work as well as how often they would like to hear from us.

The community messaging system enables members of the public to receive regular email updates from their Neighbourhood Policing Team, getting crime prevention advice and local news updates direct to their inbox.

Head of Local Policing, Chief Superintendent Adam Streets said: "We're encouraging all residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Link, it's a fantastic way to get to know your local officers and to find out what your neighbourhood policing team is doing to combat local issues and any concerns residents may have.

"The way we interact with the local community has had to adapt during the Coronavirus pandemic and Neighbourhood Link is an excellent tool to allow residents to keep up to date with policing news and get instant crime prevention advice relevant to where they live."

Neighbourhood Link is another way for residents to communicate with their local neighbourhood teams. Members of the public are able to respond to email alerts, provide feedback and also have the opportunity to tell their beat officers what they believe the local priorities are in their area by completing surveys.

Inspector Mike Cawley, Commander for South Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA), has used Neighbourhood Link for a number of years now and is an advocate of the messaging system. He said: "Neighbourhood Link is an invaluable tool that many of my neighbourhood officers use to communicate with the local residents."

"All the messages are sent out by Leicestershire Police officers and staff so residents can be confident the information they receive is reliable and therefore can be safely shared with friends and family."

Visit the Neighbourhood Link website to sign up and start receiving email alerts.
