```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: John Samuel, 29, has been sentenced to three years and four months imprisonment
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after officers discover drug phone line
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-jailed-after-officers-discover-drug-phone-line/
publish:
  date: 15:09 09/09/2020
title: Man jailed after officers discover drug phone line | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-jailed-after-officers-discover-drug-phone-line/
```

A man involved in the supply of class A drugs has been jailed after officers identified the phone line he was using to offer the drugs.

Police were carrying out investigative work into the supply of class A drugs in Earl Shilton and the surrounding areas when they discovered a drugs phone line had been activated on 5 April this year.

It was found the phone line was being used to offer supplies of heroin and crack cocaine at a street level for cash profit.

Following further investigative work, it was identified that the phone line was being controlled by 29-year-old John Samuel between the period of 5 April to 11 June this year.

This led to the arrest of Samuel, of Keats Lane, Earl Shilton, on 11 June when a search was also carried out at his home address. A Nokia mobile phone was found which contained a SIM matching up to the phone line. Cash and digital scales were also recovered.

John Samuel

The phone had been used to send messages to drug users in the areas of Hinckley, Barwell, Burbage and Earl Shilton.

Samuel was subsequently charged with two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs - he pleaded guilty to the offences on 12 June.

At Leicester Crown Court on Friday (4 September), Samuel was sentenced for the offences as well as in relation to a number of other drugs offences which he has previously pleaded guilty to.

These are:

 * One count of possession of class B drugs, namely cannabis, committed on 2 April 2020.
 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, namely crack cocaine, on 11 September 2019.
 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, namely heroin, and possession of class B drugs, namely cannabis. These offences were committed on 2 January 2019.

These charges were all made following proactive police stop checks being carried out.

Samuel was sentenced to a total of three years and four months imprisonment.

Detective Sergeant Jason Fell said: "Following proactive police work and investigations, Samuel has now been sentenced for a number of serious drug offences.

"Investigative work earlier this year led to the phone line being identified as mentioned above and subsequently linked to John Samuel.

"Following the evidence gathered, Samuel pleaded guilty to the offences at his first court hearing, the day after he was arrested and charged.

"At court, Samuel was then sentenced for a number of other drugs offences - all of which came following proactive police checks being carried out due to concerns raised.

"We will continue to work to prevent and detect drug offending across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and will take action on the information which we discover and which we receive as this case has shown.

"If you do have any information in relation to drug offending, please make contact with us. Your information will be dealt with confidentially and will help us as we continue to work to keep our communities safe."
