```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after damage caused to a vehicle this morning has put it out of service.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ambulance out of service after door damaged
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/missing-west-midlands-teenagers-found/ambulance-out-of-service-after-door-damaged/
publish:
  date: 14:55 06/08/2019
title: Ambulance out of service after door damaged | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/missing-west-midlands-teenagers-found/ambulance-out-of-service-after-door-damaged/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after damage was caused to the back door of an ambulance - putting it out of service.

The incident happened in the early hours of this morning (6 August) while paramedics from the East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) were attending an emergency call in Catherine Street, Leicester.

Shortly after midnight it is reported two people, believed to be teenage boys, gained access to the vehicle and kicked one of the back doors several times.

They were disturbed when a car pulled up behind the ambulance and they left the scene. Nothing was taken but the damage has meant the vehicle has been taken off the road.

Following enquiries carried out this morning it is believed the teenagers may have also been taking photos and videos of themselves inside the vehicle.

Officers are asking for people to come forward if they saw the incident last night or have seen any footage of the incident posted on social media.

A group of teenagers may have also been in the area at the time and might be able to help police with their investigation.

The two boys are described as white, around 16 to 19 years old. One is tall and slim and the other is short and was wearing a baseball cap and glasses. One of the boys is believed to have been wearing black skinny jeans.

Police Constable Martin Sneath said: "The thoughtless actions of these individuals has taken a much needed ambulance out of service.

"It is important the people responsible are identified so they can be held to account for their actions.

"Anyone who witnessed the incident, knows who is responsible or has seen any pictures or videos on social media and think they may have been taken during this incident, please make contact."

Mark Ward, Security Management Specialist for EMAS, said: "Damage like this to our emergency vehicles is totally unacceptable.

"Our staff work hard every day to deliver the best possible care to our patients and attacks like this make their job even harder.

"Vandalism takes a lifesaving vehicle off the road as mechanics and colleagues in our fleet team work hard to get it back out on the road and ready to respond to patients and takes money away from spending on extra crews or lifesaving equipment.

"We ask people to treat all NHS staff with respect. Abuse of our staff and damage to our vehicles will not be tolerated and we will pursue the maximum penalty when this happens."

Anyone with information is asked to call 101, quoting incident 19*413220.
