```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is reminding the public to stay at home this weekend following the latest government Coronavirus advice given that expected warmer weather may entice people to venture out across the county.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Covid-19: Police remind public to stay at home this weekend'
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/covid-19-police-remind-public-to-stay-at-home-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 16:28 03/04/2020
title: 'Covid-19: Police remind public to stay at home this weekend | Leicestershire Police'
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/covid-19-police-remind-public-to-stay-at-home-this-weekend/
```

Leicestershire Police is reminding the public to stay at home this weekend following the latest government Coronavirus advice given that expected warmer weather may entice people to venture out across the county.

Usually as we move into warmer weather we would expect to see people across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland spending time outside with family and friends at the beauty spots within our force area, a sight that would normally be welcomed.

So far the vast majority of the people with Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland have adhered to the regulations put in place by the Government around the Coronavirus outbreak and stayed inside, actions for which we are extremely grateful and while our officers are actively out on our streets and continue to try and engage, explain and encourage members of the public around this new legislation, we would remind people to consider if their journey is essential and the circumstances in which they are outdoors.

Inspector Mark Botte is the commander for Charnwood Neighbourhood Policing area which covers Bradgate Park, the well-visited park in the village of Newtown Linford.

Inspector Botte said: "Bradgate Park is a beautiful park and an iconic part of Leicestershire. I completely understand people's desire to want to visit the park and hang out with the family and friends outside but at this unprecedented time, this is just not something people should be doing.

"The park have helpfully decided to close to assist the governments fight to limit the spread of this virus and its extremely important we all do our bit by staying away at home during this current period."

Rutland Water also attracts thousands of visitors each year and is a perfect place to spend the day out, either cycling around the water or sitting down for a picnic.

Inspector Audrey Danvers, whose neighbourhood policing area covers the tourist spot is also asking people to think about where they travel to and not visit the much-loved reservoir, which is currently closed, this weekend.

Inspector Danvers said: "This is much more than just enjoying some social time outside with others or catching the first of the spring sunshine. Your decision to stay at home can save lives.

"Please do not attempt to visit Rutland Water or the many other inviting places you would usually pay a trip to during this period. Please help us by save lives and stay at home."
