```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers will be out and about on proactive patrols and conducting stop and search activity where appropriate
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police launch knife crime intensification week
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/police-launch-knife-crime-intensification-week/
publish:
  date: 08:40 23/03/2020
title: Police launch knife crime intensification week | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/police-launch-knife-crime-intensification-week/
```

Officers are undertaking a week of knife crime action as part of National Operation Sceptre.

The seven day operation, starting today (23 March), is supported by the force's established #LivesNotKnives campaign and partnership work which aims to reduce knife crime by targeting those carrying weapons and disrupt the supply of knives available to use.

As part of the week members of the public will be able to hand over unwanted knives to surrender bins at Mansfield House, Spinney Hill, Wigston, Keyham Lane, Beaumont Leys, Braunstone, Market Harborough, and Melton police stations, as well as the Falcon Centre in Pinfold Gate, Loughborough.

The force's knife arch will also be at undisclosed locations to target those carrying knives along with any other criminality.

In addition, officers will be carrying out stop and search activity where appropriate and visiting habitual knife carriers to deliver our #LivesNotKnives messages.

Superintendent Shane O'Neill, who leads the force's response to knife crime, said: "Our work to tackle knife crime continues as a priority, despite some of our intended work with young people this week having to be scaled back.

"This national week of action has long been planned and is part of our collaborative Lives Not Knives campaign which works with partners including schools, councils, health and charitable organisations, as well as parents to deal with this issue across the board.

"We have recently revised our Lives Not Knives imagery to get the message out to those who choose to carry knives that they put themselves at greater risk in doing so. This imagery has already appeared on buses throughout the city and county and is currently on billboards across Leicester.

"It's vital that people know where to get advice and support from if they want help to stop carrying a knife or have concerns about someone they know who has one.
"We are doing everything we can to catch offenders and deal with them appropriately. Ultimately, knife crime will not be tolerated on our streets."

Police and Crime Commissioner Lord Willy Bach added: "Even in these rapidly changing and very challenging circumstances we must do everything we can to reinforce that carrying a knife is unacceptable. I'm proud that the force is continuing to tackle this type of criminality. It sends a clear message that knife crime remains a priority and will not be tolerated."

For more knife crime resources or advice visit the force website.
