```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "A committed PCSO with a passion for supporting police cadets in their training was awarded the \u2018Harry Wileman Memorial Bowl\u2019 trophy at the annual Chief Constable\u2019s ceremony last week."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PCSO recognised for developing the future of police cadets
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/pcso-recognised-for-developing-the-future-of-police-cadets/
publish:
  date: 08:53 11/10/2019
title: PCSO recognised for developing the future of police cadets | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/pcso-recognised-for-developing-the-future-of-police-cadets/
```

A committed PCSO with a passion for supporting police cadets in their training was awarded the 'Harry Wileman Memorial Bowl' trophy at the annual Chief Constable's ceremony last week.

Since joining the force as a PCSO in 2017, Lynette Rose has volunteered in her own time to work with young people who are interested in a career at the police. Through her commitment, she has ensured that they are following the right path, allowing them to fulfil their dreams. All of this Lynette does alongside her day job as a Beat PCSO.

Lynette currently has 17 police cadets under her wing. Thanks to her support and can-do attitude, all of these cadets have been accepted into the force. In no short measure, this has all been down to 'Netty's' skills and determination to get the very best for her cadets.

Sergeant Roger Barlow, who nominated Lynette or 'Netty', said: "When Lynette joined the unit there was no real leadership structure and some cadets had left, some were expressing their thoughts to leave and some were generally disinterested.

"In true Lynette style, she started to look into lesson plans and worked with other departments, those being CMD and the Dog Section, to involve them in policing operations. This year, she got the cadets involved in making the station proud on Remembrance Day and has ensured they have been used for a number of initiatives, including the distribution of leaflets in certain areas that have suffered numerous burglaries.

"Thanks to Lynette's efforts, the unit has been turned around and cadets are now more focused and interested. She has also improved the overall standard of the unit."

In addition to her work with the cadets, Lynette has also been involved with Active Choice, a behavioural intervention programme for young people on the point of committing criminal activity. Through her diligent support, Lynette has supported two of the young people into turning their lives around and becoming cadets.

Upon collecting her award, Lynette said: "I really enjoy working with the cadets, being a police cadet is a great way for young people to improve their confidence, life skills and employment opportunities.

"It's brilliant to see the cadets come out of their shell, make new friendship groups and enjoy themselves while learning and benefitting their community."

If this story has inspired you and you would like to see what opportunities Leicestershire Police may have, visit: https://www.leics.police.uk/police-forces/leicestershire-police/areas/leicestershire-force-content/careers/join-us/police-officers/ **#WeAreYou**
