```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "The following statement has been issued by the Jamie\u2019s sister, Brooklyn Smith, on behalf of the wider family."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family of boy injured after collision with an electric scooter release statement
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/family-of-boy-injured-after-collision-with-an-electric-scooter-release-statement/
publish:
  date: 10:28 23/03/2021
title: Family of boy injured after collision with an electric scooter release statement | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/family-of-boy-injured-after-collision-with-an-electric-scooter-release-statement/
```

The following statement has been issued by the Jamie's sister, Brooklyn Smith, on behalf of the wider family.

"Our hearts broke when we found out Jamie had been knocked over, physically and mentally we were heartbroken, and in a state of complete panic and anger.

"The hardest part was hearing of the injuries he sustained including a fractured skull. It took him six weeks after the incident to even look in a mirror because his own reflection genuinely frightened him and he didn't recognise his own face, which was heart-breaking to see. My younger sister, who is eight years old, was sat in my dad's car and forced to see what happened and she couldn't do anything.

"Jamie still can't comprehend why someone would do this to him. Accident or not this has potentially ruined my baby brother's life and the boy who did this has shown no remorse whatsoever.

"Since the incident Jamie has had quite bad memory loss, nightmares and an irrational fear of the outside world. He over thinks everything in the worst possible scenario and has a constant fear regardless of where he is. Jamie has also been out of school which has impacted his learning and concentration massively. He isn't able to be a child anymore. This one incident has put a huge wrecking ball in his life and it's not just affected his face and body it's affected his trust, his friendships and almost every aspect of his life and it is heart-breaking to see.

"A six year old boy shouldn't have to live with what he is living with, the scars may have faded but to him and us it's still very fresh in our minds. We are as a family just want to wrap him up in cotton wool and we'd never wish for this to happen to anyone, let alone a poor defenceless little boy. We are broken."
