```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Stuart&#39;s family have released a statement after the man who pleaded guilty to his murder has been sentenced.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stuart Morris murder - family statement
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/stuart-morris-murder---family-statement/
publish:
  date: 13:59 15/10/2020
title: Stuart Morris murder - family statement | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/stuart-morris-murder---family-statement/
```

The below statement has been released on behalf of Stuart's family:

"Our dad was so special to us. He was always there when we needed him and we now have no-one to turn to. Our dad was our rock and our shoulder to cry on. He was our big, cuddly, gentle giant that didn't in any way deserve to be murdered.

"We never got to say goodbye, or to have one last 'I love you' or one of his hugs where all your troubles just melt away. We never got to say 'thank you' for being our dad, grandad, brother and friend and always being there and just being him. He was so important to us and we are so lucky to have had a dad like our dad in our lives.

"We wake up every day hoping it's a bad dream but then reality sinks in and it's another day that has passed without him. No matter how many years pass, kind words or speaking out loud, all we have left are memories and photos to tell and show our children and our loved ones.

"We want Martin to understand that these words come direct from all of us and to know that he can no longer hide behind his lies and deceit. We want him to know that he has put this family through six months of hell and heartbreak, knowing his guilt and not accepting responsibility for the brutal murder of someone who was supposed to be his friend.

"We will never understand why he did this especially knowing our family's tragic past. He knew that Dad's niece was murdered in 1994 and the emotional affect this had on our Dad. Martin has made us relive the unlivable and robbed us of our future without him.

"How do you explain that feeling of having our only remaining parent taken away from us? Words will never explain the heartache, the anger, the pain and the sadness this has left behind.

"We love and miss him so so much every day, we will never forget how amazing he was as a dad, grandad, brother and friend and we want everyone to know what a special person he was and that he was taken away from us all far too soon."

Stuart Morris
