```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "More than 800 emergency calls and more than 1,800 calls to 101 \u2013 just some of the work carried out by Leicestershire Police across the weekend."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&quot;Massive effort&quot; as police deal with thousands of calls over weekend'
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/massive-effort-as-police-deal-with-thousands-of-calls-over-weekend/
publish:
  date: 17:28 06/07/2020
title: '&quot;Massive effort&quot; as police deal with thousands of calls over weekend | Leicestershire Police'
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/massive-effort-as-police-deal-with-thousands-of-calls-over-weekend/
```

More than 800 emergency calls and more than 1,800 calls to 101 - just some of the work carried out by Leicestershire Police across the weekend.

Saturday and Sunday saw more officers deployed across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland than there would be for a typical New Year's Eve as the force carried out two major policing operations - Op Lockfast and Op Integrate.

 Op Lockfast saw patrols in the protected area of Leicester and its surrounds where there was huge compliance with the current Health Protection Guidance which is in place. Meanwhile Op Integrate saw officers on duty outside of the protected area where lockdown rules have been eased. Across these areas, the vast majority of residents were seen to be complying with the Government guidelines, acting responsibly and socialising safely.

Figures released show that Saturday saw a total of 478 calls made to 999 throughout the day and evening with 1,019 calls made to 101. Sunday saw 411 calls made to 999 with 830 calls made to 101.

In relation to reports of breaches of Health Protection Guidance, the force has continued to use its approach of engaging with people, explaining and encouraging with enforcement only used when necessary. Across the weekend, a total of 21 Fixed Penalty Notices were issued. In total 465 FPNs have been issued to date.

The current Health Protection Regulations state that in the protected area, public gatherings of more than six people are banned. Outside the protected area, as across the rest of the country, it is against the law for gatherings of more than 30 people to take place. This came into force on Saturday (4 July) as part of the amended regulations.

The force continually issued updates throughout the weekend through our social media channels. Posts on the main Leicestershire Police Facebook and Twitter accounts on Saturday had a reach of more than 621,000. This is not taking into account the posts which were shared across the local neighbourhood area accounts where information and updates were provided in a number of different languages.

Yesterday (Sunday), Chief Constable Simon Cole issued a thank you message to the force, to communities across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and to partners of the force.

He said: "This time has been a huge challenge for all of us. We are effectively policing a force area where different Government guidelines apply to different areas. But the way that my officers and staff have responded to this has simply been outstanding. Saturday night especially saw a massive effort across the whole area and I am very proud of the dedication and commitment which everyone involved has shown

"Across the protected area of Leicester and the surrounds there was huge compliance with the lockdown rules. Throughout the rest of the force area, the vast majority of residents were acting responsibly and adhering to guidelines. Thank you for this and for working with us to keep our communities safe and protected.

"Our thanks also go to our partners and volunteers who have been working alongside us and also carrying out tremendous work. Members of our Special Constabulary have carried out tireless work and shown a massive effort in their duties as have our partners including the local authorities and British Transport Police. It has very much been a joint effort across the whole weekend.

"Sadly, there were however a number of incidents too which you will have seen. These are, of course, being taken very seriously and full investigative work is underway. Saturday night also saw a dispersal order placed in Market Harborough centre after reported incidents of low level public disorder.

"For us, there is still a lot more work going forward and therefore we continue to ask you to be responsible. This is a continued public health crisis. If you are in the protected area, then please ensure you stay at home, you only travel if essential, you wash your hands regularly, maintain two metres social distance from others and get tested if you do have any symptoms.

"If you live outside the area please still ensure you are adhering to Government guidelines, staying responsible, socialising safely and maintaining social distancing. This is about our lives and our livelihoods and we all need to continue working together in order to stay safe together. Thank you to the vast majority of you who have been and continue to work with us in this way."
