```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing to anyone who has seen the items described to make contact
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jewellery and medals stolen from Leicestershire home
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/sentimental-jewellery-and-medals-stolen-from-leicestershire-home/
publish:
  date: 16:19 05/11/2019
title: Jewellery and medals stolen from Leicestershire home | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/sentimental-jewellery-and-medals-stolen-from-leicestershire-home/
```

A number of sentimental items of jewellery and medals are believed to have been stolen from a Leicestershire home.

The items which include rings, broaches and medals were reported stolen from the property in Templar Way, Rothley, on 28 October.

It is believed the theft happened between 8 October and 22 October - an exact date of the incident is not known. No forced entry was gained to the property and it is believed the items may have been stolen in a distraction burglary.

Detective Constable Del Gillespie said: "We are continuing to establish the circumstances in which these items have been taken and are carrying out enquiries.

"The items stolen are of huge sentimental value to the victim and we want to ensure they are safely returned to their rightful owner. It is possible that the items have been offered for sale at markets or car boot sales during the past few weeks or to local second-hand goods or antiques dealers.

"If you have come across any items similar to those described below, we urge you to make contact with us."

The items stolen include:

 * A wedding ring described as a plain gold band with 'to love and cherish' engraved inside the ring
 * An engagement ring which is described as a gold ring with a single diamond.
 * A collection of six gymnastic medals won in 1956 in the Metropolitan and Southern Countries amateur gymnastics association championships (pictured).
 * A Chief Scouts Commendation Badge and a Scouts Thanks Badge together in a green presentation box with a Scout badge on the top

 * A gold, diamond and ruby ring with a central ruby surrounded by eight diamonds
 * A single string of pearls in an oval plastic pearl box
 * A gold broach with the name Christine engraved on it (similar to the one pictured)
 * Three cameo broaches and a cameo pendant. One cameo is black and white, the others are honey colour and cream.
 * A ring with a central pearl surrounded by pale pink stones

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 19000576301.
