```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Members of Leicester\u2019s Muslim community have united in giving thanks to police officers and staff on the frontline."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Generous donation made to Leicestershire Police from local Muslim community
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/generous-donation-made-to-leicestershire-police-from-local-muslim-community/
publish:
  date: 11:27 18/11/2020
title: Generous donation made to Leicestershire Police from local Muslim community | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/generous-donation-made-to-leicestershire-police-from-local-muslim-community/
```

Members of Leicester's Muslim community have united in giving thanks to police officers and staff on the frontline.

The monetary donation has been given by the community of Masjid Al-Falah, based at Spinney-Hill, as a show of appreciation for the tremendous work served to the community. The community feel grateful to the force for keeping people safe and reassured throughout COVID-19.

Chair of Masjid Al Falah, Abdul Karim Gheewala, said: "God bless you, as you serve humanity without hesitation."

Leicestershire Police Federation (LPF) fund a welfare van which provides a comfortable space to support officers and staff on the front line when they are part of a large operation or responding to significant events, requiring extended care.

It has been decided the donated funds will be put towards ensuring this vital resource is stocked with essential items such as food, drink and PPE.

Chief Superintendent and Head of Local Policing, Adam Streets, said: "I would like to say a huge personal thank-you to the committee of Masjid Al Farah and its congregation.

"The money which has been donated will ensure that officers and staff will have enhances access to provisions to improve their welfare when deployed on the front line during these unprecedented times. I have been truly humbled by the generosity shown."

Spokesperson of the Federation of Muslim Organisations (FMO), Suleman Nagdi, said: "Providing essential supplies such as food and drink at times of need is vital to ensure the force's police officers and staff working tremendously hard are well looked after.

"FMO are humbled by one of its affiliates, Masjid Al-Falah, who have donated money which was collected from their congregation for our frontline workers who have worked so hard during the pandemic. Thank you for all of the work you do to keep our communities safe. Your commitment to our safety is greatly appreciated."
