```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The recruits took their oath this afternoon (12 May) in front of a Magistrate
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest recruits to the force are sworn in
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/latest-recruits-to-the-force-are-sworn-in/
publish:
  date: 15:10 12/05/2020
title: Latest recruits to the force are sworn in | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/latest-recruits-to-the-force-are-sworn-in/
```

The force's latest recruits were sworn in at a special ceremony at Leicestershire Police headquarters this afternoon. (12 May)

A cohort of 16 student officers took their oaths and are three weeks into their training schedule as part of the Initial Police Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP).

The ceremony was overseen by magistrate Mrs Anne Cowan JP, Deputy Chairman of the Leicestershire and Rutland Bench, alongside Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon.

Among the student officers receiving their warrant cards was Abby Underwood, a former project manager.

The 29-year-old, who has a degree in interior design, is now realising her long held ambition to become a police officer.

She said: "I really care about making a difference to others and policing was something I'd considered before I took my degree."

She ended up going down a different route but said: "When I saw an advertisement on Facebook for Leicestershire Police a while ago, it felt like it was fate and I applied. I thought I didn't have anything to lose and as I managed to get through each process, my desire just grew stronger and stronger."

Abby hasn't let the current situation put her off either.

She added: "If anything, working for the emergency services right now and being on the front line, has spurred me on. It's times like this we all need to pull together."

Fellow student officer Amelia Nicholson, 25, is equally as happy to have joined the force.

With a degree in photographic journalism, Amy had gone down a digital marketing route before realising it wasn't for her.

"I took a job on the lifeguard team at Center Parcs Sherwood Forest instead and it occurred to me that I really enjoyed being part of a team and working with the public. I like being able to help people and I know I will get all that and more from being part of this force."

Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon said: "Taking the oath to become a police officer is one of those moments they will never forget. They should be extremely proud to be here and we're equally proud to welcome them into our policing family.

"We know that they will help to make a huge difference to the communities they work in and carry out invaluable work to ensure people stay safe. Never has this been more true than now.

"The job of a police officer is like no other and they will learn many skills as they progress through their training. Not least how to handle difficult situations and circumstances as those we have found ourselves in recently. What they will also find is that it is thoroughly rewarding."

Lord Willy Bach, Police and Crime Commissioner said that he was disappointed not to be there in person to welcome the new recruits, adding that he was proud to see so many new faces at the current time.

"The very fact that that we have continued to recruit and train new officers throughout the current Covid-19 situation is good news for the force and the wider community," he said.

"When I was elected I made it clear that I wanted more officers on the streets of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland. Our new recruits are helping me to fulfil that promise and from their point of view they are joining one of the best police forces in the country, which will offer them a lifetime of opportunity."

There are several routes into policing. If you are interested in a career with us visit our recruitment pages.
