```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police participate in city&#39;s celebration of pride.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester Pride 2019
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicester-pride-2019/
publish:
  date: 11:40 30/08/2019
title: Leicester Pride 2019 | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicester-pride-2019/
```

Leicestershire Police is taking part in this years' Leicester Pride event at Victoria Park in celebration of diversity.

This Saturday (31 August) members of the LGBT+ Network will be joined by off duty police officers, special constables, cadet leaders, volunteer cadets and other volunteers who will march in the parade alongside other blue light organisations and members of the LGBT+ community.

The Chief Officer Team have authorised staff to march in the parade in police uniform or 'policing with pride' t-shirts, whilst flying the LGBT rainbow, bisexual and transgender flags.

LGBT+ Network and officers will be wearing recycled old police uniform, including hats and shields which have been decorated by officers off duty.David Sandall, one of the force's Assistant Chief Constable said: "Pride is a celebration of diversity, it provides a great opportunity for the Police to support the local LGBT+ community, whilst also showing that policing provides fantastic opportunities for people from all backgrounds to come and join us and serve our local communities."

Co-Chair of the Leicestershire Police LGBT+ Network, PC James Yeoman added: "Pride is an important day in the LGBT+ calendar and is always one that we as a LGBT+ Police Network, look forward to taking part in.

"Pride allows us to celebrate diversity in every form, reminding everyone of the challenges LGBT+ individuals once faced, the incredible moves forward that we have implemented, but also highlighting the hard work that continues to make the world a better place for LGBT+ individuals.

"Pride is symbol of that, and allows everyone the right to celebrate just who they are without discrimination. So we will look forward to celebrating with you on Saturday at Leicester Pride."

The Diversity and Inclusion Unit, Hate Crime Officer, Victim Support, and the OPCC will also have a stall on Victoria Park where the parade will end. They will be joined by members of the Roads Policing Unit and Neighbourhood Police Officers from around the city centre.

For the first time there will be member of the positive action recruitment team there to talk to about recruiting and joining Leicestershire Police. People will be able to take part in the police fitness test and try police uniform on.

Victim First will also be sharing the stall with Leicestershire Police, providing advice around what they do, the close working relationship between them and Leicestershire Police, and how they support victims of crime.

For the most up to date travel and any possible road closure advice follow Leicester City Councils road works and closures pages

Follow our social media channels @LGBTPoliceLeic, @CentralLeicsNPA and @policediversity to keep updated throughout the day.
