```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Inspector Jamie Osborne took over as the police commander of Hinckley and Blaby this week
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Meet the new police commander
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/meet-the-new-police-commander/
publish:
  date: 15:56 14/08/2020
title: Meet the new police commander | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/meet-the-new-police-commander/
```

"My policing journey started around 40 years ago. I remember at the age of 10 or 11 being taken on a school trip to Wigston Police Station - a really friendly officer talked to us and showed us around the cells.

"As a kid, even when I used to play cops and robbers with my friends, I was always the cop. Being in the police just stuck with me - it was all I ever wanted to do."

Inspector Jamie Osborne fulfilled his childhood dream when he joined the force nearly three decades ago. First as an eager 21-year-old Special Constable in 1991 and then as a fulltime officer in September 1993.

**Jamie at his passing out parade in 1993**

This week he takes on his latest policing challenge as the new policing commander of Hinckley and Blaby.

In his nearly 27 years' service, Jamie's worked in many different areas of policing including his early years as a PC in Braunstone and eight years as part of the roads policing team - chasing down stolen vehicles and those used by criminals to commit and flee from crimes.

"Some of my best memories in policing are those early years. Not only some of the jobs I was involved in but it is also when I met some of my closest friends who I still have the pleasure of knowing today. The incidents you deal with, the experiences you share, there really isn't any other job like it and it really does bond you."

After 14 years, Jamie focused his crime frightening efforts in and around the Loughborough area as a response officer and also as part of different local neighbourhood teams - both in the rank of PC and sergeant.

He was working in Loughborough during the summer of 2012 and was fortunate enough not only to carry the Olympic torch through the streets he patrolled but also got to meet some well-known faces, including gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill, chairman of the games Seb Coe and the then Prime Minister David Cameron.

**Jamie with 2012 Team GB hockey player Richard Smith**

Jamie then took a step back from dealing directly with incidents and spent a year in charge of the force's Special Constabulary, before turning his attentions to the management of offenders - those who have served their sentence but are at high risk of harm or reoffending.

When promoted to the rank of Inspector, Jamie then stepped back into the cells - the area that had peaked his policing interest as a child all those years before. And then in 2019 he took on the task of coordinating the delivery of officer driver and skills training across four regional police forces.

During this time Jamie was diagnosed with a condition called Meniere's disease which has left him with slight balance issues and also partially deaf in one of his ears. Determined not to allow his condition to have a negative effect on his job or his continued progression, when the role of commander was mentioned he was quick to apply for the job.

This latest move will see him in charge of the teams of PCSOs, PCs and sergeants who police the neighbourhoods of Hinckley and Blaby - working closely with partners and communities to ensure local issues are identified and addressed.

The dad of two is also a keen cyclist, runner and walker and is looking forward to exploring the rural areas of this new NPA - both on and off shift.

"I am excited to get started and build some great relationships with the teams, partners and the communities in the area. If anyone sees me out and about either in my uniform or in my Lycra please stop me and say hello."
