```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for public help after a man was stabbed inside an address in New Parks, Leicester
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following stabbing in Leicester
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-leicester/
publish:
  date: 09:36 21/09/2020
title: Appeal for information following stabbing in Leicester | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-leicester/
```

Updated News Post

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was injured in an incident in New Parks, Leicester.

It happened at around 11.55pm yesterday (Saturday 19 September) when a man was stabbed inside an address in Dillon Road.

It was reported that two men had entered the property and attacked one of the occupants before chasing him outside and towards Aikman Avenue before leaving the area.

Officers attended and a man, 18, was taken to the Leicester Royal Infirmary for treatment where he currently remains. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening or life-changing.

A woman, inside the address, was pushed to the ground during the incident but was not injured.

One of the suspects is described as mixed race, around 20-years-old, 6ft tall and of average build wearing all black hooded clothing and a black mask.

The second suspect is described as white, also around 20-years-old, 5ft 7ins tall and of average build wearing dark coloured clothing and a black mask.

A man, 35, was arrested nearby on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent - he has since been released with no further action.

Detective Sergeant Dan Cumpsty is investigating. He said: "Enquiries are continuing to determine the exact circumstances surrounding the incident and find those responsible.

"Although it was late at night there were people about and I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the area and saw anything suspicious to come forward.

"I am particularly interested in any CCTV or dashcam footage that has captured anyone matching these descriptions in the areas of Dillon Road, Aikman Avenue and St Oswalds Road.

"If you have information to assist with our enquiries please get in touch."

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting crime reference 20*493733.
