```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police Volunteers have delivered more than 700 prescriptions to vulnerable people and those who are self-isolating.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police volunteers deliver 700 pharmacy packages to vulnerable people
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/leicestershire-police-volunteers-deliver-700-pharmacy-packages-to-vulnerable/
publish:
  date: 09:00 19/04/2020
title: Leicestershire Police volunteers deliver 700 pharmacy packages to vulnerable people | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/leicestershire-police-volunteers-deliver-700-pharmacy-packages-to-vulnerable/
```

Volunteers from Leicestershire Police have delivered more than 700 prescriptions to vulnerable people and those who are self-isolating.

The police volunteers involved in the deliveries are members of the Leicestershire and Rutland 4x4 Response group, a registered charity officering assistance to the emergency services and local authorities.

The group's primary role is to provide 4x4 transport in times of severe weather, transporting essential personnel or supplies to affected areas. This is the first time it has focussed its efforts on pharmacy deliveries.

Chairman of the group, Simon Dale, said: "We are doing what we do best, supporting our communities. Normally our help is in response to bad weather conditions but in the strange situation we now find ourselves in, we've found a new way in which we can help people. Since Friday 27 March we've completed more than 700 pharmacy deliveries and we're continuing to deliver up to 90 parcels each day."

Initially the group was approached by a pharmacy in Melton Mowbray as a solution to ensure that prescriptions would reach the most vulnerable or those self-isolating. Now the group is delivering for three additional large pharmacies across the county and has received enquiries regarding the distribution of food supplies and personal protective equipment (PPE).

The group's press officer, Nigel Spencer, was one of the first group members to get involved with the pharmacy deliveries.

He said: "I grew up in a rural community in the 1970s and we would all work to help each other out. It became part of my DNA to join the 4x4 response group and to become a police support volunteer. Supporting our communities in times of need and helping the people who help you is what we do best."

The volunteers are all trained in basic first aid and are also able to manage the scene of an accident or breakdown until the emergency services arrive.

Chief Inspector Paul Allen from the force's Local Policing Directorate said: "The Leicestershire and Rutland 4x4 Response group has been really innovative in adapting the way in which it works to help communities. I'm proud that our police support volunteers are able to be a part of that and can really make a difference during this challenging time. Well done all!"

Anyone interested in finding out more about Leicestershire and Rutland's 4x4 Response is encouraged to visit its website: www.lr4x4response.org.uk

Leicestershire Police is also supporting a new website which can help people across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to find support teams during the Covid-19 pandemic. The One Prepared website includes information and advice on helping to look after vulnerable people and help those suffering financial hardship.

It was created as part of the ongoing multi-agency work the force is undertaking with partners as part of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland's Local Resilience Forum. Further information can be found by visiting: www.llrprepared.org.uk/one-prepared/

_Leicestershire and Rutland's 4x4 Response group delivering medication_
