```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Keenan Grace, 23, was sentenced to more than four years&#39; imprisonment
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2021/01.-january/keenan-grace-and-pd-hope.jpg?crop=(6,0,614,320)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed after being detained by police dog
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/drug-dealer-jailed-after-being-detained-by-police-dog/
publish:
  date: 14:50 28/01/2021
title: Drug dealer jailed after being detained by police dog | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/drug-dealer-jailed-after-being-detained-by-police-dog/
```

A drug dealer who was detained by a police dog after running from officers has been sentenced to more than four years imprisonment.

Police were in the area of Belgrave Gate, Leicester, on 16 June last year, when they saw Keenan Grace, who they wanted to speak to in relation to other matters, in the back of a taxi.

Officers planned to stop the vehicle but prior to the taxi stopping, Grace left the vehicle running away from officers which included armed officers.

_**Keenan Grace**_

Officers ran after 23-year-old Grace, during which a knife fell from the defendant's pocket. This was seized by police and later identified as a lock knife.

Grace continued to run and was instructed by police to stop or police dog Hope would be called into action. Grace continued to run leading to PD Hope detaining him on Westbourne Street.

_**PD Hope**_

Grace suffered injuries following the involvement of PD Hope and was taken to hospital for treatment before later being discharged.

More than £800 was found on Grace. A single glove and a balaclava were also recovered.

A search was carried out where Grace had been running and a glove was found matching the glove which Grace was found in possession of. The glove was matched to Grace and was found to contain cocaine, heroin and cannabis.

Investigative work carried out on text messages and calls which had been deleted from a phone belonging to Grace led to a drug expert concluding that Grace was intending to supply drugs.

At Leicester Crown Court on Friday (22 January), Grace was sentenced to a total of 42 months imprisonment after pleading guilty to possession of class A drugs (cocaine) with intent to supply, possession of class A drugs (heroin), possession of class B drugs (cannabis) and possession of a bladed article.

At the same hearing he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment to be served consecutively after pleading guilty to two counts of handling stolen goods in relation to offences committed in 2018.

The total sentence imposed was therefore 50 months imprisonment.

Detective Sergeant Jason Fell said: "Grace tried to evade police after initially being stopped but after being pursued by officers on foot and with the assistance of PD Hope, he was detained.

"Investigative work led to him admitting responsibility for his crimes including the possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and being in possession of a knife.

"We urge anyone with any information on serious offending of this kind to make contact with us. We will take action on the information we receive to bring offenders to court."
