```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Stamping out hate for Hate Crime Awareness Week
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stamping out hate for Hate Crime Awareness Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/stamping-out-hate-for-hate-crime-awareness-week/
publish:
  date: 08:00 12/10/2019
title: Stamping out hate for Hate Crime Awareness Week | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/stamping-out-hate-for-hate-crime-awareness-week/
```

Leicestershire Police is supporting National Hate Crime Awareness Week by launching a new hate crime prevention campaign this October.

Leicestershire Police is supporting National Hate Crime Awareness Week by launching a new hate crime prevention campaign this October.

The force is working with partners to raise awareness of hate crime by encouraging communities to "Say No To Hate" and report hate incidents online via the new and improved 'Stamp It Out' website.

Hate crime is when someone commits a crime against you because of your perceived or actual disability, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, religion or any other perceived difference. It is not OK - if you see it or experience it report it to us.

Isla Dixon, is the new Hate Crime Officer for Leicestershire Police. She said: "The theme for this year's National Hate Crime Awareness Week within Leicestershire is 'Messages of Hope' and there is no stronger message to offenders than our diverse communities in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland standing together side by side against hate.

"Communities are encouraged to hold their own events this week or visit their local council website for events in their area. The force is holding a Service of Remembrance at Leicester Cathedral on Wednesday 23 October and everyone is welcome."

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said "We don't tolerate hate crime at any time - it is not acceptable to be targeted because of who you are. Hate Crime Awareness Week allows us the chance to put hate crime in the spotlight and give people the confidence to report incidents or crimes they experience or witness.

"We are delighted to share with you the redesigned and updated Stamp it Out website where incidents of hate crime can be reported and our new posters and advice leaflet. By working together we can 'stamp it out'."

You can follow the event of National Hate Crime Awareness week on Twitter using hashtag #NationalHCAW or follow @hatecrimeleics

You can report a hate incident or hate crime to Leicestershire Police on 101 or in emergency please call 999. You can also report to your local council or anonymously via the Stamp It Out website: stamp-it-out.co.uk
