```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Granted at Leicester Magistrates&#39; Court
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Closure order granted at address in Loughborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/closure-order-granted-at-address-in-loughborough/
publish:
  date: 16:21 26/04/2019
title: Closure order granted at address in Loughborough | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/closure-order-granted-at-address-in-loughborough/
```

A closure order has been granted at a house in Peel Drive, Loughborough, following reports of County Lines related criminality at the address.

Officers applied for the order following the arrest and charge of two people under the force's Operation Lionheart - an operation to tackle drugs supply across the city and counties.

Following this enforcement activity, officers gathered evidence of antisocial behaviour over previous weeks and on that back of this have secured a closure order on the address.

The order was granted at Leicester Magistrates' Court today (26 April) and bans anyone from entering or remaining in the property.

Sergeant Matt Allingham, the deputy Neighbourhood Policing Area Commander for Charnwood, said: "The closure of this property for the next three months means a great deal of disruption to the level of criminality in the area.

"The order has been granted following the number of crimes taking place at the property, which in turn had an impact on the policing resources.

"We hope that this closure orders sends a strong message to those who are causing high levels of anti-social and criminal behaviour - we will not put up with it and will take steps to make sure everyone in the community feels safe in the area where they live.

"Officers and staff from the Charnwood team are now working with Charnwood Borough Council and other partners to look at options that can be instigated to compliment the criminal enforcement and closure order.

"We're going to be carrying out extra patrols in the area, to provide information to the community about what's being done and how we can be contacted with information. We're going to be continuing to do all we can to protect the communities we serve.

"We know this has been an issue that has affected the public over a long period of time and we would like to ask for the support of the community in engaging with police and council workers to allow us to take action."

The order is in place until 25 July 2019. Anybody found to be in breach of the order is liable to arrest and could face a term of imprisonment, a fine, or both. A copy of the disclosure order will be on display at the property.
