```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The two year Degree Holder Programme known as DHEP opens today (13 January)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New route into policing opens
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/new-route-into-policing-opens/
publish:
  date: 08:00 13/01/2020
title: New route into policing opens | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/new-route-into-policing-opens/
```

Leicestershire Police has teamed up with De Montfort University to offer a new route into policing for those with a degree or who are about to receive one.

The two year Degree Holder Programme known as DHEP opens today (13 January) from 9.30am and will see recruits learn on the job with some academic and coursework based training too.

Successful candidates will receive a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice (PPPD) from De Montfort University - the awarding body - subject to course validation by the College of Policing.

Sergeant Yusuf Nagdi has been with the force for 15 years. He joined having already achieved a degree in Law and Psychology as well as a Post Graduate Certificate in Law and is currently a recruitment officer.

He has worked in various front line roles throughout the years and said: "This job is like no other. No day is ever the same and that's why I've loved every minute of it. I've been able to work in various roles but always at the heart of policing - which is what I wanted to do.

"There are so many different paths available to people who join the force, from serious crime investigation or forensics to firearms and dogs or neighbourhood policing. We're one big family.

"I would recommend policing to anybody. If you want to find out more about the career paths available then why not join us for one of our recruitment events where you can talk to officers from various departments and hear for yourself just what it takes. There really is nothing to lose in coming along.

"If you're only just about to finish your degree this summer, we would love to hear from you too as training won't start until after this."

Recruitment events are set to take place this month at Melton Council Offices, Burton Street on Tuesday 21 from 6-8pm, Leicestershire Police Headquarters, Enderby on Saturday 25 from 1-3pm and Nirvana Football Club, Sandhills Avenue on Friday 31 from 7-9pm.

Jim Holyoak, senior lecturer at De Montfort University in Criminal Justice (Policing) who will be teaching on the new degree apprenticeship said: "We're delighted to be delivering this programme as part of a longstanding partnership with Leicestershire Police.

"The policing team at DMU are all former police officers who bring a wealth of real-world experience as well as the academic grounding necessary for these new recruits to develop skills which make a real difference across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland."

The PEQF (Policing Education Qualifications Framework) is a new, professional framework for the training of police officers and staff.

New national recruitment guidelines set by the framework state that officers must be educated to degree level because of the growing demands of the role, complex decision making and unpredictable environment they work in.

The closing date for applications to the DHEP programme is March 31.

To apply and for more information about policing and other available roles within the force, visit our website
