```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Fourteen people have been arrested across the region in a crackdown to tackle the supply of controlled substances.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fourteen people arrested in drugs crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/fourteen-people-arrested-in-drugs-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 13:56 02/07/2019
title: Fourteen people arrested in drugs crackdown | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/fourteen-people-arrested-in-drugs-crackdown/
```

Fourteen people have been arrested across the region in a crackdown to tackle the supply of controlled substances.

Officers from the force's tactical support team and the local neighbourhood policing area carried out the enforcement activity in Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire over the last two days.

Yesterday (Monday 1 July) a 34-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of supplying class A and B drugs and a 32-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of money laundering. Both arrests took place in Leicestershire.

Today (Tuesday 2 July) a further six men, aged 23, 27, 32, 34, 37 and 37, were arrested from addresses in Leicester, Syston and Houghton on the Hill. Two 23-year-old men and a 37-year-old woman were arrested from Boston in Lincolnshire and a 33-year-old man and 39-year-old woman were arrested in Nottingham.

They were all arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply controlled drugs.

Today a 35-year-old man was also arrested in Leicester on suspicion of offences under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA).

Thirteen people remain in police custody and the 32-year-old woman arrested yesterday has been released pending further investigations.

Chief Inspector Steff Shellard from the force's operations support department, said: "Drugs ruin lives and cause devastation to communities. We work closely with our partners and are committed to cracking down on those at the root of this type of criminality to ensure they are brought to justice, as well as safeguard anyone being exploited.

"Operations to tackle the misuse of drugs will continue and communities can help us in our efforts by reporting any concerns about the suspected sale and distribution of drugs in their area, no matter how small it may seem."
