```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police activity happening today
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Lionheart - Thursday 2 May
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/operation-lionheart---thursday-2-may/
publish:
  date: 17:50 02/05/2019
title: Operation Lionheart - Thursday 2 May | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/operation-lionheart---thursday-2-may/
```

**Operation Lionheart results**

Total warrants = 132 (as of 1 May)

Total arrests = 90 (as of 1 May)

Total people charged = 78

**Operation Lionheart - update - Thursday 2 May **

**Charges**

A 14-year-old boy, who can't be named for legal reasons, has been charged with offering to supply a controlled drug of class B and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Marc Jackson, 40, West Golds Way, Devon, has been charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possession with intent to supply class B drugs, handling stolen goods, possession of a bladed article and an offence under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Craig Vernal, 39, of no fixed address, has been charged with supplying a controlled drug of class A.

Nathan Williams, 25, of no fixed address, has been charged with one count of supplying a controlled drug of class A and one count of offering to supply class A drugs.

John Hawkins, 70, of no fixed address, has been charged with allowing the use of a property for the use of class A drugs.

**Arrests**

Six people have been arrested in total today.

Three have already been charged.

Levi Kemp, 24, of Marwood Drive, Leicester, has been charged with five counts of supplying class A drugs and one count of being concerned in the supply of class A.

Connor Tooms, 22, from Leicester, has been charged with 13 counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, two counts of supplying class A drugs and one count of possession with intent to supply class A.

Grant Griffiths, 24, of no fixed address, has been charged with three counts of supplying class A drugs.

These three, below, remain in police custody.

A 16-year-old boy and a 23-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs between 26 October 2018 and 11 December 2018.

A 17-year-old boy has been arrested has been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A.
