```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information in relation to a vehicle believed to have been used
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two people assaulted following burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/two-people-assaulted-following-burglary/
publish:
  date: 14:10 23/04/2019
title: Two people assaulted following burglary | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/two-people-assaulted-following-burglary/
```

Incident number: 19000163800

Officers are appealing for information in relation to a vehicle believed to have been used in a burglary in which two elderly people were assaulted.

The car, which is believed to be a silver Mercedes C class estate car, was seen leaving the area following the incident in Stancliff Road, Leicester, at around 8pm on Sunday 31 March.

Three people wearing balaclavas entered the property assaulting two victims who were inside the house.

The suspects took jewellery and cash before leaving the property and leaving in the vehicle.

The victims, who are both in their 80s, suffered injuries in the incident and have been treated at hospital. Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

The items of jewellery stolen include a gold chain with a silver pendant, other necklaces and two gold watches. One of the watches is Seiko brand and the other is Pulsar brand.

Detective Constable Syeed Ahmed said: "We have been carrying out full enquiries in relation to this incident and I am appealing for public help, particularly in relation to the vehicle used.

"Please think back to if you were in the area at the time of the incident which was on the evening of Mother's Day. Did you see a vehicle matching the description in the area which caused you concern? Did you see or hear anything in the area which could be related to this incident? Or do you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area which may contain information which could help us?

"If you have also been sold or offered any gold jewellery recently which matches the above descriptions, I also ask that you get in touch."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 19000163800.
