```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police pair pick up medals at national Championships
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Duo medal at police athletics national championships
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/duo-medal-at-force-athletics-national-championships/
publish:
  date: 12:32 28/08/2019
title: Duo medal at police athletics national championships | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/duo-medal-at-force-athletics-national-championships/
```

It was a successful afternoon for Leicestershire Police at last week's Police Sport UK (PSUK) Athletics Championships.

The annual event which sees officers from across the country compete across a number of track and field disciplines as they represent both themselves and their force this year took place at Lee Valley Athletics Centre, London.

Wigston based, PC Ian Lee and Katrina Kemp from vehicle fleet administration both made the podium after impressive performances in their respective fields.

Speaking after winning the men's 100m veterans' (over 40s) event, PC Lee said:

"I was absolutely over the moon to win the event. It was my first ever race so it couldn't have gone any better.

"I trained really hard for it, I'm 42 years old and I just hope it shows people that no matter what your age is, if you put your mind to something, with plenty of hard work you will get the rewards.

"I put a programme together based on videos I found on YouTube and I was training a minimum of three times a week. Over a five week training block I brought my time down from 13 seconds to 11.79 and on the day running into a head wind I clocked 12.21 so I'm absolutely delighted.

"I'm going to give it a full year of training and go back next year, hopefully with similar success."

Katrina Kemp finished third in the women's 800m (no split age group) in what was her first race on the track since 1997, she said:

"I started running as a ten year old in 1970, but my days on the track finished in 1991. Last year I went down to the PSUK Championships in a support role, but it sparked something in me which made me think I should give it a go this year.

"I have kept my eye in over the years by doing triathlons and road running, but to get back on the track was magnificent and I'm delighted to have picked up a medal.

"The day as a whole was fantastic and I would absolutely encourage anyone who has even slightly considered entering the PSUK Championships to give it a go. There is a fantastic team spirit, not just amongst Leicestershire but the whole police sport family."
