```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: These are extremely distressing incidents for owners and we understand the devastating impact these crimes have and the concern that they raise
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enquiries ongoing following reports of dog thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/enquiries-ongoing-following-reports-of-dog-thefts/
publish:
  date: 14:38 26/02/2021
title: Enquiries ongoing following reports of dog thefts | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/enquiries-ongoing-following-reports-of-dog-thefts/
```

We are aware of a number of incidents in recent weeks in relation to thefts or attempted thefts of dogs.

These are extremely distressing incidents for owners and we understand the devastating impact these crimes have and the concern that they raise.

As a force we are carrying out a number of enquiries both in relation to individual incidents reported to us as well as into how the crimes are affecting the force area as a whole.

During the past two weeks, eight offences have been reported to Leicestershire Police with 13 dogs being reported stolen.

This includes five Basset Hounds being taken from kennels in South Kilworth overnight between 17 and 18 February. An appeal and images were issued last week in relation to the incident and our enquiries remain ongoing including checking CCTV in the area.

An appeal was issued in relation to Logan, a cockapoo who was stolen from kennels in North Kilworth on Friday 12 February. Thankfully, Logan was safely reunited with his owner the day after the appeal was issued.

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said: "Many of us in force are dog owners and we therefore know the important part they play in your family and fully understand the distressing and devastating impact this crime has.

"We are fully investigating reports made to us to ensure dogs are safely reunited with their owners and to find those responsible for these crimes.

"Please remain vigilant and please continue to report any incidents to us as well as anyone you see acting in an unusual manner. We will continue to act on this information received. Please also inform us of any adverts you see regarding dogs for sale where information is limited."

You can report online to us at www.leics.police.uk or by calling 101. You can also pass information on anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

Below are a number of steps dog owners can take to protect themselves and their pets.

 * Keep an ID tag on your dog at all times
 * Make sure your dog is micro-chipped and their details are updated so that they can be returned if they are stolen and subsequently found. Ask your vet to check your dog's microchip every year to ensure your details are accurate and up-to-date.
 * Keep all documentation relating to your dog(s) in a safe place. Take lots of photographs of your dog from different angles, paying particular attention to any distinguishing markings on your dog. This is to prove ownership if it's stolen,
 * Never leave your dog in the garden unattended and make sure fences and gates are secure and in good repair
 * Avoid leaving dogs in an outside kennel if possible. If not possible then make sure the kennels are alarmed.
 * Never leave a dog tied-up and unattended such as outside a shop and avoid leaving your dog unattended in a car
 * When out, always know where your dog is. Remain vigilant and be mindful of anyone who may be trying to distract your attention from your dog or to attract your dog's attention away from you.
