```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: An investigation is continuing today (Thursday) following the death of a woman at a property in Leicester.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following death of woman at property in Leicester
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/investigation-continues-following-death-of-woman-at-property-in-leicester/
publish:
  date: 21:27 25/03/2021
title: Investigation continues following death of woman at property in Leicester | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/investigation-continues-following-death-of-woman-at-property-in-leicester/
```

Updated News Post

An investigation is continuing today (Thursday) following the death of a woman at a property in Leicester.

Police received a call at 8.07pm on Tuesday (23 March) which raised concerns for the welfare of 32-year-old Smita Mistry.

This led to officers attending a property in Gedge Way, Leicester, where Smita was found inside. It was confirmed that Smita, who was also known in the local community as Samita Saunders, had sadly died.

Following initial enquiries, a 36-year-old man, of Leicester, was arrested on suspicion of murder. The man currently remains in police custody. It is believed that the man in custody was known to Smita.

A cordon remains in place at the property today while enquiries continue. Police activity also remains ongoing in the area as officers speak with witnesses, carry out house to house enquiries and check CCTV.

Detectives also continue to appeal to anyone with any information in relation to the incident or anyone who had any contact with Smita between Friday 19 March and Tuesday 23 March to contact police.

Detective Inspector Nicole Main, from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit, said: "A dedicated team continues to work on this investigation to establish the full circumstances of this incident and the events which have led up to Smita's death.

"Among our enquiries, we have been speaking to a number of people in the area, carrying out house to house enquiries and checking CCTV. I would like to thank everyone who has spoken with us so far and assisted us with this investigation as well as to people in the community for your ongoing support and co-operation as we continue our investigation. I understand the concern this has caused in the community and our officers remain in the area speaking with people and offering reassurance.

"I do continue to appeal to anyone who has had any contact with Smita since Friday (19 March) to get in touch with us - no matter how insignificant the contact you had may seem. Your information may help us as we continue to establish the full circumstances of this incident.

"I also continue to appeal to anyone who has been in the area of Gedge Way between Friday 19 March and the evening of Tuesday 23 March to think back to anything you may have seen or heard which could assist our enquiries. If you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area during this time, and have not yet made contact with us, then please get in touch.

"Anyone who does have any information in relation to the incident is urged to call 101 quoting incident 621 of 23 March."

You can also upload information online to the public portal by visiting https://mipp.police.uk/operation/33EM21I96-PO1
