```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following the incident
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man assaulted during attempted robbery in Bede Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/man-assaulted-during-attempted-robbery-in-bede-park/
publish:
  date: 14:31 30/12/2020
title: Man assaulted during attempted robbery in Bede Park | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/man-assaulted-during-attempted-robbery-in-bede-park/
```

Officers are appealing for information after a man was assaulted during an attempted robbery in Bede Park, Leicester.

The incident happened at around 9.35pm on Thursday 19 November when the victim, who is in his 30s, was riding through the park on an electrical scooter.

He was reportedly approached by a male who asked him for the time before then punching the victim to the head and attempting to take the scooter.

The victim managed to leave but was then approached by the same male who was with others in the park. The same male was reported to have punched the victim again a number of times before leaving the area. The suspects were unable to steal the scooter as the key had been removed.

The victim suffered reddening to his face following the incident. He did not require hospital treatment.

It is believed the suspects had entered the park from the direction of Western Road and walked back towards the road when leaving the park.

It is believed other people were in the park at the time and may have witnessed the incident.

From enquiries, it is believed the male who was reported to have punched the victim was wearing a red jacket with the hood up, grey trousers and was carrying a grey and black bag over his shoulder.

One of the other males is believed to have been wearing a black jacket and black trousers and was possibly carrying a brown bag on his shoulder.

A third male is believed to have been wearing a black jacket with his hood up and grey trousers. A fourth male is believed to have been wearing a navy or blue jacket with the hood up and navy or blue trousers. He was carrying a black bag with a white logo on the front.

Detective Sergeant Nadia Rana said: "We appreciate a number of weeks have passed since this incident and we have been carrying out detailed enquiries to try and locate the people responsible.

"We are now asking members of the public who may have been in the area at the time, who may have witnessed the incident or who think they may have any information which could assist our enquiries and who have not yet spoken to us to make contact.

"Anyone who has any CCTV or dashcam footage from around the area is also asked to check this to see if you can assist with our enquiries."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 20*613843.
