```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information in relation to the incident which it is believed happened in the area of the dual carriageway near to Thurmaston Retail Park
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continuing after teenage boy found with stab wound injuries
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/appeal-after-teenage-boy-found-with-stab-wound-injuries/
publish:
  date: 11:12 29/07/2020
title: Investigation continuing after teenage boy found with stab wound injuries | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/appeal-after-teenage-boy-found-with-stab-wound-injuries/
```

Updated News Post

An investigation is continuing this morning after a teenage boy was found with stab wound injuries in Thurmaston yesterday evening (Tuesday).

Police were called by East Midlands Ambulance Service at 7.40pm reporting that the boy had approached a person in the area of Winster Drive stating he had been stabbed.

The boy was taken to hospital where he currently remains with serious injuries. His family are with him.

From initial enquiries, it is believed the boy was attacked in the area of the dual carriageway near to the Thurmaston Retail Park.

The incident is believed to be an isolated incident.

A scene preservation remains in the area today and officers are continuing to carry out enquiries in the area including speaking with people in the area, gathering CCTV and carrying out forensic enquiries.

Officers also remain in the area offering reassurance.

Detective Chief Inspector Reme Gibson said: "We remain in the area this morning continuing our enquiries to establish the full circumstances of the incident.

"From enquiries, we understand the incident happened in the area of a busy dual carriageway which may have caused some cars to slow down or stop.

"If you were travelling in this area yesterday evening, please make contact with us. Similarly, if you were in the area and saw anything which caused you concern or which you think may be linked to this incident then please get in touch.

"Anyone who was in the area and has dashcam footage should also check this and make contact with us.

"If you have any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, you should get in touch."

"We do understand there will be concerns in the community and officers remain in the area speaking with people and offering reassurance while we fully establish what has happened."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 544 of 28 July.
