```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Today is a national Safer Internet Day - a campaign aimed at youngsters, parents, carers, teachers and social workers to help create a better internet.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Safer Internet Day 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/safer-internet-day-2020/
publish:
  date: 11:13 11/02/2020
title: Safer Internet Day 2020 | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/safer-internet-day-2020/
```

Today (Tuesday 11 February) Leicestershire Police is supporting Safer Internet Day - a national campaign aimed at youngsters, parents, carers, teachers and social workers to help create a better internet.

The campaign theme for 2020 is _' Together for a better internet'_ and wants to reach as many people as possible to raise awareness and promote the safe and positive use of digital technology for children and young people.

As part of this, Katie Hudson, Children and Young Person Officer for the force will be attending schools in the city and county to deliver awareness sessions to parents covering the subjects of digital footprints, apps, online identity and grooming.

The sessions aim to encourage them to take an active role and interest in their children's online activity so that they can stay safe online.

Katie said: "We support the national Safer Internet Day campaign. However, this subject is something which is always on our radar. We work with schools as well as other bodies all year round to raise awareness of the dangers that may be lurking online."

Leicestershire Police films,' Kayleigh's Love Story' and 'Breck's Last Game' will be shown on the force's social media channels to help highlight the potential dangers online when people present themselves differently from their real selves.

In addition, colleagues from the force have made a series of pledges in respect to their relationship with online activity and its impact on the children in their care.

Some of the pledges include:

'To check my son's online presence more often'

'Dinner time is family time, no tech at the table'

'Not your baby or child? Are their parents happy for you to post that picture? Who can see it?'

'To pick up a book more with my daughter rather than the iPad'
