```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detective Chief Superintendent Andy Lee retires after 31 years&#39; service
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire&#39;s head of crime hangs up his uniform for the last time
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/leicestershires-head-of-crime-hangs-up-his-uniform-for-the-last-time/
publish:
  date: 15:38 19/06/2020
title: Leicestershire&#39;s head of crime hangs up his uniform for the last time | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/leicestershires-head-of-crime-hangs-up-his-uniform-for-the-last-time/
```

After 31 years' service Leicestershire Police's head of crime is hanging up his uniform for the very last time.

Since the age of 19, Detective Chief Superintendent (DCS) Andy Lee has dedicated his life to protecting and serving the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

With a career spanning three decades there isn't many areas of policing Andy hasn't experienced.

Working for five Leicestershire chief constables during his time, catching criminals has seen him travel to India and Poland and along the way he's become highly skilled in dealing with often dangerous situations.

But back as a fresh-faced recruit in 1989, the Leicestershire lad had no grand plans to make it to the rank of DCS. His desire to serve and look after others is what ultimately drove him to the job and throughout the years it's what's motivated him to continue.

And as Andy prepares for life after policing, he also marks another big milestone. This year he celebrates 25 years of marriage after meeting his wife during his initial police training. She retired last year after working for 30 years with Staffordshire Police.

Andy said: "For me the job is about serving the public, working hard and doing it with a smile on your face. It's how I felt as a 19-year-old lad putting on the uniform for the very first time and it's how I still feel 31 years later. The types of crimes we police may have changed but to me the basic principles remain the same."

As a new bobby and for the first 13 years working in the ranks of PC and Sergeant, Andy cut his teeth on dealing with many areas of policing most would expect - patrolling the streets, engaging with communities, helping to prevent crime and catching those responsible.

"Some of my happiest times were working with a team in the north of the county - carrying out surveillance operations, executing hundreds of warrants and ultimately getting criminals locked up. It was so fast paced and exciting," said Andy.

The skills he'd learnt and developed in the early years stood him in good stead for the challenges ahead and as a detective inspector he began to take on more specialist roles dealing with serious crimes and investigations - an area of policing he's become known as an expert in throughout his career.

His specialist training in murder investigations saw him work alongside the Punjab police following the death of a UK national and he also travelled to Poland to carry out interviews after a Polish woman living in Leicester disappeared.

As a senior officer dealing with organised crime, Andy was instrumental in an operation to target rival gangs involved in supplying class A drugs and the criminal use of firearms. This led to 32 offenders been jailed for more than 300 years and the seizing of £250,000 in cash and multiple kilos of heroin and cocaine.

On countless occasions he's also commanded teams of armed officers as they respond to emergencies and pre-planned operations and is also highly trained to lead on kidnap investigations - responsibilities that only come after years of policing experience.

Away from front line policing Andy has also led on the redesigning of the work of the East Midlands Special Operation Unit, as well as helping to adapt how Leicestershire Police operated during times of austerity.

In his final few years Andy took on the huge responsibility of heading up the areas of neighbourhood policing, response and the force's contact management centre - where all 999 and 101 calls are answered, before turning his attentions, at the start of 2019, back to the world of investigations, serious and complex crime as the head of crime and intelligence.

During his more than 11,000 days as a cop Andy has had so many highlights, successes and challenging times but the part of policing he has enjoyed the most is the people.

He added: "In my time I have worked with thousands of people - from officers both in Leicestershire and other forces, our communities and partners - there really isn't any other job like it.

"I will miss my job, it's been a huge part of my life for so long but it's the people I'll miss the most - being part of the police is like a family. I met some of my closest friends in the job and it's also where I met my wife all those years ago."
