```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon and Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Jason Masters have both been awarded the Queen\u2019s Police Medal. (QPM)"
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal for Leicestershire officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/queens-medal-for-leicestershire-officers/
publish:
  date: 22:30 30/12/2020
title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal for Leicestershire officers | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/queens-medal-for-leicestershire-officers/
```

Two senior Leicestershire Police officers have been recognised as part of the Queen's New Year's Honours list.

Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon and Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Jason Masters have both been awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM).

DCC Nixon has served his entire 28-year career with Leicestershire Police. During that period he also led multi-force collaborative units working with Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire. He is a graduate of the University of Leicester and has grown up in the county.

_**DCC Rob Nixon**_

His award reflects his outstanding service to communities across the force area over many years as a detective, as the Commander for the City of Leicester, a key figure in the policing of the East Midlands region and as the lead officer who drives much of the work of the force to embed policing in local communities and to embrace technology.

For much of the year DCC Nixon has led Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland's response to COVID-19 chairing the Local Resilience Forum's Strategic Co-ordination Group. He also led work to design and implement a new model of policing into the force area in March 2020.

Chief Constable of Leicestershire Police, Simon Cole QPM, said: "'I know that all of the force will be thrilled that two of our own colleagues are to receive the Queen's Police Medal in the Queen's New Year's Honours list. Both have served the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland with distinction for many years, and they have both been at the forefront of efforts to deal with COVID across 2020.

"For much of 2020 Rob tirelessly led the partnership response to COVID across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland, bringing huge drive and energy to this crucial work whilst at the same time continuing his leadership role within policing. It is great news that Rob's outstanding public service has been recognised by Her Majesty the Queen."

DCC Nixon said: "It is rare that I am taken aback with surprise but this news was stunning. It is truly humbling. I am fortunate to work with so many committed and talented people in our communities and Leicestershire Police.

"For nearly three decades, every day has been both a joy and a challenge. I joined the police to make a difference and I hope my service continues to do just that - making people safer, strengthening our communities, and learning every day. This recognition is extraordinarily special. I feel I share it with thousands I've worked with over the years."

Jason Masters is currently seconded from Leicestershire to the National Police Chief's Council and currently is part of the national policing effort to tackle the coronavirus pandemic across England and Wales.

_**T/ACC Jason Masters**_

T/ACC Masters has been at the heart of national work to deal with the risks posed by COVID, and instrumental in ensuring that officers and staff have had access to the Personal Protective Equipment that they have needed to work 24/7 in local communities.

He has also worked nationally on air support, as well as having been involved locally in policing events for many years; that has included command for numerous Leicester City matches, during the disorder of 2011 and numerous day to day operational responses as part of 29 years-service.

T/ACC Masters said: "I am completely honoured and humbled to be recognised in this way as part of the New Year's Honours. I was almost brought to tears when I found out.

"I know a lot of the award is about my work nationally as part of the COVID response but it has been a huge team effort to ensure that officers and staff across the country get the PPE they need to keep them safe. I have had to draw upon all of my years of operational policing experience at times to find a way through."

CC Cole said: "It is good to see Jason's work on behalf of local communities recognised by Her Majesty the Queen. We are very proud of what he has achieved, and how he represents Leicestershire on the national stage."

The Queen's Police Medal is awarded to police in the United Kingdom for gallantry or distinguished service.
