```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The 29-year-old admitted a number of offences when he appeared in court yesterday
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man admits Leicester offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/man-admits-leicester-offences/
publish:
  date: 10:52 02/05/2019
title: Man admits Leicester offences | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/man-admits-leicester-offences/
```

A 29-year-old man who stole a van, crashed it into parked cars, and carried knives in public has admitted the offences.

Max Benrose, appeared at Loughborough Magistrates' Court yesterday (Wednesday 1 May) where he admitted one count of possession of a bladed article in a public place.

He also pleaded guilty to one count of taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and a further charge of using a motor vehicle without insurance.

Benrose, of Heather Road in Leicester, will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on Wednesday 29 May.

On the evening of 11 March this year, Benrose stole a Vauxhall Movano van from outside an address in Heather Road. He drove it away, crashing it into several vehicles, before abandoning it in nearby Scott Street.

Later, at around 9.40pm, he entered a shop in Knighton Fields Road East, where he made a purchase before leaving.

Benrose returned to the shop soon afterwards, holding two knives in his hand. On this occasion he made no attempt to pay for goods before leaving the store, heading off, on foot towards Welford Road.

Officers who had been alerted to the theft of the van, by the vehicle's owner, intercepted Benrose in Knighton Fields Road East where he was arrested.

PC Daphne Fromes was the investigating officer, she said: "Benrose stole the van and crashed into a number of vehicles before leaving it abandoned.

"He had no insurance, but still he chose to get behind the wheel.

"It was fortunate that nobody was injured. Had anyone been sitting in the parked cars, or had they been moving, then the events of that night could potentially have been much worse.

"When he entered the shop on Knighton Fields Road East he didn't threaten anyone, but carrying a knife in a public place is a criminal offence and in choosing to do so he must now face the consequences."
