```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Sally Porch is one of the many people performing a vital role behind the policing scene
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sally honoured for helping hundreds of officers and staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/sally-honoured-for-helping-hundreds-of-officers-and-staff/
publish:
  date: 14:06 13/07/2020
title: Sally honoured for helping hundreds of officers and staff | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/sally-honoured-for-helping-hundreds-of-officers-and-staff/
```

Having helped hundreds of new recruits to pass the infamous bleep test, being part of a team who helps rehabilitate officers and PCSOs injured in the line of duty and continually coaching and motivating experienced officers and staff to stay in shape - Sally Porch is one of the many people who performs a vital role behind the policing scene.

She's also one of a handful of employees who has more than 30 years' service and despite recently being named a runner up for the British Association of Women in Policing (BAWP) Lifetime Achievement award, she shows no sign of hanging up her trainers anytime soon.

Having performed various roles in HR and IT, Sally moved into the world of being a fitness advisor in 2004.

"I love what I do. Working with officers and staff to achieve goals, motivating people to get back into shape, working closely with someone coming back from an injury - being fit and healthy is a huge part of my world and I feel very lucky to be helping people in this way," said Sally.

In her 16 years in this area, Sally has helped hundreds of officers and staff in all aspects of health and fitness.

As well as helping to rehabilitate those injured, she has also worked as a public order and self-defence instructor and supports new recruits - helping to ensure they are in peak health not only to pass their fitness test but for the physical demands being a frontline police officer often brings.

As a mum herself, Sally takes pride in supporting women returning to work after having a baby and often provides one-to-one mentoring.

She's also heavily involved in many fitness-related charity events, including the annual 180 mile bike ride to raise money for Care of Police Survivors (COPS).

In 2015 she also was instrumental in launching the 'desk-2-5k' initiative, designed to get the workforce with no prior running experience being able to run five kilometres in nine weeks.

But it isn't just keeping officers and staff in shape that gets Sally moving in the morning. The importance of mental wellbeing has become as vital as physical health and for many years Sally has been part of the driving force behind many initiatives - continually striving to improve and enhance the facilities and support on offer.

She is not only one of the force's mental health first aiders and a wellbeing champion she's also introduced mediation, mindfulness and yoga to the force and works with other organisations across the city and counties to discuss and share ideas and best practice.

For a career spanning more than three decades, Sally is a staple part of the policing family and is often referred to as a "true inspiration for officers and staff".

She was previously named a runner up in the Women in the Public Sector Awards and was also nominated in 2017 for a BAWP award for her dedication in supporting women across the force.

Sally added: "There have been so many highlights during my career so far. Seeing the benefits, changes or initiatives I have helped to introduce and supporting the workforce to thrive has been so very rewarding."

To find out more about staff roles with Leicestershire Police, visit www.leics.police.uk/joinus
