```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A man arrested after a police officer was injured in Husbands Bosworth has been released from custody.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officer injured following attempted burglary report
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/officer-injured-following-attempted-burglary-report/
publish:
  date: 18:10 08/02/2020
title: Officer injured following attempted burglary report | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/officer-injured-following-attempted-burglary-report/
```

Updated News Post

A man arrested after a police officer was injured in Husbands Bosworth has been released from custody.

Police received a report of two men attacking a shutter at a premises in High Street, Husbands Bosworth, between Berridges Lane and Bell Lane, just before 1am yesterday morning (Friday 7 February).

The suspects were reported to have left the scene in a red/maroon-coloured Renault Megane sports car.

Police attended the scene and saw a vehicle matching the description in the area of Bell Lane, Husbands Bosworth. One of the suspects, who was in possession of a crowbar, then got out of the vehicle leading to the officer attempting to stop the suspect.

The car was then reported to have been driven at the officer who did manage to step aside but was clipped by the vehicle. She fell to the ground suffering minor injuries. The officer did not require hospital treatment.

No entry was gained to the premises and nothing was stolen.

A 37-year-old Wigston man was arrested on suspicion of attempted burglary and attempt to cause grievous bodily harm in connection with the incident. He has since been released on bail pending further enquiries.

An investigation remains ongoing and officers are appealing to anyone with any information, including CCTV or dashcam footage to make contact.

Detective Constable Chantel Booth said: "While the incident did happen in the middle of the night, we are still appealing to people who may have information which may assist us.

"Did you happen to be in the area at the time and see or hear anything? Do you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the scene which could assist our enquiries? Did you see the vehicle described in the area?

"If you have any information, you should contact police."

Call 101 quoting incident 20*72423.
