```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: In her 17 years as a frontline officer Louise Kay has responded to thousands of 999 calls
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PC named runner-up in national award
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/pc-named-runner-up-in-national-award/
publish:
  date: 11:00 15/07/2020
title: PC named runner-up in national award | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/pc-named-runner-up-in-national-award/
```

Working as a frontline officer for 17 years, PC Louise Kay has responded to thousands of 999 emergences - helping people in difficult, dangerous and often desperate situations.

But despite the many years of catching criminals and saving lives, Louise always starts her shift with the same passion and enthusiasm she had when putting on the uniform for the very first time.

"It feels like many moons ago and although I was happy in my 9-5 office job I found myself wanting more - a challenge, an adventure. So in 2003 I joined Leicestershire Police and I've never looked back," said Louise.

"I've had 17 years as a cop so far, most of that time spent on the frontline - first as a general duties officer, then as part of the patrol and resolution team (PRT) and now a neighbourhood patrol officer. No matter the title I consider myself a police constable with passion and drive."

Louise is one of many officers who everyday goes above and beyond her duty to protect and serve the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

She is so highly regarded in her career that in 2019 she was awarded the title of 'PRT Officer of the Year' for the outstanding care and compassion she has shown to victims and the vulnerable.

She was also recently named nationally as a runner up in the 'Officer of the Year' category at the British Association of Women in Policing awards after being nominated by her sergeant.

Louise was one of three Leicestershire officers chosen in the category - with Special Constable Kimberley Pulley also scooping a runner-up place and detective Anna Blockley winning the award.

"I work with some incredible people so how I was picked as the winner I'll never know - it was such an honour to be recognised. Now to be nominated nationally and selected as a runner-up from the many police women across the UK who do an amazing job has been a real shock to me and I am extremely grateful," added Louise.

"As on officer on the frontline I come to work every day not knowing what I'll face. As often one of the first responders to a scene there have been many occasions in my career where I've assisted in saving someone's life and it is those moments that stick with you the most.

"I'll never forget dealing with a serious assault a few years ago when I had to give some urgent treatment to some horrific injuries while trying to also keep the person conscious while we waited for an ambulance to arrive.

"I've also stopped a person from bleeding to death after he attempted to take his own. Thankfully both of them survived after receiving excellent care from our NHS colleagues.

"I've really had such a varied career so far and have met so many lovely people and some not so lovely too along the way. The old cliche really is true, no day is the same.

"People ask me all the time would I join again knowing what I know now and my response is always \- in a heartbeat."

For more information about becoming a police officer, visit www.leics.police.uk/joinus
