```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force is backing a national campaign which raises awareness of how to to check for the signs and symptoms of breast cancer.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police supports national campaign to check for signs of breast cancer
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicestershire-police-supports-national-campaign-to-check-for-signs-of-breast-cancer/
publish:
  date: 09:37 07/08/2019
title: Leicestershire Police supports national campaign to check for signs of breast cancer | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicestershire-police-supports-national-campaign-to-check-for-signs-of-breast-cancer/
```

A national campaign launched by breakfast chat-show host, Lorraine Kelly, will be promoted across the force, thanks to a member of staff who is currently battling breast cancer.

The 'Change and Check' campaign aims to raise awareness of checking for the signs and symptoms of breast cancer, by placing stickers in the changing rooms across the country. The stickers show symptoms of breast cancer such as lumps, rashes and dimpling, reminding women to see a doctor if they have any of these symptoms.

With the support of Chief Inspector Natalee Wignall and Detective Sergeant Kerry-anne Macintosh, who is currently battling breast cancer, posters will be placed in the ladies toilets across the force urging female staff and police officers to check their breasts.

Kerry-anne was diagnosed with breast cancer in December 2018 and has successfully undergone treatment this year to tackle the cancer. She is reaching the end of her treatment and is looking forward to returning to work soon.

Detective Sergeant Kerry-anne Macintosh, said: "1 in 8 women in the UK are diagnosed with breast cancer. I never thought I would be one of them and never really took the time to examine myself or seek advice if I thought something didn't feel 'quite right'.

"I eventually did and can't express how important it is to examine yourself on a regular basis and at the first sign of anything abnormal, seek advice straight away. Don't ignore it and don't make excuses because you're too busy, because it could save your life.

"As a police officer we are always looking after others, but sometimes we need to prioritise ourselves so that we can continue serving the public."

Chief Inspector Natalee Wignall, said: "Kerry-Anne is an inspirational woman who wants to highlight the importance of regularly checking for signs of breast cancer, as well as encouraging women to seek early medical advice.

"As her colleague and friend, I am so proud of Kerry-Anne's strength and determination and I am so happy that she is on the road to recovery."

Staff and officers can expect to see the 'Change and Check' posters from mid-August across all stations. Posters encouraging men to check for signs of testicular cancer will also be up in all male toilets across the force.
