```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: After 30 years&#39; service Sgt Ian Parker is retiring from policing, while his daughter is only just starting her journey
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sgt hands over baton to his daughter
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/sgt-hands-over-baton-to-his-daughter/
publish:
  date: 08:00 15/07/2020
title: Sgt hands over baton to his daughter | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/sgt-hands-over-baton-to-his-daughter/
```

Being part of policing is often likened to being part of a family and for this duo the sentiment couldn't be truer.

After 30 years' service, Sgt Ian Parker is hanging up his uniform for the very last time. While his daughter PCSO Anna Parker is only just starting out in her policing career.

At 19 years of age, Anna has only ever known her dad as an officer and with her mum being a neonatal nurse, she always knew she'd follow a similar path with a career in public service.

"I knew I wanted a job working with people and dad has always said what a rewarding and challenging career policing is," said Anna.

"I decided joining as a PCSO was how I wanted to begin my journey. I felt like it would be a good way to learn how to deal with different challenges and give me a really good grounding.

"I've now been in the force for just over a year and am based in the city centre. I love coming to work every day, building relationships with people and having a positive influence in the community. A career in policing offers so many opportunities and different pathways and I can't think of many other organisations where you would get to work with such a range of diverse communities, as well as other emergency and public services. The work I do feels very rewarding."

And as Ian prepares today (15 July) for his last shift after three decades, a varying career is also something Ian is both grateful and proud to have achieved.

"There is no other job like being in the police, everyday can be different and every role is also very different," he said.

"I started life in 1990 in Beaumont Leys as a general duty officer, similar to the neighbourhood patrol officers we have now. I've worked in six different areas of the force as a beat officer or beat Sgt, worked as a detective in Coalville, been deployed as a family liaison officer for many major incidents, including five murder investigations, worked on specialist operations targeting particular types of crime and been a custody Sgt in Loughborough - booking in prisoners and being responsible for their welfare while they are detained.

"I've now come full circle and am overseeing a team of PCs and PCSOs working in the Beaumont Leys area - back where my career began all those years ago!

"I feel so proud Anna is now experiencing a life I have been used to for so many years. We have a common connection and shared experiences, it has definitely brought us closer together."

For more information about becoming a police officer or PCSO, visit www.leics.police.uk/joinus
