```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is undertaking a week of knife crime action as part of the National Operation Sceptre.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Launch Anti Knife Crime Intensification Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-launch-knife-crime-intensification-week/
publish:
  date: 09:00 09/11/2020
title: Police Launch Anti Knife Crime Intensification Week | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-launch-knife-crime-intensification-week/
```

Leicestershire Police is undertaking a week of knife crime action as part of the National Operation Sceptre.

The seven day operation, starting today (9 November), is supported by the force's established #LivesNotKnives campaign and partnership work which aims to reduce knife crime by targeting those carrying weapons and disrupt the supply of knives available to use.

Operation Sceptre is a national initiative which runs twice per year and whilst the force will strictly adhere to the latest COVID-19 government guidelines, operational activity will still be taking place.

The force will be deploying knife arches at undisclosed locations to target those carrying knives along with any other criminality.

In addition, officers will be carrying out stop and search activity where appropriate and visiting habitual knife carriers to deliver our #LivesNotKnives messages.

As part of Operation Sceptre there will be a number of digital school engagement sessions ran by both the force and our partners. Knife crime awareness classes will take place and act as a forum for teachers and pupils to discuss aspects that lead to knife carrying and offer prevent advice and support. Over 6,000 students from across the county have enrolled and the Violence Reduction Network will also be implementing the new Mentors in Violence Prevention programme that will empower and equip secondary school students to play their role in preventing violence.

T/Chief Inspector Manjit Atwal, who leads the force's response to knife crime, said:

 "Tackling violent crime, including those who carry knives, is a force priority. This national week of action has long been planned but forms part of our collaborative Lives Not Knives campaign which works with the VRN and partners including schools, councils, health and charitable organisations, as well as parents to support with this issue across the board.

 "The force's recent knife crime report, published at the end of October, revealed a 28% decrease in knife crime incidents year on year. Whilst this is very encouraging we know there is further work to be done.

"It is important that we have positive conversations with our young people and enable them to realise that change is possible, there is help and support available. We have worked across the force with local neighbourhood policing areas, school liaison officers and partners to broaden our offering and there is lots of helpful information on our website.

"Our work to tackle knife crime continues as a priority, we are doing everything we can to catch offenders and deal with them appropriately. Ultimately, knife crime will not be tolerated on our streets."

Why not start the conversation today with our 10 step guide?

To find the guide and more knife crime resources and advice please visit our website here
