```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following the collision which happened this morning
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman left seriously injured following collision on B6047, Tilton on the Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/woman-left-seriously-injured-following-collision-on-b6047-tilton-on-the-hill/
publish:
  date: 18:26 07/11/2020
title: Woman left seriously injured following collision on B6047, Tilton on the Hill | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/woman-left-seriously-injured-following-collision-on-b6047-tilton-on-the-hill/
```

A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a collision on the B6047 near Tilton on the Hill this morning (Saturday).

Police were called to the incident at 11.35am following a report of a collision involving a yellow Peugeot car and a green Isuzu D-Max.

The incident happened on the road between Tilton on the Hill and Billesdon.

From initial enquiries, it is believed the Peugeot was involved in a collision with a blue Ford Transit Tipper van just prior to the collision with the Isuzu.

The Transit Tipper left the scene. The vehicle was found abandoned further along the road after the collision and has since been recovered by police.

The driver of the Peugeot, a 19-year-old woman, was taken to University Hospital Coventry by air ambulance with serious injuries. She remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

The male driver of the Isuzu is not believed to have suffered serious injuries.

Police are continuing to establish the full circumstances of the collision and are appealing to anyone with any information to make contact.

Detective Sergeant Paul Hawkins said: "A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following this collision.

"We are carrying out enquiries to establish the full circumstances of how this incident has happened and I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and who has any information in relation to the incident to make contact with us.

"Anyone who saw any of the three vehicles mentioned in the area prior to the collision or who witnessed the incident should get in touch. Similarly if you saw the Transit Tipper van being abandoned in the area or a person walking along the carriageway towards Melton from the area of Green Lane and Tilton Road, you should also make contact.

"If you were in the area and have dashcam footage, I also urge you to get in touch as this could hold vital information for our ongoing enquiries."

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting incident 194 of 7 November.
