```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Thousands set for Diwali light switch on
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrate safely this Diwali
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/celebrate-safely-this-diwali/
publish:
  date: 10:00 10/10/2019
title: Celebrate safely this Diwali | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/celebrate-safely-this-diwali/
```

Over forty-thousand people are expected at the Diwali light switch-on in Belgrave this weekend and Leicestershire police are encouraging everyone to celebrate safely and have a great time.

Marking the start of the 'festival of lights', the switch-on event will take place between 5.30-9pm on Sunday 13 October along Leicester's 'Golden Mile', Belgrave Road and will be celebrated with entertainment and an aerial firework show.

Leicester's event is one of the largest of its kind outside of India. Deputy Chief Constable, Rob Nixon and Crime Commissioner, Lord Willy Bach will be joining the large crowds before taking to the main stage alongside local dignitaries to light up Leicester's famous 'Golden Mile'.

Chief Superintendent Adam Streets, Commander of Local Policing, said: "Diwali is a wonderful and special time for many in the city and beyond. It gives entire communities the chance to come together and celebrate as one. We would like to wish all those celebrating a happy and safe Diwali.

"Our officers will be on hand to support the event organisers so please do approach them if you have any safety concerns, questions or if you just want to get involved in our #CopASelfie initiative on social media.

"Whilst this is an exciting celebratory occasion, it is vital that people celebrate safely, not only while at the event itself, but also before they leave their house."

The following advice has been issued for all those who are celebrating:

 * Be aware of what is happening around you and trust your instincts, if you feel unsafe change your direction and go where you feel safer or are more visible to other people
 * Be aware of your personal possessions and valuables at all times
 * Before heading out to celebrate, ensure you have locked all windows and doors, even if you are just popping out
 * If travelling by car don't leave valuables on display
 * Consider using a timer switch for lights, TV or radio
 * Keep your money or purse zipped inside a compartment in your bag. Always keep your bag close to you.
 * Don't take your own fireworks to Diwali - enjoy the organised displays
 * Always report incidents to the police via the 101 non - emergency line or 999 in an emergency

For more advice on how to celebrate safely, please visit: celebratesafely.com

With such large crowds expected, festival-goers are being encouraged to allow plenty of travel time. For more detailed information on road closures and the event itself visit: https://www.leicester.gov.uk/leisure-and-culture/festivals-and-events/

To get involved in the activities on social media follow: #CelebrateSafely and #DiwaliLeicester on Twitter, Instagram or Facebook.
