```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Inspector Yakub Ismail takes over from Chief Inspector Kam Mistry on Monday 12 April 2021. The opportunity arose when C/Insp Mistry was appointed to head the policing at Counties North.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New inspector takes command of East Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA)
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/april/new-inspector-takes-command-of-east-leicester-neighbourhood-policing-area-npa/
publish:
  date: 09:20 07/04/2021
title: New inspector takes command of East Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA) | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/april/new-inspector-takes-command-of-east-leicester-neighbourhood-policing-area-npa/
```

Inspector Yakub Ismail takes over from Chief Inspector Kam Mistry on Monday 12 April 2021. The opportunity arose when C/Insp Mistry was appointed to head the policing at Counties North.

Inspector Ismail has worked as a front-line police officer with 24 years' worth of service and has built a substantial career spanning from his earliest days at Charles Street Police Station, Leicester City, leading on to work across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland in various roles. Inspector Ismail then went on to spending the majority of his policing in East Leicester in both Neighbourhood and Response roles.

Most recently Inspector Ismail provided strategic policing advice to the Police and Crime Commissioner, drawing on his experience of partnership working. As a former Acting Operational Command Inspector, he brings a wealth of experience of incident management and problem-solving capability.

Inspector Ismail is enthusiastic about his new appointment. He has a strong desire to take care of other people, this sits at the core of his values set. Crucially, holding in high importance to ensure that all his officers, staff, volunteers and the public they serve are taken care off.

Chief Insp Mistry, who is leaving after one and a half years, speaks fondly of his time at NPA East:

"It has been a great privilege to lead the policing at East Leicester NPA; throughout my career, the role, I have got to say, has definitely been the most challenging, diverse, riskiest and busiest NPA in the force."

"It has been an honour to lead the internal team (police officers, staff and volunteers) and serve the communities, and as such has made me immensely proud to be their commander. Leaving East Leicester NPA was never on my radar until I was given an amazing opportunity that once again further enhances my career within Leicestershire Police."

"I know Inspector Ismail will continue the strong partnership working that I have built and has led to year on year reductions in crime particularly in Robbery and Violent crime. We have ran a number of campaigns within the area of East Leicester, paying strong attention to catalytic converter thefts, street robberies and domestic abuse. The last 12 months has seen forces all over face new challenges as the pandemic changed the way policing views its role as custodians of public safety."

"This has been achieved thanks to strong partnership working with Leicester City Council, the Safer Leicester Partnership, Neighbourhood Watch, Police Volunteers and the great team of police officers and police staff who are proud to patrol the streets of East Leicester."

Commenting on his appointment, Inspector Yakub Ismail said; "I will continue to work in partnership with our diverse community to address what matters to them most. I feel really honoured to be returning as the commander to the area where I spent most of my front-line service. I am especially looking forward to working with the people in Thurnby Lodge and Netherhall where I have spent many happy hours as a Neighbourhood Sergeant."

"Having lived in East Leicester for over a decade, I know what matters to local people, and what matters to them, matters to me. I am looking forward to building even stronger relationships with all sections of the community particularly young people."

"I hope to build on the excellent work delivered under C/Insp Mistry's leadership and will continue to deliver high quality policing. I am determined to be approachable and accessible to local people and will ensure good police visibility in NPA East to give community reassurance."
