```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The current round of recruitment for PCSOs ends on 22 December
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Only 12 days left to apply to become a PCSO
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/only-12-days-left-to-apply-to-become-a-pcso/
publish:
  date: 10:55 10/12/2019
title: Only 12 days left to apply to become a PCSO | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/only-12-days-left-to-apply-to-become-a-pcso/
```

Are you looking for a new challenge to ring in the New Year - if so why not consider work as a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO)?

The force is looking to recruit people from all backgrounds into this exciting role and there are just 12 days left to apply.

No two days are ever the same in this job. There are plenty of opportunities to engage with local communities and you will be at the heart of tackling a range of crime and disorder.

PCSOs play a vital role in deterring people from committing offences and can contribute to stopping minor problems from turning into something far more serious.

They are a visible anti-crime presence and therefore being able to communicate effectively and calmly in difficult situations and offer comfort, support and reassurance, is vital to the role.

There is also a host of benefits available to those who join from gym membership and cycle to work schemes to sports and leisure clubs and play scheme discounts.

Mark Williamson has been a PCSO for the past two years and says the job is "like no other."

He said: "I love it. I joined to make a difference and that's exactly what I do every day. I love going to lots of events and talking to different people out and about in the community. Each day is different - there's so much variety and you can never get bored. Being part of the police is like joining a big family."

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment coordinator for the force said: "Leicestershire Police is keen to recruit a number of individuals from diverse backgrounds. We want a Police service that truly represents the communities we serve. If you show the right level of commitment and dedication, you can be part of our amazing team. But there isn't long to apply - the closing date is 22 December."

An information event for anyone interested in becoming a PCSO is taking place on Thursday, 12 December at Age UK, Clarence House, 46 Humberstone Gate, Leicester, LE1 3PJ from 3.30pm - 5pm when serving officers will be available to talk to and you can find out more about the opportunities available as well as the application process. Feel free to drop in.

For more information on becoming a PCSO and what the job entails visit our website
