```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Force seeks teenagers to join as Volunteer Police Cadets
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Recruitment opens for Leicestershire Police&#39;s Cadet Programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/recruitment-opens-for-leicestershire-polices-cadet-programme/
publish:
  date: 09:30 09/03/2020
title: Recruitment opens for Leicestershire Police&#39;s Cadet Programme | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/recruitment-opens-for-leicestershire-polices-cadet-programme/
```

The search is on for 150 young people in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to join Leicestershire Police's Volunteer Police Cadet (VPC) programme.

The programme invites young people aged 13 to 17 years to gain an unrivalled insight into policing and learn new skills and knowledge, while helping their community.

Recruits will be trained by police officers, staff and cadet leaders, and will be given the opportunity to get involved with policing across the whole county, while following Leicestershire Police's VPC curriculum.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki, the lead for the force's VPC programme, said: "From the age of 13, our Police Cadets volunteer their time across a wide range of activities. Through regular evening meetings during school term time and weekend activities our Police Cadets learn and develop operational and leadership skills that will support them in later life. We actively encourage our Police Cadets to use their skills, giving them experiences that would not happen in everyday life and will make them stand out as excellent role models and ambassadors for Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

"Cadets can gain a great deal from their involvement, from building on their own personal confidence and making new friends to helping us make their communities a safer place to live and work. In return we will provide them with training and development, equipping them to become leaders of the future, either within the police service or beyond."

Aspiring police officer Brijal, 15, joined Leicestershire Police's VPC programme in 2017. She said: "One of the main reasons I joined the Police Cadets was because I wanted to gain more confidence. Being a Cadet has really helped me and during my time with the force I've done things I never thought I would be able to do. As a Cadet I have also enjoyed learning discipline, which I think has made me a better person too.

"I've always wanted to become a police officer and work with the police dog unit. I feel like the skills, insight and knowledge I've gained as a Police Cadet have definitely given me a boost and I really hope they help me to successfully join as an officer when I turn 18."

Finley, 18, is in his fourth year as a Police Cadet. He said: "The skills that I have learned as a Police Cadet are transferable into all aspects of life, and will support you in whichever direction you take.

"While being a Cadet does not guarantee that you will become a Police Officer, I feel that the experiences and the knowledge I have gained during my time as a Police Cadet have greatly supported me and I am currently going through Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship recruitment. There are so many possibilities and opportunities that are available to those who become Leicestershire Police Cadets and I would encourage all young people to join."

Units meet weekly across the county during term time at the following locations:

 * Leicester City Centre (Monday)
 * Wigston (Monday)
 * East Leicester (Tuesday)
 * Loughborough (Monday)
 * Coalville (Tuesday)
 * Hinckley (Thursday)
 * Melton Mowbray (Thursday)
 * Market Harborough (Monday)
 * Lutterworth (TBC)

Superintendent Slonecki added: "Joining our VPC programme is a fantastic opportunity for young people to make a positive and valued contribution to their community while also enhancing their skill set. I would strongly encourage young people in the county to apply and I look forward to welcoming you all to Leicestershire Police in September."

The force will be accepting applications until Tuesday 31 March, and all applicants must be due to turn 13 by Monday 31 August 2020.

For more information on the scheme and how to apply, please visit leics.police.uk/couldyou.
