```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: This week a 34-year-old man was jailed after admitting causing death by dangerous driving
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Family of Richard Nicholls pay tribute to a \u201Cloving son, brother, husband, daddy, grandson and nephew\u201D"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/family-of-richard-nicholls-pay-tribute-to-a-loving-son-brother-husband-daddy-grandson-and-nephew/
publish:
  date: 09:40 03/12/2020
title: "Family of Richard Nicholls pay tribute to a \u201Cloving son, brother, husband, daddy, grandson and nephew\u201D | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/family-of-richard-nicholls-pay-tribute-to-a-loving-son-brother-husband-daddy-grandson-and-nephew/
```

**Following a hearing at Leicester Crown Court on Monday (30 November), the family of Richard Nicholls have released the following statement:**

"Richard was a loving son, brother, husband, daddy, grandson and nephew. He tragically and senselessly lost his life in a collision through no fault of his own, leaving his wife Natalie and two young sons - Ralph and Arthur - who he adored.

"He was, at heart, a family man who wanted only the best for his young family and had many plans for the future. He cherished the time spent with his sons and was introducing his eldest son to fishing - a favourite pastime of his - the memories of which will always be cherished.

"The enormity of Richard's loss to the whole family is immense, but of course Richard has lost the most.

_**Richard Nicholls**_

"Because of someone else's actions, he will never be able to see his sons grow up and live the life he and his wife had planned.

"There isn't a day goes by that we do not think of him. We've planted a tree in his memory and go there often. The boys leave messages for him and we take time to reflect. As well as this, a fishing match is held on his birthday for family and friends.

"No sentence can ever bring Richard back, but as he would have wished, we are all trying to move forward.

"We hope that reading this statement might just help prevent another death on the roads through the misuse of drugs or alcohol - and prevent another family going through the pain that we have endured.

"We'd like to thank everyone who supported us - and continues to support us - through this very difficult time.

"Richard will always be remembered, loved and missed."
