```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A Leicester man who made threats towards people and police officers with weapons has been jailed after pleading guilty to a number of offences.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after pleading guilty to a number of offences in Loughborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/man-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-a-number-of-offences-in-loughborough/
publish:
  date: 09:42 26/06/2019
title: Man jailed after pleading guilty to a number of offences in Loughborough | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/man-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-a-number-of-offences-in-loughborough/
```

A Leicester man who made threats towards people and police officers with weapons has been jailed after pleading guilty to a number of offences.

Mohammad Cotobaly, 32, of Narborough Road, appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 25 June) and was sentenced to 18 months in prison for affray.

He pleaded guilty to the offence at an earlier hearing, as well as two counts of possession of an offensive weapon, two counts of having an article with a blade or point and three counts of damaging property.

For these offences he was sentenced to 12 months in jail for each count of possession of an offensive weapon, 12 months in jail for each count of having an article with a blade or point and one month in prison for each count of damage. These sentences are to run concurrently.

The conviction relates to an incident at the Home Office Immigration Reporting Centre in South Street, Loughborough, in April this year.

Cotobaly damaged windows at the centre and a nearby office, before threatening a member of the public in the street and returning to the centre where he damaged property in the reception area.

When police arrived at the scene, on the morning of Monday 8 April, he damaged a police car using a baseball bat and approached officers with a knife. Cotobaly was arrested after officers discharged a Taser at him.

The defendant was found in possession of a baseball bat, machete and two knives.

PC Andrew Ilnicki was the investigating officer, he said: "This was an extremely frightening incident for those who were subjected to Cotobaly's violence, the victims feared for their lives.

"Cotobaly came armed with weapons, he intended to cause damage and frighten people. Even when police arrived he proceeded to damage a police car before walking towards officers in a threatening manner, they had no choice but to discharge their Tasers before apprehending him.

"We're pleased that he has admitted responsibility for the offences and I hope this outcome reassures the victims and local community.

"Possession of knives in a public place will not be tolerated, no matter what the circumstances. The #LivesnotKnives campaign is specifically aimed at educating the public about the dangers of such actions and the consequences."
