```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Three Leicestershire Police Officers who saved the life of a knife-wielding man have been nominated for The National Police Bravery Awards.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three officers nominated for National Police Bravery Awards
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/three-officers-nominated-for-national-police-bravery-awards/
publish:
  date: 15:05 25/09/2020
title: Three officers nominated for National Police Bravery Awards | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/three-officers-nominated-for-national-police-bravery-awards/
```

**Three officers nominated for National Police Bravery Awards**

Three Leicestershire Police Officers who saved the life of a knife-wielding man who had cut his own throat have been nominated for The National Police Bravery Awards.

PC Steve Isherwood, PC Stephen Williams and PC Alex Cullum-Kenyon's brave actions will see them join more than 90 colleagues nominated from 42 forces for their courageous acts at a prestigious awards event in London.

Organised by the Police Federation of England and Wales, this year celebrates the 25th annual awards.

The trio were attending a domestic violence call on 1 March 2020 from a woman who said her partner was smashing up her flat, was threatening to take an overdose, had assaulted her and had tried to throw her down the stairs.

The woman had managed to escape and take refuge in a neighbours' house and was being looked after by another team of officers. She was being called by her partner on her phone who was still threatening to take his own life.

On arrival, the officers managed to contain the property, but one officer could see the man was still inside and appeared to be holding a large knife before using it to cut his throat. He was bleeding profusely from the wound and was clearly in danger of losing his life.

The officers forced entry to the house and found the man finding in the bathroom with blood pouring from his neck.

PC Williams managed to stem the flow of blood using a towel, and the officers administered crucial first aid as they waited for ambulance crews to arrive to take him for emergency hospital care.

The suspect later pleaded guilty at court for the domestic assault and was given 14 weeks in jail, suspended for 12 months. He also received a rehabilitation order and a restraining order.

Leicestershire Police Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "We are extremely proud of the remarkable work of our colleagues Steve, Stephen and Alex, which is typical of the approach across Team Leicestershire. They acted selflessly and with immense bravery to intervene and save a man's life."

Leicestershire Police Federation Chairman Dave Stokes said the fast response from the officers - whilst still facing an unknown danger - had undoubtedly saved the man's life.

"They got in quickly and managed to find this man who was armed and had already proved to be violent and dangerous," he said.

"Decisions have to be made dynamically and in split-seconds - police officers have no power of hindsight. It really can be life or death.

"I'm certain without the quick actions of Steve, Stephen and Alex and their first aid skills the man in question would have died. They are very worthy of this nomination, and we are very proud of them all."

John Apter, National Chair of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: "We are incredibly proud of all the nominees from across England and Wales. The actions of these courageous officers provide a small snapshot of the amazing work our colleagues carry out day in and day out.

"PC Steve Isherwood, PC Stephen Williams and PC Alex Cullum-Kenyon's brave actions are worthy of huge praise. This man clearly showed he had no fear about using the knife, so they had a difficult balance to achieve between protecting themselves and trying to save him. What heroes."

"As a Police Federation, we wanted to make sure these brave officers received the recognition they deserve in the year their actions were meant to be celebrated. And we look forward to seeing them all in person - and revealing regional and national winners - when the time is right in 2021."

If you have been inspired by this story and are interested in a career with Leicestershire Police please visit our recruitment pages.
