```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police thank the people who give up their time to help keep the county safe
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force thanks police volunteers on International Volunteer Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/force-thanks-police-volunteers-on-international-volunteer-day/
publish:
  date: 13:43 05/12/2019
title: Force thanks police volunteers on International Volunteer Day | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/force-thanks-police-volunteers-on-international-volunteer-day/
```

Leicestershire Police thank the people who give up their time to help keep the county safe.

International Volunteer Day (5 December) is a chance to celebrate and thank volunteers across the globe, and Leicestershire Police have thanked the inspirational people who volunteer to support the force in protecting their communities.

There are currently almost 800 people who volunteer to help Leicestershire Police, either as special constables, police support volunteers, volunteer police cadets or police chaplains.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki, lead for Volunteers in Policing, said: "International Volunteer Day is an opportunity for us to raise awareness of the important contribution our volunteers make to policing in their communities. This year's international theme is 'Volunteer for an Inclusive Future', celebrating volunteerism as a powerful mechanism for inclusion and equality. Through volunteering with Leicestershire Police, our volunteers commit to a wide range of roles to learn new skills, develop operational and leadership skills, and take part in experiences that would not happen in everyday life.

"Our volunteers play a crucial role in building bridges and enabling communities to shape and support their police force while enabling policing to play an enhanced role in changing lives and providing inspiration for the future.

"Since January our team have collectively volunteered 87,286 hours to helping keep people safe, which is incredible, and their time is hugely appreciated by all of us. Thank you to every single one of our volunteers."

Volunteers are also involved in a variety of specialist roles, including a special constabulary led Safer Roads Team. The group of specially trained special constables are passionate about making the county's roads safer and have obtained outstanding results from the offset. They devote many hours a month and make a massive contribution to road safety across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

In the last month the team have volunteered 15 shifts, attended 14 incidents, carried out 27 stop checks and issued 17 traffic offence reports.

Special Inspector Stuart Mottershaw said: "I'm very proud to lead the Safer Roads Team. I think that it shows what the Special Constabulary can achieve with just a handful of hardworking, committed individuals who have a shared interest in making our roads safer places to be."

Other specialist volunteer roles within Leicestershire Police include sexual assault referral centre volunteers, home security visit volunteer, heritage crime team, cybercrime volunteers and CSE team special officers.

Leicestershire Police can also tailor roles to individuals who have a special skill or talent that they think would benefit the force.

To find out more about volunteering with Leicestershire Police, please visit www.leics.police.uk/couldyou
