```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: As our work continues into incidents involving thefts or attempted thefts of dogs, recent statistics show a decline in the number of reports
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enquiries continue following decline in dog theft reports
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/enquiries-continue-following-decline-in-dog-theft-reports/
publish:
  date: 15:46 22/03/2021
title: Enquiries continue following decline in dog theft reports | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/enquiries-continue-following-decline-in-dog-theft-reports/
```

As our work continues into incidents involving thefts or attempted thefts of dogs, recent statistics show a decline in the number of reports.

Last month we issued an update informing that eight offences had been reported during a two week period leading up to 26 February - with 13 dogs being reported stolen.

Following further analysis, between 26 February and 11 March, two reports of dog thefts have been made to Leicestershire Police. In both cases reported during this period, the dogs were found and returned to owners.

While this latest information shows there has been a decrease in reports, officers continue to carry out enquiries into the recent reports and continue to monitor how the crimes are affecting the force area as a whole.

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said: "We know these incidents are extremely distressing for owners and raise high concern among other dog owners. Many of us in force are dog owners ourselves and we therefore know the important part that pets play in your family.

"Our recent work around these crimes has shown a decrease in reports made to us but our teams do still continue to carry out their work and enquiries around these crimes.

"Please continue to remain vigilant and continue to protect yourselves and your pets as much as you can. We ask that you continue to report any incidents to us as well as anyone you see acting in an unusual manner. Please also inform us of any adverts you see regarding dogs for sale where information is limited.

"We will continue to investigate reports and to act on information received to ensure that dogs are safely reunited with their owners and continue to work to find those responsible for these crimes."

You can report online to us at www.leics.police.uk or by calling 101. You can also pass information on anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

Below are a number of steps dog owners can take to protect themselves and their pets.

 * Keep an ID tag on your dog at all times
 * Make sure your dog is micro-chipped and their details are updated so that they can be returned if they are stolen and subsequently found. Ask your vet to check your dog's microchip every year to ensure your details are accurate and up-to-date.
 * Keep all documentation relating to your dog(s) in a safe place. Take lots of photographs of your dog from different angles, paying particular attention to any distinguishing markings on your dog. This is to prove ownership if it's stolen,
 * Never leave your dog in the garden unattended and make sure fences and gates are secure and in good repair
 * Avoid leaving dogs in an outside kennel if possible. If not possible then make sure the kennels are alarmed.
 * Never leave a dog tied up and unattended such as outside a shop and avoid leaving your dog unattended in a car
 * When out, always know where your dog is. Remain vigilant and be mindful of anyone who may be trying to distract your attention from your dog or to attract your dog's attention away from you.
