```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Russel Archer has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar stabbed man who caught him at scene
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/burglar-stabbed-man-who-caught-him-at-scene/
publish:
  date: 15:07 31/01/2020
title: Burglar stabbed man who caught him at scene | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/burglar-stabbed-man-who-caught-him-at-scene/
```

A burglar who stabbed a man who caught him at the scene has been jailed for seven years.

Russel Archer was committing the burglary at a property in Ivy Road, Leicester, on the evening of Saturday 2 November when he was found by the occupants of the house and their friends who had arrived at the home.

Archer tried to flee the scene but was detained by the one of the occupants of the house and one of the occupant's friends further down the street.

This led to Archer stabbing one of the men who had detained him. Archer stabbed the victim twice in the leg. The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance where he received treatment before later being discharged.

The other man, who had helped to detain Archer, suffered cuts to his hand following the incident.

Police arrived at the scene and Archer, 45, of no fixed address, was arrested before later being charged in connection with the incident.

Last Friday (24 January), at Leicester Crown Court, he was sentenced to seven years imprisonment after previously pleading guilty to burglary, possession of an offensive weapon, unlawful wounding and assault by beating.

Archer had been committing the burglary at around 11.15pm on 2 November. On being found, he ran out of the property where he was chased by one of the occupant's friends who managed to catch up with him in the area of Bisley Street. One of the occupants then also helped to detain the defendant.

As police were being called, the two men walked Archer back towards the property. This led to Archer stabbing one of the men - the occupant of the house - to the leg.

A bank card, which Archer was found to be in possession of, and a watch which he had been seen to dispose of during the chase, was found to have been taken from the property.

The knife was recovered at the scene and further enquiries were carried out by police including forensic investigations, CCTV enquiries and speaking to witnesses.

Officer in the case, Detective Constable James Collins said: "Archer's actions caused devastation for the victims of this case - as he not only burgled a property but then caused serious injuries after being detained when he was caught in the act.

"The victims in this case showed true bravery in their actions and my thanks go to them for this and for the co-operation they have shown with us during our investigations. This has all helped lead to Archer admitting responsibility for his crimes at court."
