```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Four men have been jailed after a fight in an Earl Shilton pub which left one of them seriously injured.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/10.-october/earl-shilton-small.jpg?crop=(30,0,1170,600)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men jailed for Earl Shilton pub assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/four-men-jailed-for-earl-shilton-pub-assault/
publish:
  date: 12:55 15/10/2020
title: Four men jailed for Earl Shilton pub assault | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/four-men-jailed-for-earl-shilton-pub-assault/
```

Four men have been jailed after a fight in an Earl Shilton pub which left one of them seriously injured.

Shay McManus, 31, of Grey Crecsent, Newtown Linford, Kody Finnemore, 32, of Montvale Gardens, Leicester, Richard Henderson, 31, of Pendlebury Drive, Leicester and Deacon Smith, 25, of Evelyn Road, Leicester all appeared at Leicester Crown Court on Tuesday (13 October) where they pleaded guilty and were sentenced for the offences which happened on 11 July this year.

They all pleaded guilty to one count of possession of an offensive weapon, one count of affray and two counts of wounding with intent. McManus also pleaded guilty to burglary relating to the same incident.

They were sentenced as follows:

 * Shay McManus - Five years and four months in prison
 * Kody Finnemore - Four years and six months in prison
 * Richard Henderson - Five years and two months in prison
 * Deacon Smith - Four years and eight months in prison

At around 5.30pm McManus, Finnemore and Henderson were in the beer garden of a public house on Wood Street when they became involved in an argument with two men and this lead to a fight involving around 10 people at the pub.

Police were called but the three defendants left before officers arrived.

They later returned around 7pm with Smith, armed with machetes, a metal pole and a baseball bat, they ran into the pub from the rear entrance.

A customer in the pub sustained injuries to his hand in an attempt to challenge Henderson while a second person trying to help sustained an injury to his hand and back. Neither men were seriously injured.

While the customer was being kicked, McManus swung his knife to attack him but accidentally hit Henderson in the leg cutting him severely. Realising the serious injury, the men fled with McManus grabbing two bottles of alcohol from behind the bar.

Officers knowing the injured man would have been needed hospital treatment traced the group to the Leicester Royal Infirmary where they were found wearing the same distinctive clothing.

Finnemore, McManus and Smith were arrested while Henderson was arrested at a later date after he had received emergency surgery.

PC Neil Walker, who was the investigating officer, said the two men assaulted were lucky to have not been more seriously injured.

He said: "The customer made the brave decision to challenge an armed man while the other man attempted to assist him. What they did prevented anyone else in the pub from being assaulted and both were very lucky to not have been more seriously injured.

"This was a serious attack and was clearly pre-planned by the group who went back to the pub intent on revenge intent on causing serious harm and ironically left with one of them seriously wounded in an accidental injury caused by one of his friends.

"Unfortunately for them, we knew that Henderson would have no choice but to attend hospital and officers located them all there together some 30 minutes after the incident.

"Further investigation led officers to recover the car they had travelled in with weapons still inside.

"The case demonstrates the dangers that carrying a knife poses even when used in these circumstances. Henderson sustained a serious injury, an injury which could have been avoided had these men chosen not to carry knives. Their decision that day has left them a criminal conviction and a prison sentence."
