```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious assault outside a pub in Beaumont Leys are urging anyone who was in the area during the early hours of Friday morning (24 May) to get in touch.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Victim sustains multiple fractures after serious assault in Beaumont Leys
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/victim-sustains-multiple-fractures-after-serious-assault-in-beaumont-leys/
publish:
  date: 15:20 29/05/2019
title: Victim sustains multiple fractures after serious assault in Beaumont Leys | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/victim-sustains-multiple-fractures-after-serious-assault-in-beaumont-leys/
```

Officers investigating a serious assault outside a pub in Beaumont Leys are urging anyone who was in the area during the early hours of Friday morning (24 May) to get in touch.

A 21-year-old man had just left The Keepers Lodge Pub in Fletcher Mall and was involved in an argument before he was punched in the head.

The victim sustained fractures to his skull and jaw, he may also have lost the hearing in one of his ears.

A 26-year-old Leicester man has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and has since been released on bail pending further enquiries.

The incident took place at around 12.45am and there were a number of people in the area who had just left the pub after last orders. There was a sporting event at the pub that evening and it was a particularly busy night.

Detective Constable Simon Clarke is investigating the incident, he said: "We know a number of people witnessed the assault and the circumstances leading up to it and we would like those people to contact us.

"Any information you can provide, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could help us move this investigation on.

"The victim has sustained some significant injuries which will, no doubt, leave a lasting effect on his future health and wellbeing. It's vitally important that the public help us piece together the exact circumstances of this nasty attack. If you can help we need to speak to you."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC 1613 Clarke on 101, quoting crime reference number 19*266579.
