```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A man who viciously assaulted his friend after a fallout over drugs has today (Monday 14 September) pleaded guilty to Section 20 wounding.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/09.-september/john-mcclean---soh-social-media.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who attacked his friend pleads guilty to Section 20 wounding
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-who-attacked-his-friend-pleads-guilty-to-section-20-wounding/
publish:
  date: 16:32 14/09/2020
title: Man who attacked his friend pleads guilty to Section 20 wounding | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-who-attacked-his-friend-pleads-guilty-to-section-20-wounding/
```

A man who viciously assaulted his friend after a fallout over drugs has today (Monday 14 September) pleaded guilty to Section 20 wounding.

John McLean, 38, of no fixed address, appeared at Leicester Crown Court and pleaded guilty to the serious assault, possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear violence and possession of an offensive weapon.

He was sentenced to three years and 10 months in prison. He was also issued with a restraining order prohibiting him from contacting the victim directly or indirectly for 10 years.

In March this year McLean informed the victim he was going to rob a local drugs supplier using a firearm he had acquired a few months previously.

He ordered the victim to come along with him where he barged into a house in Loughborough and threatened the occupant.

During the early hours of the following morning (14 March) McLean (pictured) demanded drugs from the victim and when he refused McLean stabbed the victim a number of times in the leg and head.

Detective Constable Clare Moore was the investigating officer, she said: "McLean has a history of drug abuse and over recent month was said to be more and more unpredictable and violent.

"On the night of the incident he launched a violent attack on the victim because he couldn't get drugs, the victim suffered multiple stab wounds and is extremely lucky to be alive. He has been left with scars for life as a result of the attack.

"I am pleased McLean has pleaded guilty to the offences and spared the victim the ordeal of giving evidence in court.

"We hope this result helps the victim recover from the mental trauma of the incident and put the events of that night behind him."
