```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: George Caboc, 52, pleaded guilty to the offence at Leicester Crown Court
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/12.-december/mr-makwebo-and-family---soh-social-media.jpg?crop=(1,0,571,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Lorry driver jailed after admitting causing death by dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/lorry-driver-jailed-after-admitting-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
publish:
  date: 17:21 16/12/2020
title: Lorry driver jailed after admitting causing death by dangerous driving | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/lorry-driver-jailed-after-admitting-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
```

A lorry driver has been jailed for 18 months after admitting causing the death of a man by dangerous driving following an incident on the M1 near Misterton last October.

George Caboc, 52, had been driving a heavy goods vehicle along the motorway on the morning of 4 October when he swerved into the hard shoulder near junction 20 southbound colliding into the victim 45-year-old Edson Makwebo.

Mr Makwebo had stopped his car and parked up as close to the hedgerow as possible to make a phone call at the time of the collision at 7.05am. He had the door of his car slightly ajar and his legs outside of the vehicle. The HGV collided with Mr Makwebo and with his silver BMW X3 vehicle.

Leicestershire Police and East Midlands Ambulance Service attended the scene. Mr Makwebo was pronounced dead at the scene. Mr Makwebo's friend was in the front seat of the car. He was not injured.

_**Mr Makwebo died in the collision. Mr Makwebo is pictured here with his children. The picture has been provided by Mr Makwebo's family.**_

Caboc, of Goresbrook Road, Dagenham, provided a roadside breath test and a drugs wipe test at the scene. Both tests were negative.

Enquiries carried out by the force's Serious Collision Investigation Unit found that external cameras on the HGV showed the lorry had swerved into the hard shoulder and back out again a total of 38 times between junction 21 and the scene of the incident. An internal camera in the vehicle had been covered.

Caboc was charged in relation to the incident and pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving at Leicester Crown Court on 25 November this year.

On Friday (11 December), at the same court, he was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment and also disqualified from driving for 27 months.

Detective Sergeant Paul Hawkins said: "Caboc's manner of driving was extremely dangerous leading up to the incident and then ultimately cost Mr Makwebo his life. His actions have now left a family without a loved one.

"My thoughts are with the family of Mr Makwebo at this time."
