```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Seventy-two-year-old Gary Dexter appeared at Leicester Crown Court, where he was sentenced to a total of two years.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former teacher jailed for sexual abuse more than 40 years ago
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/former-teacher-jailed-for-sexual-abuse-more-than-40-years-ago/
publish:
  date: 15:32 24/09/2020
title: Former teacher jailed for sexual abuse more than 40 years ago | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/former-teacher-jailed-for-sexual-abuse-more-than-40-years-ago/
```

A former teacher has today (Thursday 24 September) been jailed for inappropriately touching two pupils more than 40 years ago.

Seventy-two-year-old Gary Dexter appeared at Leicester Crown Court, where he was sentenced to a total of two years.

He was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register for 10 years.

On 27 August this year, he pleaded guilty to two counts of indecent assault and one count of indecency with a child.

The abuse happened between 1976 and 1978 - when the victims were aged 10 to 11 years old.

In 2018 one of the victims attended a school reunion, where Dexter's name was mentioned. She was told another former pupil - who had not attended the reunion - had previously said she was abused by Dexter at the school.

The victim then decided to make contact with the pupil on social media and revealed she too had been abused. Both victims then made a formal report to Leicestershire Police.

They said that Dexter, of Yarwell Mill, Yarwell, Peterborough had touched them both separately on occasions when they were alone with him.

Detective Constable Anna Blockley, from the non-recent team in Leicestershire Police's Child Abuse Investigation Unit (CAIU), was the officer in the case.

She said: "Dexter committed these crimes when he was in a position of trust - he was a teacher, looking after young children. But rather than look after them, he abused them for his own sexual gratification.

"For more than 40 years, both victims have lived their lives, having been victims of sexual abuse. They've shown courage and determination in reporting it to police and helping bring Dexter to justice."

 * There are a number of different agencies who are able to offer independent help and support to victims of sexual offences in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.
 * Further information on these services and details on who to contact if you have been a victim of a sexual offence can be found by visiting http://leics.police.uk
