```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The 180 mile cycle starts at force headquarters and finishes at the National Memorial Arboretum, Staffordshire.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cycle set to get underway as fallen officers are remembered
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/cycle-set-to-get-underway-as-fallen-officers-are-remembered/
publish:
  date: 10:10 19/07/2019
title: Cycle set to get underway as fallen officers are remembered | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/cycle-set-to-get-underway-as-fallen-officers-are-remembered/
```

The annual police unity UK cycle for fallen officers will get underway on Friday 26 July.

More than 30 officers, staff and family members will tackle the Midlands leg of the 180 miles cycle, starting at force headquarters and ending with a service of remembrance at the National Memorial Arboretum, Staffordshire.

The tour which lasts a total of three days raises money for the Care of Police Survivors (COPS) a UK charity founded in 1997 dedicated to helping the families of those who have lost their lives whilst on duty.

The Leicestershire Police officers, staff and family members taking part are:

**Name Riding for**

Katie

Coleman

Edwin Trump

Emma

Maxwell

John Palmer

Martin

Leeland

John Davidson

Sally

Porch

Tim Burton

Ryan

Coleman

Philip Eames

Tiffany

Lynch

Ian Wheelwright

Leanne

Marshall

John Newell

Christopher

Moore

Bryan Moore

Jim

Holyoak

Brian Hawkes

Cara

Guest-Moore

Stacey Pike

Robert

Nixon

Catherine Godfrey

Mark

Morris

Cyril Thoroughgood

Victoria

Moore

Bryan Moore

Jon

Carter-Lang

Andy Munn

Charlotte

Carter-Lang

David Lowe

Mick

Graham

Harold Prew

Alison

Guest-Moore

Brian Dawson

Sanjay

Chauhan

Anthony Thornley

Chris Moore, whose father, Bryan passed away whilst on duty in 2002, will be completing his fourth COPS unity cycle.

He said: "The three days are a real physical and emotional journey with peaks and troughs along the way.

"The first day (Friday) is really emotional. We have the service before we leave, it's a time for reflection and serves as a reminder for what you are about to do.

"The first ten miles or so on the bike is really surreal, then it dawns on you that you are on the bike for another five or six hours and that's when the support from the convoy team following you and the people you are riding with is so important.

"Everyone has a wristband with the name of the person they are riding in honour of. When things get a bit tough, you take a look at that. It puts things into perspective and really spur's you on.

"COPS has been an incredible support mechanism for me and my sister Vicky, who is also taking part in the ride. My Dad passed away in 2002 when Vicky and I were 11 and 13 respectively. At that age you have no understanding of how that will impact your life.

"Without COPS there would have been no one of a similar age to turn to, no one who really understands what you're going through.

"The charity helps to bring together people of a similar age who are in the same position. It is a platform to develop friendships and networks not just in the immediate moment, but also moving forward as it is never something you can just 'get over'.

Donate towards this fantastic cause - https://www.justgiving.com/companyteams/EastMids2019
