```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Talented detective scoops award for complex investigation
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Talented detective scoops award for complex investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/talented-detective-scoops-award-for-complex-investigation/
publish:
  date: 15:40 09/10/2019
title: Talented detective scoops award for complex investigation | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/talented-detective-scoops-award-for-complex-investigation/
```

"Exceptional dedication" and "immense determination", are just two of many glowing reviews attributed to Detective Constable Emma Bee at the annual Chief Constable Commendation Awards 2019.

"Exceptional dedication" and "immense determination", are just two of many glowing reviews attributed to Detective Constable Emma Bee at the annual Chief Constable Commendation Awards 2019.

The awards evening, which took place last week (Thursday 3 October) in Leicester, saw Detective Constable (DC), Emma Bee pick up the 'Investigator of the Year' award for her exceptional investigative skills and commitment to the job.

Having worked for Leicestershire Police for the last 20 years, Emma brings real value to every investigation she works on - one in particular Emma was proactively involved in for over four years, involving a serious stabbing where the victim sustained life-threatening injuries.

From the onset and due to the large number of persons involved, the investigation would be on a complex scale. What followed was nothing short of a truly exceptional investigation led by Emma.

The victim initially refused to cooperate with the investigation and had a negative view and mistrust of the police. Emma managed to establish a rapport and gain his trust and support. After the trial, he wanted to disassociate himself from anything related to the case, but with Emma's support, he has now gained the strength to talk of his experiences as a means of helping others.

Thanks to Emma's hard work, investigative ability and professionalism, the most notable convictions were against two defendants for attempted murder. Emma's contribution and determination in bringing these people before the courts was instrumental in the guilty verdicts being reached. An unduly lenient sentence for one defendant was also successfully granted at the Court of Appeal.

Detective Inspector, Mark Sinski, said: "DC Emma Bee is an exceptional detective and the evidence provided not only shows this, but also illustrates her ability to perform at a level well above her current rank - very few Detectives would have been able to cope with the relentless pressure of such a large scale investigation.

"She investigates incidents in the highest possible standards and never loses sight of the most important person - the victim. Winning this award is a real testament to the fantastic job that she has done, particularly over the last four years.

On winning the award, Emma, said: "I do this for one goal and that is getting justice for the victim of crimes I investigate.

"I am passionate about this and believe that this always drives my determination in any investigation. I am thrilled to receive this award, which makes all the hard work worthwhile."
