```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The cohort of 36 attended a special attestation ceremony on Wednesday evening at force headquarters
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest recruits sworn in
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/latest-recruits-sworn-in/
publish:
  date: 16:48 13/02/2020
title: Latest recruits sworn in | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/latest-recruits-sworn-in/
```

The force's latest recruits have been sworn in at a special ceremony at Leicestershire Police headquarters.

A cohort of 36 officers took their oaths in front of family and friends having already undergone several weeks of training as part of the Initial Police Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP).

The ceremony was overseen by magistrate Suzi Felstead JP, Chairman of the Leicestershire and Rutland Bench, alongside Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon and Police and Crime Commissioner, Lord Willy Bach.

Among the student officers receiving their warrant cards was Millie Barton, a former Emergency Medical Technician for East Midlands Ambulance Service, who is used to saving lives.

The 27-year-old was over the moon to join the force despite having a pacemaker fitted four years ago due to a heart condition.

She said: "Working closely with the police made me decide to join as I liked what I saw. The transition into the new role hasn't been too difficult as my skills are largely transferable."

Following additional medicals she found she met the force's fitness criteria and since then there's been no holding her back.

She added: "In the future I'd like to work within the road traffic team to increase awareness of road safety having treated so many people at the roadside following accidents."

Fellow student officer Patrick Conboy, 25, was equally as proud. Having spent a year in South Korea teaching English and several months in Nigeria as a volunteer, not to mention being in the Territorial Army, Patrick is no stranger to a challenge.

"Policing felt like a natural progression," he said.

"It's always going to be interesting and I wanted a job where every day would be different, where there are lots of avenues for progression.

"I love sport and I got to play rugby with the Nigerian Police Team while I was out there. I know there are lots of sporting opportunities I can be part of at Leicestershire Police so that's one thing I'll definitely be doing. It feels like one big team here and I like being part of that."

Shriya Mistry, 25, previously worked in the hospitality industry in local hotels. She said: "I have always wanted to become a police officer ever since I was a little girl.

"Growing up in Belgrave I used to see officers on the streets and go up and talk to them. I really want to help the community and give something back. I've worked with the public since I was 16 and seen crime at close hand. It's great that now I'll be able to help deal with those issues."

Ilona Flannigan, 26, worked in a jewellery store but was inspired to become a police officer by her sister.

"I have always thought about becoming a police officer especially having had several interactions with the police to act as an interpreter for my sister who is deaf. Part of the reason I wanted to become an officer is to help people in different communities, including the deaf community.

"I just can't wait to get out there and make a difference."

Deputy Chief Constable Rob Nixon said: "It is a really proud moment for all the officers involved and their friends and families.

"They each bring with them invaluable life experience and they will make a massive difference to people in our communities. People will always remember how a police officer deals with them."

Lord Willy Bach, Police and Crime Commissioner for Leicestershire said: "The pledge these new officers have made is hugely significant. They have placed themselves on the side of what is right and just and they have joined one of the best forces in the country. People will depend on them to keep them safe."

If you are interested in a career with us visit www.leics.police.uk/MakeADifference
