```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The event will be packed with vehicle crime prevention advice.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car key burglary and vehicle crime prevention event to be held in Ashby
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/car-key-burglary-and-vehicle-crime-prevention-event-to-be-held-in-ashby/
publish:
  date: 09:31 11/09/2019
title: Car key burglary and vehicle crime prevention event to be held in Ashby | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/car-key-burglary-and-vehicle-crime-prevention-event-to-be-held-in-ashby/
```

On Saturday 14 September, North West Leicestershire Police and Community Safety Partnership will be holding a vehicle crime prevention morning at Ashby de la Zouch's, Tesco Superstore.

The event will run between 10am-3pm and is aimed at raising awareness of car key burglaries and vehicle crime.

Car key burglaries are when a criminal breaks into your home, with the specific aim of removing your car keys and stealing your car. Perpetrators will target the owners of high-value vehicles and will study residential areas looking for opportunities to exploit security and steal car keys often by snapping door locks.

North-West Leicestershire Inspector, Richard Jackson, said:

"I'm pleased that we are able to bring what will be a day of useful crime prevention advice to Ashby de la Zouch.

"Throughout the day, there will be: a demonstration on how to prevent snap locking, which is the snapping of a lock cylinder helping to manipulate the door to open. We will be handing out home security and theft from van packs which are full of useful crime prevention advice.

"Like other areas of the country, over recent months North-West Leicestershire has experienced car key burglaries. We are not wanting to cause unnecessary concern, we are simply trying to advise the community on how they can help to prevent themselves from becoming a victim of this type of crime.

"General crime prevention advice that we consistently try to reinforce, includes:

 * Never leave your keys on display
 * Fit a high quality alarm & CCTV to cover your property
 * Always make sure the windows and doors to your house are locked. Consider upgrading the locks to your home to TS007 (three star) or Sold Secure Diamond Standard (SS312).
 * Familiarise yourself with your vehicles Immobiliser or tracking device, alternatively, use a device such as a visible steering or wheel lock
 * Always lock your vehicle no matter how quickly you think you will return
 * If you have tools or equipment in your vehicle remove them overnight. If this is not possible, fit secure storage inside your vehicle.
 * If you own more than one vehicle, park the lesser valued vehicle behind the more expensive one on the driveway, making it more difficult to remove.

"If you see any suspicious activity or have any information regarding this type of crime please let us know by calling 101 in a non-emergency or 999 in an emergency."
