```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Jigukumar Sorthi was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of Bhavini Pravin - he will serve a minimum of 28 years
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Life imprisonment for man who murdered estranged partner
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/life-imprisonment-for-man-who-murdered-estranged-partnern/
publish:
  date: 16:46 16/09/2020
title: Life imprisonment for man who murdered estranged partner | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/life-imprisonment-for-man-who-murdered-estranged-partnern/
```

A man who stabbed his estranged partner has been jailed for life.

Jigukumar Sorthi, 24, was sentenced to a minimum of 28 years imprisonment today (Wednesday 16 September) after being found guilty of murder following a trial at Leicester Crown Court last week.

Sorthi, of East Park Road, Leicester, stabbed Bhavini Pravin at her home address in Moores Road in Leicester.

At around 12.30pm on 2 March Sorthi went to the address to speak to Miss Pravin. Once inside they talked for a few minutes before Sorthi stabbed the victim multiple times and left the property minutes later.

Police and the East Midlands Ambulance Service were called to the address where Miss Pravin, 21, was sadly pronounced dead.

Less than two hours after the incident, Sorthi, approached an officer outside Spinney Hill police station and made admissions implicating himself in the stabbing of Miss Pravin.

A post-mortem examination was carried out and concluded Miss Pravin died as a result of multiple stab wounds.

**_Jigugumar Sorthi_**

Detective Inspector Kenny Henry from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit Major Crime team was the senior investigating officer. He said: "Bhavini was a young woman who had the rest of her life to look forward to. She was a gentle caring soul and came from a close and very private family.

"It is fair to say she was the apple of her parents' eyes.

"Losing Bhavini so early in life and in such tragic circumstances continues to take its toll on her parents and brothers - their lives have been changed forever.

"To have lost their beloved daughter to someone who they trusted to take care of her is something they will never recover from.

"Being present during the trial was understandably difficult for the family and I must commend their bravery, courage and dignity throughout.

"Nothing will bring Bhavini back but I can only hope that today's outcome will, in due course, be of some comfort knowing that the man who ended their daughter's life has been brought to justice."
