```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Christopher Sillah was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Thursday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Student jailed after admitting his involvement in the supply of drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/student-jailed-after-admitting-his-involvement-in-the-supply-of-drugs/
publish:
  date: 15:00 11/09/2020
title: Student jailed after admitting his involvement in the supply of drugs | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/student-jailed-after-admitting-his-involvement-in-the-supply-of-drugs/
```

A student has been jailed for four years after he admitted being involved in the supply of class A drugs.

Christopher Sillah, 24, was sentenced when he appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 10 September).

Sillah, of Prince Road, Dartford, Kent, pleaded guilty to six counts of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and three counts of possession of a knife blade/sharp-pointed article in a public place.

On 31 January 2019, a car being driven by Sillah was stopped by Police in Leicester's St Nicholas Circle after he had earlier been seen officers exchanging items with a group of people in the city.

When his car was searched, cash and two mobile phones were found. Sillah was arrested for being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

A subsequent search of his student flat in Leicester under Section 18 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE) led to investigating officers uncovering wraps of both heroin and cocaine.

Sillah was then stopped again while driving along Narborough Road in Leicester on 4 April this year. A search of his vehicle uncovered wraps of heroin and crack cocaine. More than £3,000 cash was also recovered, while searches of mobile phones found in his possession revealed messages linking him to the supply and sale of drugs.

As part of the ongoing investigation, officers executed a warrant at an address in Princess Road West, Leicester, on 1 May this year under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.

Sillah, who was found in bed at the address by police, was arrested after more than £700 in cash was recovered along with further bags containing wraps of crack cocaine and heroin.

On 9 June this year, police were called to Leicester city centre following a report of a man being seen with a knife. When officers attended, they identified Sillah and he was arrested at the scene and subsequently charged.

**_Christopher Sillah_**

PC Sam Burton, from the Central Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA) was the investigating officer. He said: "When Sillah was stopped on 31 January last year, he was a student studying in Leicester.

"He was undoubtedly using the money he made from drug dealing to fund a certain type of lifestyle. During our investigation, we found a large amount of cash and designer clothes.

"Sillah was found in possession of rambo-style knives and involved in violence around the city.

"The fact he has been jailed means that another person who was overseeing the supply of drugs across the city and beyond is off our streets.

"Under the guise of a student, Sillah managed a successful drugs line spanning the city.

"I hope the sentence given to him yesterday will serve as a warning to other young people of our crackdown against county lines gangs and the force's zero-tolerance approach to knife crime."
