```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Juniper Lodge, the sexual assault referral centre in Leicester, highlights help available as part of Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Awareness Week.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Juniper Lodge sexual assault referral centre: \u2018We are always here for you\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/Juniper-Lodge-sexual-assault-referral-centre-We-are-always-here-for-you/
publish:
  date: 18:00 06/02/2021
title: "Juniper Lodge sexual assault referral centre: \u2018We are always here for you\u2019 | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/Juniper-Lodge-sexual-assault-referral-centre-We-are-always-here-for-you/
```

"We are always here for you and we will continue to help anyone affected by sexual abuse - whoever you are".

This is the message from staff at Juniper Lodge, the sexual assault referral centre (SARC) in Leicester which provides help and support to adult victims of rape and sexual assault.

The service is available to anyone aged 18 or over who has been the victim of a rape or sexual assault either recently or in the past.

As part of Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Awareness Week this week, the team is highlighting this message and the work the centre does to encourage people to say #itsnotok and seek help where they can. The campaign aims to show that help is available to anyone - regardless of your age, gender, race or background.

Manager of the centre, Millie Gant said: "We have a team of specially trained and dedicated staff who understand what impact rape and sexual assault can have on people's lives. They will work with you to ensure you receive the best support and assistance available, at a pace you are comfortable with, this includes whether you report the offence to the police or not."

The SARC also offers access to emergency medication and contraception, referral to specialist agencies, one-to-one support sessions and access to an independent sexual violence advisor.

The centre also works with specialist organisations, including LGBT-focussed counselling and First Step, who support men.

And the work of the centre remains the same during the current Covid-19 lockdown.

Millie said: "Covid has been extremely challenging for everyone but we have still been here for those who need advice and support and we will continue to help anyone who has suffered abuse.

"Many people will have had more time at home in the last 12 months and have potentially been thinking more about things that happened in the past.

"If anyone has any concerns we are here for them and can provide comprehensive support."

She added: "Anyone who is feeling nervous or anxious about getting help need not worry. There is absolutely no pressure for anyone who gets in touch. We can talk through your situation and give you some options. There is absolutely no obligation to involve the police."

The centre has recently been extended with furniture for additional rooms donated by Dunelm, who worked with Kate Cawston of QB Designs, and used lived experience to inform the new layout, colours and themes.

Millie said: "We are very grateful to Dunelm for their support. These donations are making a real difference.

"We know how important it is to feel comfortable and safe and we receive lots of positive feedback from staff and people who use the centre."

One 35-year-old woman who sought help from Juniper Lodge last year said her visit had helped her during an extremely difficult time.

She said: "I was seen straight away and helped to get the right support. It has been a wake-up call for me and I feel really positive now that I can sort things out."

Another woman, aged 47, who also used the centre last year said: "I was so frightened about coming here but as soon as I came in I was at ease.

"I felt completely safe for the first time in a long, long time."

More information can be found at http://www.juniperlodge.org.uk/.
