```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Following a number of public order incidents which ended in a man being stabbed 13 times in Bede Park Leicester in 2015, 23 men were convicted at court for their parts in these incidents.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Twenty-three people convicted after disorder in Leicester park
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/violent-disorder-in-bede-park-results-in-23-convictions/
publish:
  date: 10:41 18/11/2020
title: Twenty-three people convicted after disorder in Leicester park | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/violent-disorder-in-bede-park-results-in-23-convictions/
```

Following a number of public order incidents which ended in a man being stabbed 13 times in Bede Park Leicester in 2015, 23 men were convicted at court for their parts in these incidents.

Criminal proceedings ended in April last year and restrictions preventing the reporting of the case remained in place until November this year, due to ongoing court proceedings involving appeals by three of the defendants in this case.

Now these restrictions have been lifted, we are in a position to publish details surrounding the incident and the significant amount of work that went into bringing the case to conclusion.

Around 4.30pm 30th April 2015, members of two rival groups were involved in a fight in a shopping centre in Shires Lanes, Leicester before they were separated by security. The two groups left the area but remained in phone contact over the next few hours.

Around 6pm, the two groups arranged to meet on Bede Park, however one of the groups did not arrive at the arranged meeting time, which led to threats being made by members of the group that had turned up to the park.

Later that evening around 7.30pm in Lower Brown Street, Leicester the two groups met again. CCTV captured the two groups engaging in a violent confrontation during which a large knife was seen to be passed upon members of the group. Witnesses in the street alerted the police who attended the scene causing the two groups to flee the area but did not deter them from continued phone contact to arrange further violence.

The two groups met for the final time that evening around 30 minutes later in Bede Park, Leicester with the intention to again take part in a pre-arranged fight.

On arrival at the park, one of the groups felt outnumbered and retreated but a small number of the retreating group made the decision to return to the park.

Once in the park they saw the opposing group, approximately 30 in number, with some in possession of weapons. The smaller group ran from the scene, however one of them, a 21-year-old man who had not been present during any of the precursor incidents, ran in the opposite direction to others in his group. The opposing group chased him further into the park and attacked him. As a result of the attack, he received 13 stab wounds. His injuries were life threatening and he only survived due to the medical treatment he received both at scene and hospital.

Detective Inspector David Greenhalgh said: "I appreciate it's some time since the incident itself, but I felt it was important to highlight what was an incredibly detailed and complex investigation. The meticulous level of detail employed by the investigation team is testament to their investigative mindset and tenacity to bring this case to a conclusion. There is no place for such violence on our streets. Leicestershire Police take knife crime and violent disorder extremely seriously and we are committed to investigating such incidents thoroughly and ensuring Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland are safe places to live"

Detective Constable Emma Bee who led the investigation said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of the witnesses who provided statements and gave evidence in the trials and all of the organisations that assisted the police investigation, by providing CCTV footage. I would like to make special mention of the victim in this case who despite suffering serious physical and psychological injuries had the strength of character to give evidence on two separate occasions across the trials"

In total 25 men were charged with offences relating to this investigation. Of these 10 pleaded guilty to public order offences, two stood trial and were found not guilty of all charges and 13 stood trial and were found guilty of offences ranging from jury interference through to attempted murder.

The most significant sentences were given to Liban Yaryare, 22, who was found guilty of attempted murder relating to the Bede Park assault, conspiracy to commit violent disorder in Bede Park, conspiracy to commit violent disorder in Lower Brown Street and violent disorder in Shires Lane. His total sentence after appeal across all convictions was 21 years and 6 months imprisonment.

Khalid Hassan, 24, was also found guilty of attempted murder relating to the Bede Park assault, conspiracy to commit violent disorder in Bede Park and conspiracy to commit violent disorder in Lower Brown Street. He was sentenced to 13 years in prison.
