```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: PC Mairead O&#39;Hara and PC Mitch Smith found Lola following information received by a member of the public
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Paw-fect reunion as officers help reunite stolen dog with owner
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/paw-fect-reunion-as-officers-help-reunite-stolen-dog-with-owner/
publish:
  date: 12:05 19/02/2020
title: Paw-fect reunion as officers help reunite stolen dog with owner | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/paw-fect-reunion-as-officers-help-reunite-stolen-dog-with-owner/
```

It was a paw-fect reunion yesterday (Tuesday) as officers helped reunite stolen dog Lola with her relieved owners.

The four-year-old miniature Dachshund had been reported stolen from her home in Stanton under Bardon on 29 January. Lola had given birth to puppies just weeks before being stolen.

Police enquiries had been ongoing during the past three weeks as Lola's owner Lauren Wright also made public appeals for information.

And yesterday, this finally led to the news Lauren had been hoping for as information provided by a member of the public led to PC Mairead O'Hara and PC Mitch Smith attending an address in Brooks Lane, Whitwick, where they found Lola.

_**PC Mairead O'Hara and PC Mitch Smith with Lola**_

From enquiries, it was reported that Lola had been dropped off at the property a few days earlier. Enquiries remain ongoing into where Lola had been prior to this.

The officers took Lola to the vets, and thanks to her microchip, she was quickly identified leading to the next stop being made at Lola's home - where there was an emotional reunion.

Lauren said: "Only a couple of days before I had been saying that I had given up hope. I didn't think I was going to see her again.

"When we realised Lola had been found, we were just all screaming and the kids were crying. It was joy and just utter shock

"When Lola came home and was reunited with her puppies, she was screaming and crying. That was Lola showing how happy she was. She just wants to be constantly near us now."

_**Lola was reunited with her puppies yesterday**_

Lauren added: "It's thanks to members of the public who helped provide information and contacted the police and then the officers helping to get Lola back. If we hadn't have had such a great team, we wouldn't have Lola back. Having her microchipped meant we could then easily identify Lola as mine."

PC O'Hara said: "Acting on the information received and then realising we had found Lola was fantastic. It was wonderful to finally be able to reunite Lola with her owner. Our thanks go to members of the public who worked with us providing information helping us reach this happy ending.

_**Lola before she was reported stolen**_

There are concerns regarding Lola's weight since she has been found and Lauren said lots of care and "TLC" was being provided to get Lola back to good health. She added: "She's still Lola though. We're so happy to have her back."

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing into the report of the theft.
