```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: With circumstances constantly changing, traffic on the roads continues to increase - and officers are reminding people to remember basic vehicle and driver safety.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drivers reminded to ensure their safety as lockdown restrictions continue to ease
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/drivers-asked-to-ensure-their-safety-as-lockdown-restrictions-continue-to-ease/
publish:
  date: 13:44 12/06/2020
title: Drivers reminded to ensure their safety as lockdown restrictions continue to ease | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/drivers-asked-to-ensure-their-safety-as-lockdown-restrictions-continue-to-ease/
```

As lockdown restrictions ease, officers are continuing to ask drivers to ensure they are keeping themselves safe when back out on the roads.

With circumstances constantly changing, traffic on the roads continues to increase - with many people back out driving after not using their vehicle for a number of weeks and officers are reminding those doing so to remember basic vehicle and driver safety.

Detective Inspector Helen Fletcher works in the force's Serious Collision Investigation Unit.

She said: "Even when roads were quieter, sadly we still had fatal and serious collisions occurring on our roads. These are tragic circumstances for everyone involved and something we continually work to try and prevent. As restrictions ease and more people are getting back out on the roads, we want to use this time to remind people of basic vehicle and driver safety.

"The majority of drivers do drive safely and I thank you for this but I know it can feel strange at times driving after not using a vehicle for a period of time. Please therefore check your vehicle before you drive, including its tyre pressures, take your time when getting back out in your vehicle, stay observant, stay within the speed limits and look after yourselves and others on the road - whether you are driving a lorry, van or car or if you are a motorcyclist or cyclist or pedestrian.

"Remember that the most common causes of collisions are inappropriate speed, using a phone whilst driving, not wearing a seatbelt and drink/drug driving.

"Officers will continue to be out and about on the roads ensuring drivers are using their vehicles in a safe, legal and responsible way. Please continue to work with us and together we can keep our roads as safe as possible for everyone involved."
