```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Special Constable Kimberley Pulley beat off stiff competition from full time officers to be named a runner-up in the national British Association of Women in Policing awards
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special named &#39;Officer of the Year&#39; runner-up
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/special-named-officer-of-the-year-runner-up/
publish:
  date: 14:30 14/07/2020
title: Special named &#39;Officer of the Year&#39; runner-up | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/special-named-officer-of-the-year-runner-up/
```

As part of the frontline policing family, Kimberly Pulley is no stranger to dealing with dangerous and emergency situations.

She's saved someone from a trapped car moments before it was hit by a train, stopped a teenage boy from attempting to take his own life and run towards many conflicts, one of which ended with her sustaining several broken ribs.

But for Kimberly and 188 others who help to protect communities in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland, they do it without being paid, giving up their spare time on a completely voluntary basis to work as a special officer.

The contribution specials make to the Leicestershire Police family is vital. During Operation Formidable - the force's mobilisation of special constables to assist regular colleagues during the Covid-19 lockdown, 76 specials completed more than 8,800 hours of deployment in a seven week period.

Kimberly has been a special constable for six years - giving up her free time because she "loves to help people".

She is so highly regarded in the team she polices with in Melton she was recently named runner-up in the 'Officer of the Year' category of the British Association of Women in Policing awards after being nominated by her sergeant.

She was one of three Leicestershire officers chosen in the category - with fellow officers PC Louise Kay also scooping a runner-up place and DC Anna Blockley winning the award.

Beating off stiff competition to be named alongside her fellow full time officers, Kimberly's recognition was for her "depth of experience and high standard of professionalism and dedication that is on par with her regular colleagues."

She's also been recognised by the force - being named last year as Special Police Constable of the Year.

Since joining as a special in August 2014, Kimberly's given up more than 1,500 hours to policing - often working weekends and during peak periods, such as Christmas, to provide extra support to the team.

She does this alongside a full time job as a self-employed personal assistant - providing care and support to the elderly and adults and children with disabilities.

The skills she uses in this role are of huge benefit to her policing work, which often involves helping to protect some of the most vulnerable people in communities.

Kimberly said: "I've always loved helping people so volunteering as a special seemed like the perfect opportunity. Every time I go out on shift I come into contact with people from all walks of life, often helping them when they are in difficult or desperate situations. The job is so rewarding and I am very fortunate to work with such an amazing team of officers."

And if these two jobs weren't enough, Kimberlyy has recently taken on another rewarding job. In March of this year she became a mum to a baby boy named Alexander.

For more information about volunteering, visit https://www.leics.police.uk/couldyou
