```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A man who committed offences in Leicester including stealing money from an elderly woman has been jailed
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for Leicester offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/man-jailed-for-leicester-offences/
publish:
  date: 15:48 11/08/2020
title: Man jailed for Leicester offences | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/man-jailed-for-leicester-offences/
```

A prolific offender who stole money from an elderly woman on a mobility scooter has been has been jailed.

Martin King, 36, appeared at Leicester Crown Court today (Tuesday 11 August) where he was sentenced to 16 months imprisonment. He was disqualified from driving for 12 months and given an endorsement on his licence.

King, of HMP Nottingham, pleaded guilty to a charge of theft from person, one count of burglary dwelling, one count of theft from stores and possession of class B drugs at Leicester Magistrates' Court in June.

He also admitted driving without a licence and without insurance.

On Sunday 17 May King was captured on CCTV approaching a woman on a mobility scooter as she was withdrawing cash from an ATM in Humberstone Gate in the city. The camera caught him circling his victim before he was seen snatching her purse.

Days later on Monday 25 May he entered a supermarket in Granby Street where he stole meat and a quantity of alcohol.

At around 6am on Monday 8 June King broke into an address in Little Dale Road in Wigston. Once inside he stole car keys and left the scene in a Volkswagen Golf parked outside. As a result of enquiries carried out officers discovered CCTV which captured King parking the car in the city centre.

On Thursday 12 June King was spotted by officers on patrol in Belgrave Road. He fled but was located nearby and arrested.

PC Michelle Briggs was the investigating officer. She said: "King was a prolific offender who thought nothing of the impact his offending would have on his victims.

"Today's sentencing should serve as a warning to others intent on carrying out similar offences that we will investigate reports thoroughly and prosecute those committing crime in our communities."
