```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Oliver Le Butt Seal and Kyle Slaney are due to be sentenced in November
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serial burglars admit offences across Leicestershire
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/serial-burglars-admit-offences-across-leicestershire/
publish:
  date: 11:26 30/08/2019
title: Serial burglars admit offences across Leicestershire | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/serial-burglars-admit-offences-across-leicestershire/
```

Two serial burglars have admitted a number of offences across Leicestershire - some of which included stolen vehicles being driven into properties.

Oliver Le Butt Seal and Kyle Slaney pleaded guilty to burglaries, among other charges, which were committed across the county between April and June this year.

The offences were committed at people's homes as well as business premises with vehicles, electricals, cash and jewellery among the items stolen.

Le Butt Seal, 29, of Lobbs Wood Court, Leicester, pleaded guilty to seven counts of burglary, one count of theft, one count of criminal damage and one count of driving while disqualified when he appeared at Leicester Crown Court earlier this month.

Slaney, 34, of Barnes Heath Road, Leicester, admitted four counts of burglary and one count of theft at a hearing at the same court yesterday (Thurs).

They have both been remanded in custody and are due to be sentenced on 11 November.

Investigative work including recovery of vehicles, extensive CCTV trawls and the defendants being identified by officers led to the pair being arrested and charged in June this year.

The burglary charges which both defendants pleaded guilty to are:

 * At a property in Gartree Road, Great Stretton, on 3 June. A van was used to drive through a hedgerow at this property. A car, electricals and jewellery were stolen
 * At a property in the area of Chestnut Drive, Great Glen, on 3 June. Tools, electricals and a CCTV hard drive were stolen.
 * At a premises in London Road, Oadby, on 20 June. Electricals, a till and cash were stolen.

In addition Le Butt Seal pleaded guilty to:

 * Burglary at a premises in Navigation Street, Leicester, on 19 April.
 * Theft of a van from the above premises
 * Burglary at a premises in Lewisher Road, Leicester, on 6 June. A van was used to ram shutters at the premises and a fork lift truck used to place stock items of food into the van. A safe was also stolen. The van was later found abandoned in Shady Lane, Leicester, with the stock items in the van.
 * Burglary at a premises in Front Street, Birstall, on 14 June. Money was among the items stolen.
 * Burglary at a premises in Wanlip Road, Syston, on 15 June. Cigarettes, money and lottery tickets were stolen.
 * Driving a motor vehicle while disqualified in Lobbs Wood Close, Leicester, on 3 June
 * Criminal damage of a ceiling at a property in Illingworth Road, Leicester, on 21 June.

In addition Slaney pleaded guilty to:

 * Burglary at a property in Cordery Road, Leicester, on 1 June. A television and personal belongings were stolen
 * Theft from a motor vehicle on 30 May. Cash and bank cards were stolen.

Detective Constable Damian Young said: "Le Butt Seal and Slaney had no regard for anyone as they committed these offences and were only concerned about what they could gain and evading the police. Their acts caused sadness and stress for many residents and workers across the county as well as others in the communities affected. I thank these residents and workers for their co-operation with us throughout this investigation.

"Proving these offences and getting charges authorised in relation to Le Butt Seal and Slaney has involved a lot of hard work, dedication and thorough investigative work from across the whole team. It is as a result of this that Le Butt Seal and Slaney have now been forced to admit their crimes and face the consequences."
