```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Oliver Le Butt Seal, Kyle Slaney and Ashley Hancock were all sentenced today
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglars jailed for total of 13 years following multiple offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/burglars-jailed-for-total-of-13-years-following-multiple-offences/
publish:
  date: 12:46 14/11/2019
title: Burglars jailed for total of 13 years following multiple offences | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/burglars-jailed-for-total-of-13-years-following-multiple-offences/
```

Police investigative work including recovery of vehicles and extensive CCTV trawls has led to three burglars being jailed for a total of more than 13 years.

Oliver Le Butt Seal, Kyle Slaney and Ashley Hancock each pleaded guilty to different offences which were committed across the county between April and June this year.

Their crimes, which were committed at people's homes as well as business premises, involved vehicles, electricals, cash and jewellery being stolen.

In some of the offences which were committed by Le Butt Seal and Slaney, stolen vehicles were driven into properties.

But following extensive enquiries, Le Butt Seal, Slaney and Hancock were identified as being involved. Arrests and charges were made.

Today (Thursday), at Leicester Crown Court, Le Butt Seal was jailed for five years and three months. The 29-year-old, of Lobbs Wood Court, Leicester, had pleaded guilty to seven counts of burglary in addition to one count of theft, one count of criminal damage and one count of driving while disqualified. On his release, Le Butt Seal will also be subject to a serious crime prevention order for a further five years.

Slaney was jailed for five years and three months. The 34-year-old, of Barnes Heath Road, Leicester, had admitted four counts of burglary and one count of theft. On his release, Slaney will also be subject to a serious crime prevention order for a further five years.

Hancock was jailed for three years and four months. The 28-year-old of no fixed address, had pleaded guilty to two counts of burglary.

The burglaries which both Le Butt Seal and Slaney both pleaded guilty to were:

 * At a property in Gartree Road, Great Stretton, on 3 June. A van was used to drive through a hedgerow at this property. A car, electricals and jewellery were stolen
 * At a property in the area of Chestnut Drive, Great Glen, on 3 June. Tools, electricals and a CCTV hard drive were stolen.
 * At a premises in London Road, Oadby, on 20 June. Electricals, a till and cash were stolen.

In addition Le Butt Seal pleaded guilty to:

 * Burglary at a premises in Navigation Street, Leicester, on 19 April.
 * Theft of a van from the above premises
 * Burglary at a premises in Lewisher Road, Leicester, on 6 June. A van was used to ram shutters at the premises and a fork lift truck used to place stock items of food into the van. A safe was also stolen. The van was later found abandoned in Shady Lane, Leicester, with the stock items in the van.
 * Burglary at a premises in Front Street, Birstall, on 14 June. Money was among the items stolen.
 * Burglary at a premises in Wanlip Road, Syston, on 15 June. Cigarettes, money and lottery tickets were stolen.
 * Driving a motor vehicle while disqualified in Lobbs Wood Close, Leicester, on 3 June
 * Criminal damage of a ceiling at a property in Illingworth Road, Leicester, on 21 June.

Oliver Le Butt Seal committing a burglary in Wanlip

In addition Slaney pleaded guilty to:

 * Burglary at a property in Cordery Road, Leicester, on 1 June. A television and personal belongings were stolen
 * Theft from a motor vehicle on 30 May. Cash and bank cards were stolen.

Hancock pleaded guilty to the burglary at a property in Cordery Road on 1 June and to the burglary at a premises in Front Street, Birstall, on 14 June.

Detective Constable Damian Young said: "The defendants had no regard for anyone as they committed these offences and were only concerned about what they could gain and evading the police. Their acts caused sadness and stress for many residents and workers across the county as well as others in the communities affected. I thank these residents and workers for their co-operation with us throughout this investigation as we remained determined to find those responsible.

"Proving these offences and getting charges authorised has involved a lot of hard work, dedication and thorough investigative work from across the whole team but it was as a result of this that Le Butt Seal, Slaney and Hancock were forced to admit their crimes and must now face the consequences."
