```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: More than 1,200 licensed premises have also been visited
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police deal with over 16,000 reports of Covid breaches
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-deal-with-over-16000-reports-of-breaches-since-beginning/
publish:
  date: 10:55 20/11/2020
title: Police deal with over 16,000 reports of Covid breaches | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/police-deal-with-over-16000-reports-of-breaches-since-beginning/
```

Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland have faced challenging times during the Covid pandemic, however, Leicestershire Police has continued to work tirelessly to help keep the public safe dealing with over 16,000 reports of breaches.

In addition to this since government restrictions came into being in March the force has issued fines to 589 people.

17 officers have been assaulted in Covid-related incidents involving spitting or coughing.

1244 licensed premises have been visited with partners.

While the force continues its work to engage, explain and encourage in relation to the guidelines, enforcement action is being taken when guidelines are not being followed and advice is not being taken.

A number of people have attracted the higher fine of £10,000 for the offence of organising or facilitating an organised gathering under the Health Protection Regulations.

New breaches are listed as below:

 * 25 Oct - Person from Charles Street, Leicester, holding a party at premises for more than 30 people
 * 31 Oct - Person from London fined for holding a party at premise for more than 30 people

The value of the fine is dependent on a number of factors including when the fine is paid and the number of offences committed - but can be up to £10,000.

Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "I am very proud of the work that your local force has continued to do, we work hard, putting ourselves at risk in order to keep others safe. We have also continued with our day to day policing, preventing crime and dealing with offenders all across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

"I am very aware that the vast majority of people are obeying the rules and I am sure we are all finding the lockdown tough and the length of time we have been under restrictions is tiring.

"How many times do we remind people that taking these risks not only could result in a substantial fine but that they are putting other people's lives and livelihoods at risk?

"We continue to work closely with health, local councils and other agencies who are also working really hard to ensure people understand what this pandemic means and how to protect ourselves.

"We continue to engage with the public, explain the need to follow the regulations and encourage people to do so however, we will take enforcement action where and when it is required."

For more information on the current guidelines, visit www.gov.uk
