```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force is extremely sad to announce the death of one of our colleagues Detective Constable Steve Ford
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes paid to Leicestershire Police officer
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/tributes-paid-to-leicestershire-police-officer/
publish:
  date: 18:42 03/04/2020
title: Tributes paid to Leicestershire Police officer | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/tributes-paid-to-leicestershire-police-officer/
```

Leicestershire Police is extremely sad to announce the death of one of our colleagues.

Detective Constable Steve Ford died on Thursday (2 April) at Leicester General Hospital after being admitted to hospital a few days before.

The cause of his death has not yet been confirmed. It is not known yet if COVID-19 was a contributing factor to DC Ford's death.

DC Ford, 58, worked at Wigston within the modern slavery investigation team.

Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "This is extremely sad and tragic news for Leicestershire Police and the policing family and our thoughts and condolences are with Steve's family and friends at this devastating time.

"Steve was a talented officer who lived by the values we hold so tightly in this Force. It is a loss and a shock to us all. We are in touch with Steve's family to provide any support we can at this impossible time.

"Welfare and support is also being provided to Steve's colleagues within force. We will continue to honour Steve through our determination and service to protect others from harm."

Chair of Leicestershire Police Federation, Dave Stokes said: "The thoughts of all Leicestershire Police officers and the police family across the UK are with Steve's wife and children, his family, friends and close colleagues at this awful time.

 "Steve was a real dedicated family man. He had been a police officer for more than 20 years and was a tenacious, career detective who was renowned for never letting a case go. He just wouldn't stop and was always truly determined to achieve justice for victims.

"His colleagues and I are completely devastated by the news. Steve was just a really, really popular police officer - no one would have ever had a bad word to say about him."

"Leicestershire Police Federation will be there to support our colleagues who will be mourning this terrible news - whilst having to carry on policing at this unprecedented time. And we will also of course be supporting Steve's wife and children as best we can. We kindly ask that their privacy is respected."

The family of DC Ford has asked that their need for privacy is respected at this time.
