```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Plans are in place ahead of the last weekend before Christmas
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police patrols across Leicestershire as festive fun continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/police-patrols-across-leicestershire-as-festive-fun-continues/
publish:
  date: 16:39 20/12/2019
title: Police patrols across Leicestershire as festive fun continues | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/police-patrols-across-leicestershire-as-festive-fun-continues/
```

Have fun and enjoy yourself this weekend - but please don't give yourself anything more than a Christmas hangover.

That's the continuing message from Leicestershire Police ahead of the last weekend before Christmas as the festive celebrations continue.

High visibility police patrols will continue to be carried out in Leicester city centre and throughout the county over the weekend and in the lead up to Christmas to help keep people safe.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki talks about policing plans for the weekend ahead

The POLAMB, a vehicle which is staffed by a police officer and paramedic from East Midlands Ambulance, will also be based in the city centre over the weekend as well as on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve allowing a quicker and more effective response to incidents. It will be in the city centre from 10pm until 7am during the weekend as well as on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve.

Social media messages encouraging safe and responsible drinking on nights out, which have been posted throughout this month, will also continue across the weekend. Posters with the same message have also been distributed across the area including in pubs and clubs.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki said: "We very much want people to enjoy the festive celebrations in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland during the Christmas period but we also want you to keep safe and ask that you ensure that you drink and act responsibly.

"Our message throughout this month has been to make sure you don't give yourself anything more than just a hangover. Don't let one split second loss of judgement on your night out ruin the rest of your life.

"We have been planning in force our high visibility patrols, our proactive policing and our response to potential incidents ahead of what are some of the busiest nights of the year for us. We will be out and about and we will be there to help you, to keep you safe and to respond quickly and effectively to reports and incidents when we are required.

"My thanks do go to all our officers and staff who are working over the festive period giving up time with their own family and friends to look after our local communities. Please help our workforce as we work to help you over this festive season.

"Finally, may I wish you all a very happy, enjoyable and safe Christmas and best wishes for 2020."
