```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Four men will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on 21 May
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Group plead guilty to Hinckley armed robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/group-plead-guilty-to-hinckley-armed-robbery/
publish:
  date: 13:36 24/04/2019
title: Group plead guilty to Hinckley armed robbery | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/group-plead-guilty-to-hinckley-armed-robbery/
```

Four men have today (Wednesday 24 April) admitted robbing a Hinckley jewellers at gunpoint.

The group appeared at Leicester Crown Court, where they all pleaded guilty to one count of robbery, committed at a business in Market Place on 25 January. They are:

 * Aiden Rudock, 18, of Gloster Road, Lutterworth
 * Grant Samuel, 22, of no fixed address
 * Orrin Stevenson, 24, of Trent Road, Hinckley
 * Timothy Wardrop, 22, of no fixed address

Stevenson also pleaded guilty to possession of an imitation firearm.

Shortly before 11am, the men went into the jewellers dressed in dark clothing, wearing balaclavas and armed with two machetes and what was believed to be a double-barrelled shotgun. They threatened two members of staff before making off with jewellery worth between £70,000 and £80,000.

The double-barrelled shotgun has not been recovered.

They left the scene in a BMW X5, of which witnesses had noted the registration number. A short time later, it was reported that a car matching the description given had crashed close to Coton Lane in Market Bosworth and that four men had made off on foot. Armed officers were deployed and Rudock and Samuel were arrested nearby. A short time later, Stevenson and Wardrop were arrested at an address in Pipistrelle Drive, Market Bosworth.

Detective Constable Jack Thomas, the investigating officer, said: "This was a planned and coordinated robbery in which the four men thought they could try and make a quick financial gain and make off without being caught.

"But, thanks to staff and members of the public who were nearby - as well as our armed officers - the men were arrested within an hour of committing their crime.

"They have at least now admitted what they've done rather than choose to go to trial and are likely to receive significant custodial sentences."

They will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on 21 May.
