```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Work across the force included image and CCTV analysis, scene enquiries and phone tracking
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rape conviction following team investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/rape-conviction-following-team-investigation/
publish:
  date: 09:48 25/09/2019
title: Rape conviction following team investigation | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/rape-conviction-following-team-investigation/
```

Image and CCTV analysis, scene enquiries and phone tracking was among some of the work which led to a man being convicted of rape.

Detective Constable Richard Wilson was the officer in the case, leading the investigation that resulted in the conviction of Gurpal Singh Gill following an incident in Watermead Park on 23 May this year.

Gill was sentenced to 11 years and three months imprisonment last Friday (20 September) after previously pleading guilty to three counts of rape and three counts of assault by penetration.

DC Wilson said: "From the moment an incident is reported and an investigation is launched our main concerns are to ensure the victim is safe and supported, to identify the scene of the incident, to gather evidence and to establish who the suspect is."

At the time of the incident, the victim managed to make contact with the police leading to the location of the call being found, her being identified and support provided, and the scene being identified.

DC Wilson said: "From speaking with the victim, she had also managed to obtain some images from the scene and a phone number for the suspect. This along with the emergency call made helped us immensely as we looked at our lines of enquiry.

"We instantly carried out work on the phone number obtained. Searches were also carried out at the scene and CCTV enquiries at the park and in the surrounding area.

"We ensured to keep in contact with the victim ourselves and through the Juniper Lodge Sexual Assault Referral Centre to ensure she was fully supported while gaining information from her to further assist our investigation."

An appeal was also made to the public for information while neighbourhood officers continued to carry out patrols in the area to gather any further information while also providing reassurance to the community.

From the enquiries carried out, Gill was quickly identified as a suspect and a number of arrest attempts were made. This led to Gill approaching the Met Police in London four days after the incident.

Gill was interviewed by Leicestershire officers where he initially denied the offence stating sexual activity had been consensual. But from the evidence gathered by the officers working with the victim, Gill admitted the offence when he appeared at court.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Kenyon was the Senior Investigating Officer in the case.

He said: "We were determined to prove this case and get justice for the victim. The case involved numerous hours of team work across the whole force from operators in the control room, response officers at the scene, staff at Juniper Lodge and the investigative team.

"I am pleased that this work had a successful result. The victim suffered a horrendous ordeal but her bravery and co-operation with us meant we were able to gather the evidence needed to prove this case at court. I hope this now helps her in some small way as she moves on from this.

"I would encourage anyone who has been the victim of a rape or sexual assault to report it to police. We will support you, we will do everything we can to investigate your case and we will work to get justice for you."
