```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Constandinos Kouroushi and Matthew Noble both pleaded guilty to the offence
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two sentenced following burglary at Glenfield salon
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/two-sentenced-following-burglary-at-glenfield-salon/
publish:
  date: 11:49 21/01/2020
title: Two sentenced following burglary at Glenfield salon | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/two-sentenced-following-burglary-at-glenfield-salon/
```

Two men have been sentenced after admitting burglary at a salon in Glenfield, Leicester.

Constandinos Kouroushi, 50, of Highfield Road, Groby, Leicester, and Matthew Noble, 44, of New Fields Square, Leicester, both pleaded guilty to the offence at hearings held at Leicester Magistrates Court.

The charge relates to a burglary committed at White's Hair and Beauty salon on 30 June 2018.

Noble pleaded guilty to the burglary at a hearing last week. He was sentenced to 26 weeks imprisonment, suspended for 12 months. Noble was also given a curfew for three months, from 7pm until 7am. He was also ordered to pay compensation of £500.

Kouroushi pleaded guilty to the offence at a hearing in December where he also pleaded guilty to two counts of theft from a shop in relation to separate incidents committed in June and July 2018.

He was sentenced to 26 weeks imprisonment suspended for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay compensation of £1047.62 and costs of £85.

An alarm at the salon in Station Road, Glenfield, had been activated following the break-in which happened during the early hours of the morning.

A window was found smashed at the property and shampoo and hair beauty products had been taken.

CCTV footage provided to police showed a glass window being smashed at the premises by a man, later identified as Kouroushi. He was then seen to enter the salon and take the products from inside.

A black Vauxhall car, driven by a man who was later identified as Noble, was then seen to pull up outside the building. Noble was seen to get out of the car and look in through the smashed window of the salon before then getting back into the vehicle. Kouroushi was then also seen to get into the vehicle before it was driven off.

Forensic officers attended the scene and a swab of blood staining was taken from a wall of the premises which matched to the defendant Kouroushi.

Work carried out on the vehicle and CCTV led to Noble being identified as the driver.

Beauty products stolen from the salon were valued at £179.65. The total value of the stolen property and damage to the premises was valued at more than £1,000.

The additional charges of theft from a shop which Kouroushi also admitted relate to offences committed at a B&Q store in Leicester.

One count relates to two drills, valued at £360, being stolen at around 2pm on 30 June 2018. Kouroushi made no attempt to pay for the items before leaving the store.

The second count relates to a theft committed at the same store at around 6.50pm on 16 July 2018. Kouroushi again entered the store and stole various tools to the value of £321\. He attempted to leave the store when he was stopped by a security guard.
