```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: We are looking for those who have a degree or are about to graduate with one to join us.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The force is looking to recruit new officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/the-force-is-looking-for-new-officers/
publish:
  date: 09:20 18/05/2020
title: The force is looking to recruit new officers | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/the-force-is-looking-for-new-officers/
```

Are you considering the next steps in your career or looking for a change?

Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit new officers and would like to hear from those who already have a degree or are about to graduate.

As a graduate you may also be interested in our fast-track scheme towards becoming an inspector within two years once an initial probation period has passed.

This means managing one of the local Neighbourhood Policing Areas or force control room managing resources and incidents.

Alternatively, you might choose to move into one of the multitude of other roles, from firearms to detective working in serious crime investigation to counter terrorism and the dog section - there are so many different paths to take depending on where you want to be.

The two year Graduate Entry Programme known as DHEP means candidates learn on the job with some academic and coursework based training delivered in conjunction with De Montfort University (DMU).

Those who are successful receive a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice (PPPD) from DMU - the awarding body.

Sergeant Yusuf Nagdi has been with the force for 15 years and has a degree in in Law and Psychology as well as a Post Graduate Certificate in Law and is currently a recruitment officer.

He has worked in various front line roles throughout the years and said: "I love what I do and I love the amount of variety it gives me. I've had the opportunity to do so many different roles within the force and learn new skills while doing so.

"Joining the police is like joining one big family. We're all part of the same team working together to keep people safe and for that reason and many others it's hugely rewarding.

"These are uncertain times for many people who will be thinking of their next steps, whether that's what to do as university comes to an end or a change in career. This is an opportunity to find out more about policing and if it would suit you."

Sergeant Nagdi will be available to talk to live on Leicestershire Police Facebook as part of a Q&A on Thursday, 21 May at 2.30pm.

A serious of webinars will also take place throughout May and June to give people the opportunity to ask further questions. Dates and times will be available on the force website in due course.

Eve Marshall is a student officer with a BA (Hons) degree in Sports Development. She said the training and support she had received so far from the force was "excellent".

"I always wanted to be a police officer and was looking for a life-long rewarding career that I could progress up the ladder with.

"I'm hardworking and always up for a challenge, I believe you get out what you put in and I intend to bring a lot to the force," she added.

The PEQF (Policing Education Qualifications Framework) is a new, professional framework for the training of police officers and staff.

New national recruitment guidelines set by the framework state that officers must be educated to degree level because of the growing demands of the role, complex decision making and unpredictable environment they work in.

The closing date for applications to the graduate programme is 6 July. New recruits would start their training in early to mid 2021.

To apply and for more information about policing and other available roles within the force, visit our website.
