```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: He received his award at the Chief Constable&#39;s commendations
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PC Joe Lloyd scoops Beat Bobby of the Year
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/pc-joe-lloyd-scoops-beat-bobby-of-the-year/
publish:
  date: 08:00 05/10/2019
title: PC Joe Lloyd scoops Beat Bobby of the Year | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/pc-joe-lloyd-scoops-beat-bobby-of-the-year/
```

The neighbourhood officer for Oakham and Barleythorpe in Rutland has been named Beat Bobby of the Year for 2019.

PC Joe Lloyd, who has been beat officer for nine years, has a very high profile through his twitter account @Oakhampolice and his presence at many events across the town. He was nominated for the award, which is sponsored by the Leicester Mercury, by many people from school teachers to army veterans and community members.

One member of the public said: "Joe is a credit to Leicestershire Police and a true asset to Rutland. Thank you for all you do Joe."

Another described him as: "a proper local bobby. Just what every community needs."

Over the last year Joe has worked closely with the Oakham Armed Forces Breakfast Club, a monthly support group for ex and serving military members. Not only has he offered them his support during meetings, he makes sure he is always available to them on the other end of the phone.

Previously the veterans (who make up 14% of Rutland's population) had felt they were a hidden community but have now reported that they feel much more involved with what is going on locally and feel far less isolated. Joe himself is a veteran serving in the army for seven years.

Joe has also helped Rutland Community Venture write a lottery bid to raise money for other ex-military communities to provide better support for their fellow veterans.

He works hard to evaluate and solve problems within his beat. He created a clear strategy to tackle cannabis use in public spaces working with partners; developing an effective patrol strategy and carrying out more than thirty stop searches. Through intelligence he secured a warrant to search a premises in Oakham which was cultivating cannabis.

Sergeant Darren Richardson who nominated PC Lloyd said: "Joe makes a very difficult job look very easy. He is an all-round officer who is dedicated to providing an excellent standard of policing to all of the communities he serves."

Upon receiving the award Joe said: "I am honoured to be nominated for this award, let alone win. But, it's not just me - I'm part of a team. This win is for everyone I am privileged to work with.

"I'll continue to work hard for the people of Rutland, military personnel, their families, and veterans."
