```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Family, friends, colleagues and neighbours can all look out for signs which may cause concern
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Look out for the signs of domestic abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/look-out-for-the-signs-of-domestic-abuse/
publish:
  date: 12:29 21/05/2020
title: Look out for the signs of domestic abuse | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/look-out-for-the-signs-of-domestic-abuse/
```

While lockdown restrictions have altered, government guidelines still mean an unpreceded amount of time at home for many.

And home, unfortunately, isn't always a safe place to be.

Leicestershire Police has continued its working with partner agencies to raise awareness of domestic abuse and the help and support which is available to those who may be currently suffering at home.

And as part of this, we are also calling on people to look out for their family, friends, neighbours and colleagues for any signs which may cause you concern.

A leaflet and booklet has been produced locally to advise on what to look out for in relation to domestic abuse, what you can do to help in the situation and the support which is available in the local area. The leaflet and booklet are available for downloading below

 * UAVA Leaflet
 * UAVA Friends & Family Booklet

Warning signs, as mentioned in the leaflet and booklet, to look out for include:

 * you witness or hear about the suspected abuser saying or doing things that belittle the person
 * the person withdraws, seeing less of you and of other people they know
 * when you see the person, they are sometimes quieter than normal. If the suspected abuser is there, the person may seem nervous or anxious
 * the suspected abuser is making lots of rules that the person has to follow
 * the person you know seems to give up their own life plans and asks you to keep secrets from the suspected abuser
 * the person has injuries which do not match with the account they give

_**The booklet provides advice and details of the support available in the local area**_

Detective Chief Inspector Lucy Batchelor, the force lead for Domestic Abuse, said: "Some people will have been suffering from abuse before coronavirus changed the way we are living, but some people may have found themselves becoming a victim during this current situation.

"Either way, it's not acceptable. There are places victims of abuse can turn to for help. There are no restrictions to people seeking help and a place of safety.

"We want to ensure people are getting the support which is available to them but we know victims may not feel able to talk openly about what is happening at home. That is why we also need people to look out for their family members, their friends, their neighbours and their colleagues and to seek help if they have any concerns.

"Please take a look at the leaflet and the support and advice which it offers to those who are affected."

The leaflet includes a number of online resources as well as contact numbers for support agencies in the area.

Our force website also has information in relation to domestic abuse and how you can report incidents to us. We have trained officers who will provide support to you while carrying out the investigation. Further information can be found here - https://www.leics.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/daa/domestic-abuse/

Information and support is also available on the Government website here - 'At home shouldn't mean at risk'
