```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: PC Ben Broad has sourced and delivered six bikes to a local children&#39;s home.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Beat officer spreads joy to local children&#39;s home
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/beat-officer-spreads-joy-to-local-childrens-home/
publish:
  date: 12:07 05/07/2019
title: Beat officer spreads joy to local children&#39;s home | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/beat-officer-spreads-joy-to-local-childrens-home/
```

A local police officer from East Leicester is donating six unclaimed bicycles from the force's property store to a local children's home on his beat.

PC Ben Broad approached staff in the force's property store who were more than willing to donate the unclaimed bikes to a good cause - recovered bikes are usually sold on an auction site after 28 days if they are not claimed.

Ben then enlisted the help of bike repair company 'Fix my Bike' as well as transport charity, Sustrans, both of whom kindly agreed to put the bikes back into good working order ready for the children's use.

The youngsters who live at the local children's home in the East Leicester area will benefit from the bikes which will provide them with some independence and freedom.

PC Ben Broad, said: "It's great to be able to help these kids, many of which have had a really tough start to life. I pop in once a week and have managed to build a good rapport with them, so when the opportunity to provide them with the bikes came along, I jumped at it.

"I'm giving them four today and then the other two will follow shortly. In the grand scheme of things it's a pretty small gesture, but for the children it means a great deal."

George Pollard who works for Sustrans and fixed some of the bikes, said: "Ben approached me about a month or so ago and asked if I would be able to fix the bikes.

"The bikes were in need of varying degrees of repair.

"It really is a great feeling to be able to give something to these children and present them with an opportunity that they wouldn't normally get. It's fantastic that they have been presented with the bikes and I hope it opens up a new world of possibilities for them."

Debbie Hunt, manager of the care home, added: "This gesture is greatly appreciated and the children will be able to have a great time out and about on these bikes."
