```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: New recruit, Aldona, joins Leicestershire Police.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Say hello / Dzie\u0144 dobry to one of the force&#39;s latest recruits Aldona Wolska"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/say-hello-dzie-dobry-to-one-of-the-forces-latest-recruits-aldona-wolska/
publish:
  date: 10:33 10/07/2020
title: "Say hello / Dzie\u0144 dobry to one of the force&#39;s latest recruits Aldona Wolska | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/say-hello-dzie-dobry-to-one-of-the-forces-latest-recruits-aldona-wolska/
```

We speak to new recuit Aldona about her journey with Leicestershire Police so far.

Last month 32 new faces were sworn in as officers of Leicestershire Police. The new officers will undergo weeks of specialised training to prepare them for life on the street across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

Among the recruits was Aldona Wolska whose lifelong ambition has been to become a police officer. Now following her dream she hopes her story will inspire others from minority communities to join the force.

Growing up in Poland, Aldona was inspired by her brother-in-law who is a police officer. She wished to follow in his footsteps and when she moved to England ten years ago she set about making her dream a reality.

Aldona's first job in England was in the local biscuit factory. It was the skills she learnt there that she feels better enabled her for her policing career, she said:

_" When I was working in the warehouse I worked with so many people from different communities. I'm interested in people, I like to understand them and learn about their culture and where they are from. It is understanding different backgrounds and how to talk to people appropriately that I have taken from that job and bought with me to Leicestershire Police."_

Beginning her policing career three years ago Aldona first joined the force as a PCSO and has been working in the community in North West Leicestershire. Talking about why she chose this route into the force she said:

_" I wanted to understand a bigger picture of the role and I felt as though applying for a PSCO position gave me a bit more insight into the job. It was the perfect opportunity to get to know people and to learn more about the force."_

Being bi-lingual is an invaluable skill and helped Aldona to make an impact on her beat as a PCSO. She said:

_" I feel like I have been able to help break some of the barriers between the police and the Polish community, very often when I have been out an about people have at first been a little reserved to talk to me but as soon as they realise you can speak their language they felt much more comfortable and have shared vital information. Since then many of the people I have worked with will always wave at me and say hello!"_

Now looking forward to her new role Aldona is excited about her future with Leicestershire Police and hopes to encourage others from the Polish community to do the same. She added:

_ "I feel as though maybe there is a lack of confidence from people in my community to apply for the police, but the welcome I had from my colleagues was amazing"_

_" I think it's really exciting to be starting in my new role as a PC - hard work pays off!"_
