```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Bhavini Pravin\u2019s father, Pravin Babu, has released the following statement on behalf of the family after the man responsible for her death was convicted."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bhavini Pravin family statement
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/bhavini-pravin-family-statement/
publish:
  date: 17:10 11/09/2020
title: Bhavini Pravin family statement | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/bhavini-pravin-family-statement/
```

**Bhavini Pravin 's father, Pravin Babu, has released the following statement on behalf of the family after the man responsible for her death was convicted.**

"Our daughter was only 21 years old when she was murdered.

"She was a good daughter. She attended college and later worked alongside me supporting the family - keeping a roof over our heads and food on our table.
When our Bhavini was born, we felt that all of our prayers had been answered. She was the 'Laxmi' (Goddess) of our family.

"Growing up she gave us so much joy and purpose. She was our inspiration to better ourselves and to build a future. Soon after, our two sons, Krutesh and Yagnesh, were born. Even from a young age, Bhavini doted on her little brothers. Yagnesh looked up to his older sister and lovingly called her 'Tahndi' (calm).

"We decided to move to England so that we could give our children a better future.

"Bhavini and I worked on the same production line for four years. We would come and go from work together. We would laugh and joke as she jogged along and I rode my bicycle.

"She would accompany my wife everywhere. People often commented that they looked like sisters. They would get ready together, share clothes and were each other's best friend.

"Her first word was 'Mummy'.

"Bhavini was a devout Hindu who took her faith very seriously. She led a peaceful, selfless life. She had a naturally loving, gentle and caring nature.

"She loved the many colourful Hindu festivals - she was always the life and soul of the party.

"As parents our aspirations were that our daughter would get a good education, pursue her childhood career choice of nursing, marry the man of her dreams, have a family and live happily ever after.

"When Jigu became engaged to our daughter, we trusted him to cherish, love and look after her forever. She was so precious to us.

"We showed Jigu nothing but love and acceptance. We brought him to England to give him a better life. We supported him, housed him.

"And how did Jigu return our kindness - he repaid us by killing our beloved Bhavini.

"Our faith tells us that it is God's wish that we are only put on earth to serve a purpose.

"Bhavini must have served her purpose. She brought us so much joy for the short time that we were blessed with having her in our lives but at 21 she was still finding her feet and making her way in life.

"Our lives have been shattered beyond repair. Only our faith and belief is keeping us going.

"My sons will never forget the horror they faced that day. I will always regret not being there to prevent what happened and my wife will never forget our daughter's final word to her as she took her last breath, 'Mummy'.

Bhavini Pravin
