```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Inspector Adam Wardle takes over from Detective Inspector Adam Archer as the forces Central Leicester inspector.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force welcomes new City Commander
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/force-welcomes-new-city-commander/
publish:
  date: 10:13 08/03/2021
title: Force welcomes new City Commander | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/force-welcomes-new-city-commander/
```

Detective Inspector Adam Archer will be handing over the baton to a new inspector for the Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA) of Central Leicester.

After 13 years at Leicestershire Police, recently appointed Detective Inspector Archer will be taking on a new challenge in East Leicester, leaving the City in charge of Inspector Adam Wardle who has recently taken over the role.

Inspector Adam Wardle joined Leicestershire Police in 1996 and has worked in various roles across the force over the years. Most recently, he has spent the last two and a half years as a Control Room Inspector at Force Headquarters in Enderby, where he worked as a Tactical Firearms Commander. He is also a member of the force's Hostage and Crisis Negotiator Team.

The father of two, brings a wealth of experience in neighbourhoods, having held positions as a Constable and Sergeant across the county.

He said: "I look forward to being reacquainted with partners & colleagues I have worked with across the City in the past.

"I seek to build on the successes of Adam Archer and hope to nurture and develop existing relationships with the stakeholders who work tirelessly to make the City a safer place to live, work and visit. I am privileged to be given the opportunity to command the City NPA."

Detective Inspector Adam Archer, who joined Leicestershire Police in 2008 said: "Leading the Central Leicester team has been an enormous privilege and the highlight of my career to date.

"I am fortunate to have worked with an excellent team of officers and staff, and am grateful to all of the support that our committed partners and diverse communities have afforded to me.

"Whilst I am of course excited to take on new challenges at East Leicester, my time working within our city centre will be something that I remain proud of for many years to come."

Since joining the force, Detective Inspector Archer carried out a variety of roles such as a Response Officer, Neighbourhood Officer and a Detective. He also worked as a Staff Officer to the Chief Officer Team. He has had numerous successes in the City Centre during his role as NPA Inspector, including guiding his team through the challenges following the Covid-19 pandemic.
