```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers visited a site in Bagworth yesterday morning (Wednesday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Vehicles and number plates recovered during Bagworth warrant \u2013 trio released from custody"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/vehicles-and-number-plates-recovered-during-bagworth-warrant--two-people-released-from-custody/
publish:
  date: 20:50 10/12/2020
title: "Vehicles and number plates recovered during Bagworth warrant \u2013 trio released from custody | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/vehicles-and-number-plates-recovered-during-bagworth-warrant--two-people-released-from-custody/
```

Updated News Post

Scores of stolen number plates and vehicles believed to be involved in crime were seized by officers following the execution of a warrant in Leicestershire yesterday morning (Wednesday 9 December).

A number of teams from within the force visited a site in Barlestone Road shortly before 6am as part of a continued crackdown on offences - including theft - in which vehicles have been used.

In addition to more than 200 number plates, six cars, two motorcycles and a horsebox trailer were also seized.

Three people present at the site were arrested.

An 18-year-old man and a 16-year-old youth were arrested on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle - they have since been bailed pending further investigation.

A 20-year-old man - arrested on suspicion of burglary - has been released on bail.

_**Officers executed a warrant at a site in Bagworth yesterday morning**_

Superintendent Adam Slonecki oversaw the execution of the warrants. He said: "This is part of our ongoing work to tackle vehicle crime and other offences associated with it.

"We've recovered a number of cars and motorcycles which are believed to have been used to commit crime, as well as more than 200 number plates which have been stolen or cloned and are used on other vehicles.

"Officers visited the site with partners from the local electricity provider and they found that electricity was also being bypassed.

"We will continue to act on information, concerns or issues raised by members of the local community. I hope the warrants executed this morning can bring some reassurance to people living in the area."
