```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Annual campaign to celebrate safely launched
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrate Safely campaign launches at Warning Zone
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/celebrate-safely-campaign-launches-at-warning-zone/
publish:
  date: 15:45 03/09/2019
title: Celebrate Safely campaign launches at Warning Zone | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/celebrate-safely-campaign-launches-at-warning-zone/
```

An annual campaign to encourage people across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to consider their safety during the upcoming season of celebrations and events, was launched earlier today (Tuesday 3 September).

As part of this year's Celebrate Safely launch, Year 6 pupils from Shaftesbury Junior School, attended Warning Zone, a life-skills centre and children safeguarding charity in Leicester. Here they watched a demonstration by firefighters and were given a tour around Warning Zone.

They also got to look around a range of emergency vehicles and received some safety advice, which they can now share with their family and friends.

Katie Hudson, the Children and Young Persons Officer for Leicestershire Police, said: "As we head into a busy time of year for festivities and celebrations across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland we are working together to make sure everyone can enjoy those celebrations safely.

"There are lots of easy ways you can protect yourself and your property and enjoy this special time of year without the fear of crime.

"Whether you are celebrating Diwali, Christmas, Halloween or bonfire night or going to parties, festivals or having friends and family round, we hope that by following the Celebrate Safely advice you have a safe and enjoyable time."

Wayne Gale, Station Manager at Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service, said: "With the many events taking place in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland at this time of year, Celebrate Safely helps our communities by offering many useful safety tips and advice from all the services involved.

"We want you to go out and enjoy the celebrations, but it's important to keep yourself, your family and friends safe, as well as your property and belongings.

"At the launch of the campaign today, we hope the school children will now go back and share these important safety messages with their family and friends."

The campaign is run across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and ties in with a number of upcoming celebrations through to Christmas and New Year, including Eid, Diwali, Navratri, Halloween and Bonfire Night. It involves Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service, Leicestershire Police, Leicestershire County Council, Leicester City Council, Rutland County Council and a number of district and borough councils across the county.

Celebrate Safely includes a social media campaign, a programme of school visits, information stands and attendance of the services at celebratory events.

Key safety messages and advice focusing on the fire risks of diva candles among other things, will be shared at events and online, to ensure people consider the safety of their friends and family and enjoy the celebrations safely.

Wayne Gale, added: "We urge everyone to be vigilant, keeping a watchful eye on candles, divas and cooking at all times, as well as being cautious when it comes to fireworks and bonfires to help avoid any risk to loved ones caused by fires.

"We want all our local communities to have a safe end to 2019."

Ivan Ould, cabinet member for community safety at Leicestershire County Council, said: "We all want to enjoy festive celebrations surrounded by our friends and family. That's why the Celebrate Safely campaign is so important: it aims to spread vital safety messages so we can cherish these happy times, and make celebrations memorable for all of the right reasons."

For more in depth information about the campaign, useful safety tips and advice, visit www.celebratesafely.com.
