```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives have arrested a second person in connection with a non-stop collision in Leicester this morning (30 May).
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Collision in Humberstone Road \u2013 second arrest"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/collision-in-humberstone-road--second-arrest/
publish:
  date: 16:15 30/05/2019
title: "Collision in Humberstone Road \u2013 second arrest | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/collision-in-humberstone-road--second-arrest/
```

Detectives have arrested a second person in connection with a non-stop collision in Leicester this morning (30 May).

A 21-year-old woman has been arrested and remains in custody along with a 23-year-old man, who was arrested earlier this afternoon. Both people have been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

Officers were called to Humberstone Road at around 1am following a report that a man in his forties and a teenage boy had been struck by a vehicle, near to the junction with Spinney Hill Road.

The boy sustained a minor injury while the man was seriously injured and is in a stable condition in hospital.

Enquiries are continuing into the exact circumstances surrounding the incident and officers are appealing for sightings of a blue coloured, three-door hatchback that is believed to have been involved.

It failed to stop at the scene and police want to hear from anyone who may have seen the car at the time of the incident, or a vehicle matching the description that looks like it has been abandoned.

Inspector Paul Allen said: "While we have made arrests the investigation is very much ongoing and we have a team of officers working to establish the exact circumstances of what has happened and to locate the vehicle.

"We are now appealing for sightings of a blue coloured car - it may have sustained damage in the collision and could have been abandoned. Is there a vehicle matching the description parked in your street that isn't normally there? Do you think you've seen the vehicle abandoned? Or did you see it around the time of the incident?

"Whatever information you might have, we want to hear from you."

Officers are also appealing for anyone who may have dashcam or CCTV footage of the incident to get in touch.

The incident is not being treated as terrorist related and we would ask that people do not speculate about the circumstances while it remains under investigation.

There will be an increased police presence in the Humberstone Road area in order to provide reassurance to the local community.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident 19 of 30 May.
