```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Ricky Simon, 53, was found guilty and sentenced following a trial
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man convicted of murder after using headlock
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/man-convicted-of-murder-after-using-headlock/
publish:
  date: 16:19 20/12/2019
title: Man convicted of murder after using headlock | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/man-convicted-of-murder-after-using-headlock/
```

Updated News Post

A 53-year-old man who killed a man when he put him in a headlock following an argument has been found guilty of murder.

Ricky Simon, of Mere Road, Leicester, assaulted Constantine Papathanasiou, 51, at a property in St Peter's Road, Leicester, on 17 May this year.

Police were called to the scene just after 5pm by East Midlands Ambulance Service after paramedics were initially called to the property by others who were at the flat. Paramedics attempted to save Mr Papathanasiou's life but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

Police were initially told Mr Papathanasiou had been smoking drugs with others at the flat which had led to his death.

But following further enquiries, information was received that Simon, who had also been at the property, had assaulted Mr Papathanasiou.

_**Ricky Simon has been found guilty of murder**_

An initial post-mortem examination showed that Mr Papathanasiou had suffered a fracture of the hyoid bone in the neck. He had also suffered internal bruising to his neck and bruising and cuts externally to his neck. The injuries indicated that significant force or pressure had been applied.

Mr Papathanasiou had also suffered blunt force traumatic injuries to his face and torso.

DNA evidence found on Mr Papathanasiou linked Simon to the scene while CCTV enquiries showed Simon leaving the area following the incident.

Ricky Simon (red arrow) leaving the scene of the incident

Simon was arrested on 22 May where he denied being responsible for the death of Mr Papathanasiou.

But following a five-week trial at Leicester Crown Court, he was today (20 December) found guilty of murder **.**

He was also found guilty of perverting the course of justice. This was in relation to a jacket he was wearing at the time of the incident being disposed.

Simon was found not guilty of a charge of witness intimidation.

This afternoon he was sentenced to life imprisonment to serve a minimum of 18 years.

_**Constantine Papathanasiou died after being assaulted**_

A second defendant Elliss Rose, 39, who was standing trial charged with perverting the course of justice was found not guilty of the charge.

Detective Inspector Mark Sinski said: "The actions of one man, Ricky Simon, has led to a family tragically losing a loved one while Simon himself now faces a lengthy prison sentence.

"Simon showed no remorse after carrying out this fatal attack on Mr Papathanasiou leaving him at the scene. He then continued to deny any responsibility for his death.

"But through information provided, and following a thorough investigation carried out by a dedicated team of officers, the jury has today returned a guilty verdict.

"My thoughts remain with the family of Mr Papathanasiou and I hope that this outcome does help them in some small way during this extremely traumatic time."
