```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Results are shared after the force takes part in a two week national campaign for people to surrender their weapons.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police share results from Firearms Surrender
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicestershire-police-share-results-from-firearms-surrender/
publish:
  date: 10:42 08/08/2019
title: Leicestershire Police share results from Firearms Surrender | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/leicestershire-police-share-results-from-firearms-surrender/
```

A total of 35 weapons and more than 900 rounds of ammunition have been handed in to Leicestershire Police during a two week national firearms surrender.

The surrender was co-ordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS) with many other forces across the UK taking part from Saturday 20 July to Sunday 4 August.

All of the firearms handed in, including ammunition, CS Spray and Tasers, will be destroyed or handed to museums to be displayed.

A variety of weapons were handed into Neighbourhood Policing Areas (NPAs) across the county:

 * Deactivated Shotguns - 2
 * Deactivated Rifle - 1
 * Shotguns - 6
 * Rifles - 2
 * Revolver/Pistol - 1
 * Air Rifles - 9
 * Air Pistols - 3
 * Blank Firing Revolver/Pistols - 6
 * BB Guns - 3
 * Captor/Spray - 1
 * Stun Gun - 1

Detective Inspector Helena Bhakta said: "The aim of the surrender is to get firearms away from the hands of criminals. These aims have been achieved thanks to the great response from the public.

"The communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland have got behind this national campaign. Together we have ensured there are less firearms in circulation, reducing accessibility to criminals, and making our streets safer. Leicestershire Police will continue to robustly investigate those that illegally arm themselves and take measures to combat gun crime.

"Our commitment to keeping gun crime low will continue beyond this surrender, and I hope that we can count on the public for their continued support."

If anyone has a weapon they would like to hand in they have been advised to contact Leicestershire Police on 101 and they will be given further advice on what to do.
