```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Kennedy Ikhuenbor was sentenced to four years and one month.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to supplying drugs in the Loughborough area
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/a-man-has-been-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-supplying-drugs-in-the-loughborough-area/
publish:
  date: 16:37 17/03/2021
title: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to supplying drugs in the Loughborough area | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/a-man-has-been-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-supplying-drugs-in-the-loughborough-area/
```

A man has been sent to prison for four years and one month after pleading guilty to supplying drugs in the Loughborough area.

Kennedy Ikhuenbor, 27, of North Street, Barrow-upon-Soar was sentenced after officers discovered a phone line being used to sell heroin and crack cocaine.

It was found that between 1 June and 8 November 2020, the line was linked to the sale of class A drugs to as many as 75 individuals.

Officers identified Ikheunbor as the controller of the line phone and after warrants were executed at a number of properties on Tuesday 17 November, he was arrested near his home.

On searching his home, officers recovered drugs with an estimated street value of almost £4,000, a quantity of cash and mobile phones.

While in custody, Ikheunbor assaulted four officers causing minor injuries, damaged an officer's watch and a light switch in his cell. He was further arrested for assault and criminal damage.

On Monday 21 December 2020 he pleaded guilty at Leicester Crown Court to the following offences:

 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, namely crack cocaine, committed between 1 June - 17 November
 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, namely heroin, committed between 1 June - 17 November
 * Four counts of assaulting an emergency worker, committed on Tuesday 17 November
 * One count of benefitting from the proceeds of crime
 * One count of attempted assault of an emergency worker, committed on Tuesday 17 November
 * Two counts of criminal damage, committed on Tuesday 17 November

He was sentenced today (Wednesday 17 March) at Leicester Crown Court.

Detective Inspector Rob Arthur said: "Investigative work by our officers identified the mobile phone as the source of the supply and found Ikhuenbor to be in control of that phone.

"Due to the overwhelming evidence our officers had gathered, he pleaded guilty to all charges.

"We will continue to work hard to eliminate drug crime across the region and act on any information we receive.

"We would urge anyone with information about drug crime to please contact us. You will be dealt with in confidence and your help allows us to keep our communities safe."
