```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers will be conducting random drink drug tests throughout December as part of a month-long campaign
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police get tough on drink drug drivers
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/leicestershire-police-get-touch-on-drink-drug-drivers/
publish:
  date: 09:23 29/11/2019
title: Leicestershire Police get tough on drink drug drivers | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/leicestershire-police-get-touch-on-drink-drug-drivers/
```

Drivers face random breath tests around the clock as Leicestershire Police clamp down on drink drivers this December.

Checks will take place any time of the day or night throughout the seasonal road safety campaign which means revellers who get behind the wheel the next day could still be caught out for being over the limit.

Leicestershire Police officers will also be testing drivers for drugs as part of their tough stance this Christmas and are appealing to the public to report anyone who appears impaired to report it.

In December 2018, Leicestershire Police officers made 122 drink and 33 drug drive arrests, this was 56% more than December 2017 which saw 78 drink and 21 drug drivers detained at the roadside.

Just over half of December 2018 arrests were made in Leicester City (75) along with significant numbers in Charnwood (24), North West Leicestershire (16) and Hinckley and Bosworth (16).

In addition, 39 of the total arrests were made following a road traffic collision and 37 were younger drivers, aged 25 or under.

Chief Superintendent Martyn Ball, who is heading up the local drink drug drive campaign, said, "Driving while impaired, whether through drink or drugs, devastates lives. Sadly, each year drink and drugs are a contributory factor in death and serious injury on the UK's roads.

"Improved detection methods, and a change in the law, introduced four years ago have seen a rise on the number of drug drive arrests, a total of 173 people were arrested for drug driving in 2018 compared to 23 in 2015."

"Drivers should be aware that we patrol 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week to challenge drink drug drivers and bring them before the courts."

If you see someone who appears to be a drink or drug driver enter a vehicle to drive away, make a note of the registration plate and the direction of travel and call your local police on 101 or make a make a free and anonymous call to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

For arrest updates during the campaign follow us on Twitter @RoadSafeLeics
