```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Around 300 eggs were gifted to a Leicester hospital - as a small token of appreciation
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police deliver donated Easter eggs to NHS staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/police-delivered-donated-easter-eggs-to-nhs-staff/
publish:
  date: 11:10 10/04/2020
title: Police deliver donated Easter eggs to NHS staff | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/police-delivered-donated-easter-eggs-to-nhs-staff/
```

The Easter bunny came early to NHS staff in one of Leicester's hospitals - thanks to two city centre police community support officers (PSCO).

PCSO Mark Williamson and Phil Grimwood delivered around 300 Easter eggs to frontline workers at the Leicester Royal Infirmary after two local WHSmith stores were looking to donate them to a good cause.

Staff at the Gallowtree Gate branch contacted Mark, who is regularly involved in charity fundraising, to see if he could help.

Along with his colleague Phil, who covers the hospital as part of his beat, they arranged for the chocolate to be gifted to the staff as a small token of appreciation for all of their hard work during the Coronavirus crisis.

The drop was made by the pair in the police's city centre beat bus shortly after last night's Clap for Carers.

**PCSO Mark Williamson and Emily Burrows load up the beat bus**

Mark said: "I was contacted by Emily, the city store supervisor, for help and as soon as I mentioned donating the 300 Easter eggs to some of our local NHS employees, the staff agreed it was a great idea.

"After standing outside the hospital to take part in the Clap for Carers we delivered the eggs to some of the nurses and paramedics. It's only a small gesture for their ongoing hard work but we are happy to have helped."

Emily Burrows, from WHSmith's city centre store, said: "In recognition of the amazing work our NHS is doing we are really pleased to have been able to donate hundreds of Easter eggs from both our store and Fosse Shopping Park. It is just a small token of our appreciation for their selflessness and dedication in keeping us safe.

"We'd also like to thank PSCO Williamson for helping to organise the donation and delivering the goods to the hospital."
