```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit its next cohort of PCSOs
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PCSO recruitment opens today
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/pcso-recruitment-opens-today/
publish:
  date: 08:59 24/02/2020
title: PCSO recruitment opens today | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/pcso-recruitment-opens-today/
```

Do you like being part of a team and meeting new people?

Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit its next cohort of Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and would love to hear from those who like engaging with local communities and being at the heart of what matters.

No two days are ever the same in this exciting role and we are looking for candidates from all backgrounds to help us problem solve and tackle crime and disorder.

Recruitment opens today (Monday, 24 February) and will close on Sunday, 29 March.

PCSOs play a vital role in deterring people from committing offences and can contribute to stopping minor problems from turning into something far more serious.

They are a visible anti-crime presence and therefore being able to communicate effectively and calmly in difficult situations and offer comfort, support and reassurance, is vital to the role.

There is also a host of benefits available to those who join from gym membership and cycle to work schemes to sports and leisure clubs and play scheme discounts.

PSCO Gillian Edwards has been in the job for 22 years.

"I had no idea what I wanted to do when I left school so I spoke to the careers officer when I was 16 years old. I said I didn't want to do the same thing every day and she suggested the Police force so I went for it. Fortunately I was accepted and my police story began."

Gillian is now 66 years-old and says she's loved every minute of it.

"I had a break in between when I had my children but I've worked all over the place and with so many different people as part of my role. On the beat there are lots of opportunities to engage in local events, give talks, attend activities. It's something that I thoroughly enjoy and throw myself into."

Gillian says she is extremely proud of the work she did to deliver Kayleigh's Love Story \- a film about online safety - for young people in schools across the city and county. Similarly, she once helped save a woman's life who was choking to death having swallowed her tongue while having a fit. The training she received as a PCSO meant she knew exactly what to do.

"I've learned so much through my job and picked up so many skills and as you can see, no one day has ever been the same," she added.

Anna Parker, 19, has been a PCSO for the past six months and is enjoying every moment.

She said: "I'm thinking about becoming a police officer later down the line and I thought this would give me a great insight into the job. I'm thoroughly enjoying it. I work with officers all the time and I get to go to events in the community and talk to people. You never get bored in this job."

PCSO Harkerat Sanghera, 38, joined nearly 12 years ago following the completion of a Masters degree in IT.

He said: "When I completed my degree I was searching for jobs and didn't want a desk job. My dad, who is also a PCSO with the force, encouraged me to consider joining. I did and I've enjoyed it so much, I'm still here. I like the challenge and personal responsibility of managing my own patch in Thurmaston, where everyone here knows me. Being able to go out and talk to people is a key part of the job, providing a visible presence and reassurance to the communities and aiming to prevent and/or detect crime and anti-social behaviour."

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment officer for the force said: "Leicestershire Police is keen to recruit a number of individuals from diverse backgrounds. We want a Police service that truly represents the communities we serve. If you show the right level of commitment and dedication, you can be part of our amazing team."

Information events for anyone interested in becoming a PCSO are taking place at Leicestershire Police headquarters, St Johns, Enderby, on Thursday, February 27 at 5.30pm and Thursday, 5 March at Wesley Hall, 76 Hartington Road, Leicester, between 4-6pm.

Serving officers will be available to talk to and you can find out more about the opportunities available as well as the application process. To book a place at the event or for more information on becoming a PCSO and what the job entails visit our website
