```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Eight Police Cadets visited the German town of Krefeld
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Cadets had a blast in Krefeld
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/police-cadets-had-a-blast-in-krefeld/
publish:
  date: 13:55 03/09/2019
title: Police Cadets had a blast in Krefeld | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/police-cadets-had-a-blast-in-krefeld/
```

Eight Leicestershire Police cadets jetted off to Krefeld, Germany, at the weekend to take part in their annual soapbox derby.

Eight police cadets spent the weekend in Leicester's German twin-town, Krefeld, and swapped their police berets for driver's helmets as they took part in the town's annual go-cart race, the 'Seifenkistenrennen'.

The cadets jetted off to Krefeld early on Friday 30 August and returned last night (Monday 2 September). Over the weekend they were tasked with decorating their Leicestershire Police themed soapbox ready for the race on Sunday, and also spent a lot of time with Krefeld Police.

Krefeld's senior officer in command welcomed the group to the force's headquarters and they were shown around the control room and various departments. Next was a trip to the traffic unit where the cadets learned about the methods used to police Germany's roads. They had the opportunity to try on some uniform, including the bulletproof vests, and were given a live demonstration of how the force use police dogs to track suspects.

Volunteer Police Cadet Matthew Hares, 16, said: "I'm so grateful to have had this opportunity and would like to thank everyone who made it possible. My favourite part was having the chance to interact with the Krefeld police officers. They hosted a BBQ for us on Saturday night and it was really interesting hearing about their experiences. I also had great fun driving the Leicestershire Police soapbox on Sunday!"

The cadets were accompanied by cadet leaders PCSO Andrew Dunmore and PC Jade Furniss. PC Furniss said: "It was a thoroughly enjoyable experience for everyone and I found it so interesting to see how policing works in another country. My personal highlight was visiting the dog section, and the cadets loved sitting on the force motorbikes and in the cars. I feel proud to have represented Leicestershire Police with such a brilliant group of police cadets and hope to visit Krefeld again someday."

The trip was made possible due to the close relationship between Leicestershire's branch of the International Policing Association (IPA) and the City of Leicester's European Twinning Association (CLETA) with the City of Krefeld.

PC Simon O'Connell organised the trip and said: "As an active member of the IPA it's brilliant to help the Leicester and Krefeld branches reconnect. It's even better that we can involve the police cadets and I hope that they will help to maintain the future relationship we hold with our German twin-town. A fantastic time was had by all, and I hope to be able to return to Krefeld with more cadets in 2021."

The cadets will be sending messages of thanks to those involved in the trip, and the force would like to thank the IPA, CLETA and City of Krefeld for making the trip possible.
