```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating the incidents which happened in Shepshed, Quorn, Mountsorrel and Rothley yesterday
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tools stolen and damage caused in Charnwood area
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/shop-damaged-in-glenfield-attempted-burglary/tools-stolen-and-damage-caused-in-charnwood-area/
publish:
  date: 12:02 03/05/2019
title: Tools stolen and damage caused in Charnwood area | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/shop-damaged-in-glenfield-attempted-burglary/tools-stolen-and-damage-caused-in-charnwood-area/
```

Detectives are investigating a series of theft from tools and criminal damage which happened in the Charnwood area yesterday.

The following incidents were reported on Thursday (2 May) and are being investigated:

 * At around 1.45pm in Charnwood Road, Shepshed, a masked man stole some tools which were outside an address. He was seen to get into a grey BMW.

 * At around 2.55pm, a masked man was seen attempting to break into a van in Wood Lane, Quorn. He made off in a grey BMW 3 series. Damage was caused to the van and nothing was taken.

 * At around 2.45pm, tools were stolen from two vans parked in Bond Lane in Mountsorrel. Four masked men were involved and made off in a grey BMW 3 series estate.

 * At around 3pm in Swithland Drive, Rothley, a member of the public witnessed what he believed was a crime in progress involving four masked men in a grey BMW. They caused damage to his vehicle before making off.

Officers were deployed and carried out an area search but unfortunately the offending car and its occupants were not traced.

Enquiries are continuing in the reports and officers would ask anyone who may have information to get in touch.

Detective Constable Steve Reed, the investigating officer, said: "We believe from the similarities throughout these incidents, they were committed by the same group of people and are being linked.

"We are carrying out a number of enquiries including obtaining witness statements and reviewing CCTV at all of the locations.

"While we appreciate these incidents may be of concern, please be reassured that they will be fully investigated and everything is being done to catch the people responsible. Local officers will be carrying out proactive reassurance patrols in the area and are available to speak to anyone with any concerns they may have.

"If you have any information about these incidents, the vehicle used or the people responsible, please contact police, no matter how small the information may seem."

Anyone with information is asked contact police on 101 quoting 19*223672.
