```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: More than 400 volunteers and guests attended the event last night (5 June) to see 20 awards being given out and scores of people applauded for their time and commitment to the force.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force celebrates fifth annual Volunteers in Policing awards night
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/force-celebrates-fifth-annual-volunteers-in-policing-awards-night/
publish:
  date: 11:50 06/06/2019
title: Force celebrates fifth annual Volunteers in Policing awards night | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/june/force-celebrates-fifth-annual-volunteers-in-policing-awards-night/
```

A special constable who pulled a man from his car one minute before it was struck by a train, a cadet who cares for her younger sister and a volunteer who works hard to build on the relationship between her community and the police were among those commended at Leicestershire Police's Volunteers in Policing Awards.

More than 400 volunteers and guests attended the event last night (5 June) to see 20 awards being given out and scores of people applauded for their time and commitment to the force.

Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "In the last year our volunteers, specials and cadets have contributed 101,710 hours, which is remarkable. They are local heroes and the work they do is truly brilliant. As Chief Constable it is completely humbling to have people who are prepared to commit their own time to make Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland a safer place.

"The event wouldn't be possible without the generous sponsorship of a number of local organisations and the Police and Crime Commissioner, so thank you for helping us to celebrate these wonderful people and the communities they serve."

The event was held at the King Power Stadium to recognise the effort of 800 people who volunteer for Leicestershire Police as special constables, volunteer police cadets and police support volunteers.

Special Constable Kimberly Pulley was awarded Special Constable of the Year, sponsored by Police Mutual Assurance Society. She's been a special for just over five years and also works full-time as a self-employed carer. She's a member of the Melton response team and has been involved with some serious incidents.

Recently Kimberly and her crewmate were first on the scene of a road traffic collision where a car had crashed into a level crossing and was trapped on the train tracks. She jumped into action and removed the driver from his vehicle one minute before it was struck by a freight train.

After receiving the award Kimberly said: "I'm thrilled and also so shocked to have won this award, I really didn't expect it. I love the people I work with and am really lucky to be a part of a small knit team, and the people of Melton are amazing. I've always loved helping people too and as a special I get the chance to help a wide variety of people, from vulnerable adults to people who have been in collisions. It's really rewarding."

Volunteer Police Cadet Quinn Burgess was also commended and picked up the Outstanding Cadet of the Year award, sponsored by Leicester City Football Club Community Trust.

The 16-year-old is a member of our Market Harborough cadet unit and has been balancing cadets with her GCSE exams and caring for her younger sister at home. Quinn is an excellent cadet and shows great expertise in both the police and fire duties. She's always happy to help younger cadets and even finds the time to bake cakes for the unit, which really boosts morale.

Delighted with the award Quinn said: "I'm so proud to have won this award. I love being a police cadet and it's great for getting me out of the house every week, as I used to suffer from anxiety quite a lot. Cadets has helped me overcome that, and I don't experience it while at cadets. It's really boosted my confidence."

Police Support Volunteer Harbans Thiaray received the Diversity award sponsored by The St Philip's Centre. Harbans joined the force in 2013 because she wanted to build on the relationship between her community and the police. She's heavily involved with the force networks and often volunteers at community events, spreading the word about volunteering opportunities.

Harbans said: "I'm more than happy to have received this award and I'm proud to be a role model for the community. The force has given me so much appreciation, so much honour and so much respect. I feel like I am in the right place with the right people, who are working together to bring peace into our communities."

The awards night coincides with National Volunteers' week (1 to 7 June) an annual celebration of volunteers across the country that takes pride in highlighting the excellent work they undertake and their contribution to communities.

More than £500 was raised in a raffle for Rainbows Children's Hospice.

The winners on the night were:

 * No 1 Copperpot PSV Outstanding Leadership Award - **Lorna-Murphy Welch**
 * Everard Foundation SPC Outstanding Leadership Award - **Special Sergeant Leigh Moore**
 * Caterpillar VPC Leader of the year Award - **PCSO Lynette Rose**
 * Leicester Riders PSV Innovation Award ** - Jim Donaghy**
 * The Superintendents Association SPC Innovation Award - **Special Constable Ellis Harris-Boulter **
 * The International Police Association Most Improved Volunteer Police Cadet - **Brijal Solanki**
 * LPF Medical Scheme Trust PSV Special Recognition Award - **Jennifer Simpson**
 * The Leicestershire Police Federation SPC Special Recognition Award - **Special Constable Rob Charlesworth**
 * The Royal Society of Saint George Community Service Award - ****High Sheriff Cadet Finlay** **O 'Riordan ****
 * PCC PSV Community Engagement Award - **Jenny Kent**
 * PCC SPC Community Engagement Award - **Special Sergeant Luke Eden-Walker**
 * UNISON Volunteer Police Cadet Unit of the year Award - **Charnwood Cadet Unit**
 * ASCCO SPC Outstanding Team Performance Award - **The Safer Roads Team**
 * City Watch PSV Outstanding Team Performance Award - **The Max Pax Team**
 * City Watch Outstanding PSV of the year Award - **Robbert Van-Tienen**
 * LCFC Community Trust Outstanding VPC Award - **Quinn Burgess**
 * PMAS Outstanding SPC of the year Award - **Special Constable Kimberly Pulley**
 * DMU Lifetime Achievement Award - **Bob Bancroft**

Thank you to all of our event partners:

 * St Philips Centre
 * No.1 Copperpot
 * The Everard Foundation
 * Caterpillar
 * Leicester Riders
 * The Superintendents Association
 * International Police Association
 * LPF Medical Scheme
 * The Leicestershire Police Federation
 * The Royal Society of Saint George
 * Unison
 * ASCCO
 * City Watch
 * PMAS
 * Leicester City Football Club Community Trust
 * Leicestershire's Police and Crime Commissioner
 * St Philips Centre
 * De Montfort University

(Pictured left to right: Harbans Thiaray, Quinn Burgess and Kimberly Pulley)
