```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Hundreds of visitors flocked to an Emergency Services Day in Coalville at the weekend
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Emergency Services Day hailed a huge success
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/emergency-services-day-hailed-a-huge-success/
publish:
  date: 13:41 12/08/2019
title: Emergency Services Day hailed a huge success | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/emergency-services-day-hailed-a-huge-success/
```

An open day designed to showcase the vital work of the emergency services has been hailed a huge success.

Leicestershire Police, along with Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service, which share a site in Broad Street, Coalville, threw open the doors on Saturday, 10 August to in excess of 2,000 visitors. They were joined by East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) crews with all three providing a number of demonstrations including a rope rescue, aerial ladder display, car crash rescue, and CPR training.

In addition, a police motorbike and rider were there to talk to visitors. There was also the opportunity to test out some beer googles to get a greater understanding of how alcohol affects your response time and a range of educational community stalls thanks to North West Leicestershire District Council (NWLDC).

For the younger ones, there was an indoor bouncy castle, face painting and costumes to enjoy alongside a host of refreshments for all.

Coalville is a designated People Zone which aims to build stronger, safer communities and empower people to become healthier, more capable and better equipped.

The emergency services day was the first event of its kind to happen in the town since the People Zone was set up by Leicestershire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Lord Willy Bach.

Lord Bach was there on the day to officially open the event.

He said: "It was great to be at the first Coalville Emergency Services Day and to see so many people having a good time. Congratulations all round."

Sergeant Jayne Dolby, from Coalville Neighbourhood Policing Area, was also there on the day.

She added: "We hope this multi-agency approach went some way to show casing the many roles of the emergency services and how hard we work, as well as giving visitors the chance to learn more about how to look after themselves, get further advice, and ask any questions they had.

"It was great to see so many young people at the event too and we hope that we may have inspired some of them to consider careers in the emergency services at a later date."

Dean Pidcock for Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service said: "The whole day was a great example of all three emergency services working together as one.

"The day highlighted the fantastic community spirit in Coalville and the People Zone especially."

Tim Hargraves, event lead for EMAS, said that day went even better than expected with queues to get onto the back of the ambulance."

Councillor Andrew Woodman, portfolio holder for Community Services at NWLDC, thanked everyone for their support and said: "We were delighted to be part of the first Emergency Services Day.

"There was so much to see and do and it was great that so many people enjoyed the day. It was a great partnership event.
