```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police supports worldwide celebration of sexual and gender diversities
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire Police raises the rainbow flag
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/leicestershire-police-celebrates-diversity/
publish:
  date: 11:00 17/05/2019
title: Leicestershire Police raises the rainbow flag | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/leicestershire-police-celebrates-diversity/
```

Leicestershire Police raise the rainbow flag to celebrate sexual and gender diversity.

The rainbow (pride) flag will be flying at Leicestershire Police Force Headquarters today (17 May) to celebrate International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia (IDAHOBIT).

IDAHOBIT is a worldwide celebration of sexual and gender diversities which takes place annually and is the most important date for LGBT+ communities. This date was chosen to commemorate the World Health Organisation's decision on that date in 1990 to declassify homosexuality as a mental disorder.

The celebration represents a global annual landmark to draw attention of decision makers, the media, the public, corporations, opinion leaders and local authorities to the situation faced by people with diverse sexual orientations, gender identities or expressions, and sex characteristics.

Assistant Chief Constable David Sandall said: "I am really proud to be celebrating and promoting IDAHOBIT. It is vital that we recognise and value each other for who we are.

"IDAHOBIT provides a great opportunity to remind and reassure everyone of our ongoing commitment to tackle prejudice, but more importantly to promote everyone's right to be themselves."

PC James Yeoman, Co-Chair of the LGBT+ staff network said: "Being able to be who you are both in and out of work should be the same for everyone regardless of their sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected characteristic.

"We've achieved a lot since 1990, but there is still more we can strive for. There are still people who don't feel that they can openly talk about their partner and life outside of work and therefore we will continue to tackle this."

Leicestershire Police staff are proud of their diversity and support the force to be a positive place to work and this includes giving its lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT+) employees the confidence, support and security to be themselves at work and the force encourages applications from members of the LGBT+ communities to be police officers, Police Community Support Officers and members of its staff. It is really important that the force represents the communities it serves.

You can report a hate incident or hate crime to Leicestershire Police on 101 or in emergency please call 999. You can also report to your local council or anonymously via the Stamp It Out website
