```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Two people who filmed themselves speeding in cars they had stolen have been jailed for more than nine years between them.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two jailed after a series of car key burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/two-jailed-after-a-series-of-car-key-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 12:34 17/08/2020
title: Two jailed after a series of car key burglaries | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/two-jailed-after-a-series-of-car-key-burglaries/
```

Two people who filmed themselves speeding in cars they had stolen have been jailed for more than nine years between them.

Twenty-eight burglaries were reported to the force between March and April this year where car keys were stolen from inside the property and subsequently the cars were taken.

This series of offences prompted the force to launch an operation across the Harborough and Wigston, South Leicester and Hinckley and Blaby Neighbourhood Policing Areas (NPAs).

Due to the similarities between all of the reports detectives were able to link the incidents and identify potential suspects.

On 4 May during a burglary in progress in Davenport Avenue, Oadby, officers arrested two 16-year-old boys. Later the same day, 18-year-old Jake Ward and a 17-year-old boy were also arrested after warrants were executed at their home addresses.

A mobile telephone belonging to Ward, formerly of Babington Row, Leicester, was seized and following an examination, a number of videos and images were found which identified cars that had been stolen during some of the incidents.

The following day (5 May) 23-year-old Ricky Cox was arrested after a warrant was executed at his home in Pochins Bridge Road, Wigston.

Cox, Ward and two boys, aged 16 and 17, who can't be named for legal reasons, were charged with conspiracy to commit burglary.

The fifth teenager, aged 16, who also can't be named, was charged with burglary.

The charges relate to incidents in Oadby, Wigston, Market Harborough, Birstall, Knighton, Braunstone Town, Eyres Monsell, Saffron Ward, Leicester Forest East and Stoneygate.

Cox, Ward, the 16-year-old and 17-year-old appeared at Leicester Crown Court at an earlier hearing and pleaded guilty to their parts in the offences.

On Friday (14 August) Cox was sentenced to four years in prison for conspiracy to commit burglary. Ward was sentenced to five years in prison for conspiracy to commit burglary and a further 18 months in prison for an unrelated burglary, this sentence is to run concurrently.

Two juveniles, both now aged 17, are due to be sentenced at a later date.

The fifth person, a 16-year-old, who was charged with burglary, was sentenced after pleading guilty at Youth Court in June. He was given a referral order and ordered to pay compensation and costs to the victim.

Detective Constable Nicola Holyoake was the investigating officer, she said: "This investigation brought together many functions within the force to reach a successful conclusion. The defendant's showed no remorse for their actions and the impact their crimes have on the victims.

Detective Inspector Henry Henderson led the investigation, he said: "This is a great result and a testament to the hard work that has gone into securing these convictions.

"The three Neighbourhood Policing Areas affected by this series of offences merged their resources together and identified links between each incident.

"The burglary in progress on 4 May resulted in officers from across the force being deployed including the traffic unit, dog unit and the National Air Support (NPAS) unit and led to the two 16-year-old boys being arrested.

"These types of offences have a massive impact on our local communities and we'd like to reassure people that we do take vehicle crime extremely seriously and will prosecute those involved.

"This was a complex investigation and due to the investigating officers' diligence and attention to detail in securing the evidence the defendants had no choice but to plead guilty."
