```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: An operation to target violent street crime in Leicester has resulted in 26 arrests during the six weeks of the activity.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 20 arrests during operation to tackle violent crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/more-than-20-arrests-during-operation-to-tackle-violent-crime/
publish:
  date: 11:21 18/11/2020
title: More than 20 arrests during operation to tackle violent crime | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/more-than-20-arrests-during-operation-to-tackle-violent-crime/
```

An operation to target violent street crime in Leicester has resulted in 26 arrests during the six weeks of the activity.

The operation, which was launched in October, aimed to deter robberies and other street crime related offences.

A street crime car with specialist investigating officers at the helm was deployed to key areas in the evening, they supported neighbourhood officers to maximise efforts of obtaining crucial evidence during the early stages of an offence being reported.

The crime car was deployed within the Central and East Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Areas (NPAs) and dealt with more than 50 reports of robberies, knife crime and public order offences.

During the operation 26 suspects were arrested, four have since been charged and have either been convicted or are going through the legal process.

One of those who has been convicted was a 17-year-old boy, who can't be named for legal reasons. He was charged with six counts of robbery and sentenced to six months in prison after pleading guilty at Leicester Youth Court.

The defendant committed the crimes in the city centre between 8 and 10 September. On each occasion he threatened to harm the victims with a knife. Clothing, Apple Air Pods, pedal cycles and mobile phones were stolen during the incidents in the Millstone Lane, Oxford Street and Belgrave Gate area.

Detective Sergeant Nadia Rana was leading the operation, she said: "The aim of the operation was to attend crimes as quickly as possible to maximise the evidential opportunities and reassure victims.

"The operation ran from 1 October to 14 November across Leicester, including the city centre and East Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Areas. Officers who specialise in investigating serious crimes were deployed to the operation to assist officers on the ground.

"The first hour of an offence is deemed the golden hour where you are likely to secure any evidence and possibly catch the perpetrators before they go on to commit further crimes."

A number of the reports officers dealt with related to knife crime. Earlier this month the force took part in a week-long national campaign - Operation Sceptre - which aims to reduce knife crime by targeting those carrying weapons and disrupt the supply of knives available to use.

Knife crime is a priority for Leicestershire Police and working with the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner's Violence Reduction Network (VRN), the force is determined to not only enforce and disrupt those responsible for knife crime but also collaborate with communities and partners prevent violence, including knife crime, happening in the first place.

An operation to target violent street crime in Leicester has resulted in 26 arrests during the six weeks of the activity.
