```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Stats have been published by the Office for National Statistics today (Friday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Patrols, warrants and convictions in court \u2013 policing work continues to fight crime"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/patrols-warrants-and-convictions-in-court--policing-work-continues-to-fight-crime/
publish:
  date: 12:20 17/07/2020
title: "Patrols, warrants and convictions in court \u2013 policing work continues to fight crime | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/patrols-warrants-and-convictions-in-court--policing-work-continues-to-fight-crime/
```

Proactive policing patrols, execution of warrants, bringing criminals to justice in court - just some of the ongoing work as Leicestershire Police continues its work to fight crime.

Office for National Statistics data has been released today (Friday 17 July) which shows the crimes recorded across all forces during the year April 2019 to March 2020 compared with the previous year.

And analysis of the data shows an increase in some offences recorded by Leicestershire Police including violence with injury offences; while in relation to other offences, including thefts, robberies and burglaries, there have been recorded decreases.

In 2019-20, there were 8,422 violence with injury offences recorded by Leicestershire Police, a 21% increase from the previous year. Analysis shows that the majority of these offences do relate to a low-level injury offence, for example a scratch or a bruise being caused. When put into context, this statistic equates to the equivalent of 7.7 offences of this nature being recorded for every 1,000 people in the force area. This is the lowest rate per 1,000 population across the regional forces.

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said: "Violent offences of any nature are, of course, completely unacceptable and our officers and staff continue to work tirelessly to tackle this. These offences recorded do also include attacks on officers themselves. Everyone who is living and working in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland should feel safe and protected and we continue to work for this.

"This includes acting on information we receive to investigate offences and bringing those that are causing harm in our communities to justice. We also continue to develop initiatives such as our Lives Not Knives campaign and the Violence Reduction Network, working with communities and partner agencies to fight this issue and to raise awareness of the impact which these crimes have."

Among the decreases shown in the data is a 15% decrease of residential burglaries recorded by Leicestershire Police in 2019-20 when compared to the previous year. A total of 4, 947 residential burglaries were recorded in 2019-20.

ACC Debenham said: "Again, while this decreasing figure could be seen as positive news, the volume of these offences is still completely unacceptable and we remain determined to continue and to continuously improve our work to keep our communities safe. This includes proactive patrols across the area, engaging with communities, carrying out full investigations into offences reported, providing crime prevention advice to residents and working with partner agencies."

The Police and Crime Commissioner, Lord Willy Bach, said that the figures were in-line with the regular performance reports provided to him throughout the year, adding that Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland has one of the lowest crime rates in the region.

He said: "These figures show that Leicestershire Police continue to work hard to keep crime down and communities' safe. Naturally, I am disappointed to see that the number of 'violence with injury' offences has risen, but it is important to stress that the injury concerned is often something very minor. There is no excuse for violence of any kind and I'm pleased that the work of the Violence Reduction Network, funded via my office, is moving forward strongly now. It won't change things over-night but I do believe that it will change things sustainably in the longer-term.

"These figures were achieved during a period of change as the force developed new operating models, recruited more officers thanks to both the budget and Operation Uplift. I think that had we not then had to address the challenges presented due to Covid-19 we would already be seeing a crime prevention approach paying dividends and more criminals arrested."

The past few months have seen a number of successful arrests, charges and convictions in court following dedicated investigations carried out by officers and staff. This is in addition to policing the force area in relation to the Covid-19 Health Safety Regulations including during the past few weeks when different regulations have been in force in different areas. Details of recent cases and convictions can be found here - https://www.leics.police.uk/news/

The figures released today provide one snapshot of crime data as crime patterns consistently change particularly during the past few months due to the change in circumstances in relation to Covid-19.

Leicestershire Police previously reported how reports of serious violent crime, domestic assaults, road traffic collisions and domestic burglaries in one week in April had all decreased when compared to the same week in 2019. Reports of anti-social behaviour and assaults on police officers had increased though. (https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/covid-19-this-easter-stay-home-and-save-lives/)

ACC Debenham added: "We are continually adapting to changing crime patterns. This has been especially evident during the past few months as circumstances have constantly changed due to the Health Protection Regulations in place.

"Our team continues to respond to these changes working to fulfil our duty preventing crime, protecting vulnerable people, dealing with those who cause most harm, bringing people to justice and working to continuously improve.

"Please continue to work with us by reporting incidents and concerns to us and by taking steps to keep yourselves and your property safe.

"You can report crime online at https://www.leics.police.uk/ro/report/ or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency. For crime prevention advice and tips visit https://www.leics.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/"
