```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Inspector Adam Archer starts his new role as Commander of Leicester City Centre.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Commander for City Neighbourhood Policing Area
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/new-commander-for-city-neighbourhood-policing-area/
publish:
  date: 08:00 01/07/2019
title: New Commander for City Neighbourhood Policing Area | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/new-commander-for-city-neighbourhood-policing-area/
```

A new inspector has been appointed for the City Neighbourhood Policing Area.

Inspector Adam Archer replaces outgoing Inspector Manjit Atwal from today (Monday 1 July), who takes up the post of Chief Inspector in the force's Serious Harm Reduction Unit.

Adam joined the force 11 years ago and has worked in many departments across Leicestershire Police including the Custody Suites, Patrol and Resolution Team, Prisoner Management Unit and as a Staff Officer supporting our Chief Officer Team.

He said: "I am incredibly proud to be taking on the role of Neighbourhood Policing Area Commander for Central Leicester. There is a real feeling of positivity here and I am very much looking forward to working with such a motivated and committed team of officers and staff, partner organisations and our diverse communities.

"I intend to build upon the excellent work of Inspector Atwal in forging a trusting and cohesive relationship between all parties, working for the benefit of the residents, businesses and visitors to our vibrant city centre."

Manjit said: "I have thoroughly enjoyed my time in the city, working with partners and businesses, including the night time economy. Through my engagement plan of Meet Your Inspector Events, I have met so many people from across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and further afield on visits to this wonderful city.

"I want to personally thank my team who have been magnificent and have supported our community well through engagement and proactive policing.

"I wish Inspector Adam Archer all the best and know he will be a great leader and support all the partnership work in the city as well as the team at Mansfield House."

Leicester's City Mayor Peter Soulsby said: "Manjit has been a wonderful partner for us at the city council and an inspirational leader to city centre based policing.

"We wish her well in her new role and look forward to working with Adam, who has already made links with us here at the council."
