```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A total of 123 Fixed Penalty Notices were issued by Leicestershire Police during the lockdown period from 5 November through to 1 December
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 100 fines issued by police for lockdown breaches
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/more-than-100-fines-issued-by-police-for-lockdown-breaches/
publish:
  date: 16:41 04/12/2020
title: More than 100 fines issued by police for lockdown breaches | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/more-than-100-fines-issued-by-police-for-lockdown-breaches/
```

A total of 123 Fixed Penalty Notices were issued by Leicestershire Police during the lockdown period from 5 November through to 1 December. The total value of all of the fines issued adds up to approximately £64,000.

During this period police received 1,934 reports of Covid breaches.

Four £10,000 fines were given out during this period to the following:

 * 29 November - three people, two from Leicester, one from Milton Keynes, given £10,000 fine for a house party on College Street in Leicester

 * 20 November - one person from Leicester given £10,000 fine for a house party on Beryl Avenue, Hinckley

The value of the fine is dependent on a number of factors including when the fine is paid and the number of offences committed - but can be up to £10,000.

During this lockdown period, along with our partners, police also visited 69 licensed premises.

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Debenham said: "Our officers and staff have been continuing to work hard to keep people safe in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland and I would like to thank everyone who has continued to work with us, adhering to Government guidelines and keeping yourselves and others safe.

"The city and Leicestershire are now in Tier Three of the Government's guidelines and we have entered it with hope as an approved vaccine has been announced. We have to be patient now and keep sticking to the rules. We are still coming across people who blatantly do disregard the rules, not caring who they might harm in the process. It is vital we listen and comply with the advice and regulations given to us to keep people and their livelihoods safe in this next phase of this pandemic.

"I am also particularly saddened to see that two more officers have been assaulted by people spitting in their faces or coughing. This will not be tolerated and there will be consequences for anyone who does this.

"All the police can ask the public to do is to follow rules that have been put in place for their own safety and the safety of their families. Please be patient as we move towards Christmas and continue to take part in protecting our communities."
