```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A push that led to the death of a 50-year-old man has today (Wednesday 7 October) resulted in the perpetrator pleading guilty at Leicester Crown Court.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester man pleads guilty to manslaughter
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/leicester-man-pleads-guilty-to-manslaughter/
publish:
  date: 15:29 07/10/2020
title: Leicester man pleads guilty to manslaughter | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/leicester-man-pleads-guilty-to-manslaughter/
```

A push that led to the death of a 50-year-old man has today (Wednesday 7 October) resulted in the perpetrator pleading guilty at Leicester Crown Court.

The victim, Jentilal Deugi, was involved in a disagreement with a group of men in Redcar Road, Leicester, on Sunday 31 May.

During the incident Mr Deugi was pushed to the ground and suffered a cardiac arrest. He subsequently died in hospital two days later.

The post-mortem examination revealed the victim died as a result of brain injury which led to a cardiac arrest.

Yashvant Pranlal was initially arrested on suspicion of Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) but following Mr Deugi's death he was re-arrested on suspicion of manslaughter and charged. He was also charged with perverting the course of justice.

Today, 22-year-old Pranlal, formerly of Green Lane Road, Leicester, pleaded guilty to manslaughter. The charge of perverting the course of justice was discontinued.

Pranlal will be sentenced on Friday 16 October.

Detective Inspector Jonathan Blockley from East Midlands Special Operations Unit Major Crime Team was the senior investigating officer. He said: "While we are pleased with today's plea, there are certainly no winners in this case. One family has lost their loved one and another will now face a considerable amount of time without their family member.

"One push led to the end of a life. My sympathies go to Mr Deugi's family, they have shown immense dignity throughout the investigation and this was in no way easy for them.

"We'd like to thank the local community for their help and support during the investigation. The incident took place in a busy area, witnessed by many people. The weight of the evidence has led to today's outcome, Pranlal had no choice but to plead guilty to manslaughter."
