```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Plans are in place for one of the busiest nights of the year for the force
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive patrols planned for New Year celebrations
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/proactive-patrols-planned-for-new-year-celebrations/
publish:
  date: 12:10 31/12/2019
title: Proactive patrols planned for New Year celebrations | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/proactive-patrols-planned-for-new-year-celebrations/
```

Officers will be carrying out proactive patrols across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland tonight as the New Year celebrations take place.

Over the past four months, Leicestershire Police has been planning ahead of what is one of the biggest nights of the year for the force.

With high demand expected, work has been ongoing to ensure a high number of officers and staff are providing proactive high visibility patrols and quick and effective responses to incidents throughout the area.

Superintendent Adam Slonecki speaks about the plans in place ahead of tonight's celebrations

This follows on from the past month during which Leicestershire Police has been giving an insight into the policing work which has been ongoing over the festive season while also encouraging safe and responsible drinking on nights out through social media messages. Posters with this message have also been distributed across the area including to pubs and clubs.

_**Messages encouraging responsible drinking have been issued**_

Superintendent Adam Slonecki said: "As 2020 approaches, we want to make sure the people of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland have fun seeing in the New Year and that they remember New Year's Eve for all the right reasons.

"We have spent months planning our policing work for this evening which is one of our busiest nights of the year for us. As we do all year-round, we have been working to ensure we have a large number of officers out and about across the whole county covering all areas of policing, providing high visibility patrols and quick and effective responses to incidents, therefore helping to keep you safe and helping you to feel safe.

"Whether you are out tonight or staying in to celebrate, please have fun and please have a great New year but please ensure you drink and act responsibly and - as we have been asking throughout the past month - please don't give yourself anything more than just a hangover.

"And, of course, thank you to all our officers and staff who are working this evening to look after our communities. I wish you all a safe and enjoyable Happy New Year and best wishes for 2020.
