```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: 12 arrests during County Lines crackdown
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 12 arrests during County Lines crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/12-arrests-during-county-lines-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 15:48 10/04/2019
title: 12 arrests during County Lines crackdown | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/12-arrests-during-county-lines-crackdown/
```

Twelve people have been arrested as part of a police operation targeting the sale and distribution of drugs.

Operation Lionheart aims to crackdown on County Lines activity which involves drugs being moved in and out of Leicestershire.

A total of 27 warrants have been carried out this morning (Wednesday 10 April) and yesterday, leading to 12 people being arrested.

Four have subsequently been charged with drugs offences and one with a public order offence.

Their arrests come after officers have spent significant time gathering information and evidence on people suspected of being involved in County Lines criminality.

Gangs and organised crime groups involved in County Lines activity use either dedicated mobile phone lines or a person as a ‘deal line’ to supply drugs to other areas of the county, often small towns.

They usually exploit children or vulnerable adults to move and store drugs and money and will use coercion, intimidation, violence (including sexual violence) and weapons.

As part of Operation Lionheart officers are appealing for communities across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to report any County Lines activity they suspect is happening in their area.

Chief Superintendent Adam Streets, head of Local Policing, said: “Drugs ruin lives and cause devastation to communities. We work closely with our partners and are committed to cracking down on those at the root of this type of criminality to ensure they are brought to justice, as well as safeguard anyone being exploited.

“Communities can help us in our efforts by reporting any concerns about the suspected sale and distribution of drugs in their area, no matter how small it may seem. Any details you have could be the missing piece of information we need to take action against people suspected of being involved in County Lines criminality.

“If you are unsure what to look for – there are a number of signs that indicate this type of activity is happening. We ask everyone to be aware of what they are so they can report it.”

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting incident 225 of 2 April.

For more information on County Lines, and how to spot the signs of it happening in your area, visit www.leics.police.uk/countylines
