```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Operation Lionheart Results \u2013 Tuesday and Wednesday"
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Operation Lionheart Results \u2013 Tuesday and Wednesday"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/operation-lionheart-results--tuesday-and-wednesday/
publish:
  date: 18:45 10/04/2019
title: "Operation Lionheart Results \u2013 Tuesday and Wednesday | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/operation-lionheart-results--tuesday-and-wednesday/
```

Issued on 10/4/19 at 6:45 p.m.

**Operation Lionheart**

Total warrants = 33

Total arrests = 13

Total people charged = 11

**Operation Lionheart - day 1 (Tuesday 9 April)**

A total of 10 people were arrested as part of Operation Lionheart, with five subsequently charged.

Tanzin Suka, 29, of Ottawa Road, Leicester, was charged on Tuesday 9 April with conspiracy to supply class A drugs between 25 November 2018 and 7 March 2019.

Elizabeth Nash, 42, of Burfield Street, Leicester, was charged on Tuesday 9 April with a section 5 public order offence.

Laura Blake, 35, of Peel Drive, Loughborough, was charged on Tuesday 9 April with five counts of supplying class A drugs and permit use of premises for the supply of class A drugs.

Bradley Barrett, 19, of Browning Road, Loughborough, was charged on Tuesday 9 April with three counts of supplying class A drugs, two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A and two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Dean Barham, 42, of Rowanberry Avenue, Leicester, was charged on Tuesday 9 April with six counts of supplying class A drugs, one count of offer to supply a class A drug, two counts of permitting the use of a premises for the supply of class A drugs.

**Operation Lionheart - day 2 (Wednesday 10 April), a total of three people were arrested and six number of people charged.**

Josh O'Neill, 23, of Millstone Lane, Syston, was arrested on Wednesday 10 April and charged with supply of class A drugs.

Louis Howard, 29, of no fixed address, Leicester, was arrested on Tuesday 9 April and charged on Wednesday 10 April with four counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, one count of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and two counts of possession of criminal property.

Josh Gunn, 18, of Browning Road, Loughborough, arrested on Tuesday 9 April and charged on Wednesday 10 April with 12 counts of supplying a class A drug and two counts of being concerned in the supply of a class A drug.

Dominic Hodges, 20, of Blake Drive, Loughborough, arrested on Tuesday 9 April and charged on Wednesday 10 April with 15 counts of supplying a class A drug.

Byron Pratt, 18, of Limehurst Avenue, Loughborough, arrested on Tuesday 9 April and charged on Wednesday 10 April with three counts of supplying class A drugs.

Tapiwa Chokufa, 24, of Peel Drive, Loughborough, arrested on Tuesday 9 April and charged on Wednesday 10 April with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs between 1 May 2018 and 1 March 2019.

A 23-year-old man, from Leicester, was arrested on Wednesday 10 April on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and remains in police custody.

A 16-year-old boy, from Leicester, was arrested Wednesday 10 April on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs. He remains in police custody.
