```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: This takes the total arrests to 16 in Operation Hatch
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further arrests made during police operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/further-arrests-made-during-police-operation/
publish:
  date: 15:10 11/05/2020
title: Further arrests made during police operation | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/may/further-arrests-made-during-police-operation/
```

A total of 16 arrests have been made during a week-long police operation in the Coalville, Ashby and Leicester areas following intelligence gathering on criminal activity in the areas.

Following work carried out and information received, warrants were obtained and enforcement activity was planned.

A total of 22 warrants were executed over four days last week as part of the planned enforcement, known as Operation Hatch.

Following the 16 arrests, a number of charges have also been made.

Arrests made on Monday during the operation were:

 * A 30-year-old man, of Coalville was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. He has since been released under investigation.
 * A 26-year-old man, of Leicester, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply. He has since been released under investigation.
 * A 41-year-old woman, of Ashby, was arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation. She has since been charged with the offence.

Arrests made on Tuesday during the operation were:

 * A 23-year-old man and an 18-year-old man, of Leicester, were arrested in connection with a non-stop collision in Belvoir Road in Coalville on Monday 13 April. Leicestershire Police have issued previous appeals in relation to the investigation. Both men have since been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent, and remanded into custody. This is addition to charges for other separate offences including drugs offences.
 * A 28-year-old man, of Coalville, was arrested under the Proceeds of Crime Act. He has since been released under investigation.
 * A 35-year-old man, of Leicester, and a 20-year-old man, of Coalville, were arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with intent to supply. The 35-year-old man has since been released on police bail and the 20-year-old man has been released under investigation.
 * A 29-year-old man, of Leicester was arrested and has since been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A and one count of possession to supply class B.
 * A 41-year-old man, of Coalville, was arrested on suspicion of sexual communication with a child. He has since been released under investigation.

Arrests made on Wednesday during the operation were:

 * A 32-year-old woman, of Coalville, was arrested on suspicion of theft. She has since been charged with two counts of theft.
 * A man and a woman, both aged 63, of Coalville, were both arrested on suspicion of drugs offences. They have since been released under investigation.

Arrests made on Thursday during the operation were:

 * A 40-year-old woman and a 33-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply. Both have since been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.
 * A 25-year-old man was arrested and has since been charged with two counts of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

Inspector Rich Jackson, NPA Commander for North West Leicestershire, said: "Officers from across force have worked together on this operation in order to gather information, obtain warrants and then carry out this enforcement activity. Investigations following these arrests will remain ongoing.

"This has involved a lot of commitment and dedication from all involved and my thanks go to them as well as to members of the community for working with us while the enforcement has been carried out.

"Anyone who has any information in relation to crime in their area should report it to us immediately. We will listen to you and we will take action."

You can report online at _www.leics.police.uk_ or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
