```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses to a road traffic collision which involved a marked police van yesterday.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following collision involving marked police van
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/appeal-following-collision-involving-marked-police-van/
publish:
  date: 15:00 19/03/2021
title: Appeal following collision involving marked police van | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/appeal-following-collision-involving-marked-police-van/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses to a road traffic collision which involved a marked police van yesterday.

The collision happened at around 10.20am yesterday (18 March) on the A47 King Richards Road close to the Westcotes United Reform church and involved a marked police van, which was responding to an emergency incident, and blue Subaru Impreza.

The passenger in the Subaru sustained serious injuries and remains in hospital in a stable condition. His injuries are described as not life threatening or life changing.

The driver of the Subaru was taken to the hospital for treatment to minor injuries and has since been discharged.

The two officers in the van were taken to hospital as a precaution.

Hinckley Road was closed at its junction with King Richards Road and Fosse Road Central while enquiries were carried out at the scene and has since been reopened.

Detective Sergeant Paul Hawkins, from the force's Serious Collision Investigation unit, said: "At the time of the collision, the police van was travelling county bound along the A47 while the Subaru was travelling along Henton Road crossing King Richards Road towards Hinckley Road in a city bound direction.

"I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or saw the vehicles beforehand and hasn't as yet spoken to police. Alternatively anyone who has any dash cam footage which captured something connected to this incident is also encouraged to get in touch."

After carrying out early enquiries into the collision, a mandatory referral has been now been made to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) and the force is awaiting a decision from them.

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting incident 175 of 18 March.
