```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "Volunteer Police Cadet Finley O\u2019Riordan has been named as Leicestershire Police\u2019s Cadet of the Year"
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Finley named as force&#39;s Cadet of the Year
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/finley-named-as-forces-cadet-of-the-year/
publish:
  date: 07:16 08/10/2019
title: Finley named as force&#39;s Cadet of the Year | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/finley-named-as-forces-cadet-of-the-year/
```

Volunteer Police Cadet Finley O'Riordan has been named as Leicestershire Police's Cadet of the Year due to his unwavering commitment to the force and its cadet scheme.

Finley joined Melton's Cadet Unit three years ago as he has aspirations to become a police officer when he reaches 18. Since then he's thrived as a police cadet and is always the first to help out, not only in his cadet sessions but at community events and initiatives supporting the force.

Finley, 17, attended the awards evening with his father, Dermot O'Riordan. After receiving the award, Finley said: "I am extremely proud to have been awarded the 'Saville Cadet of the Year Award' for 2019. It has been a privilege to serve as the High Sheriff Cadet for Rutland over the past year, a position that I am overjoyed to have held. I would like to thank my Cadet Leaders; William Ford, Helen, Harriet and Toby for nominating me and supporting me during my time as a cadet. I am so grateful that I have been so highly thought of by my Leaders.

"It was so nice to see so many people being awarded for their actions at the awards evening, I am very honoured to have been part of the occasion."

Finley was nominated by his Cadet Leader, PCSO Will Ford, who said: "I'm thrilled that Finley has received this award, he is certainly very worthy of the title. He puts his all into being a cadet and I can always rely on him to volunteer his time to help us, from supporting the younger cadets to doing knife sweeps and events around Melton. Community engagement is one of Finley's strengths and he's very confident, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the police. I have no doubts that one day he will make an excellent police officer."

Last year Finley's hard work was recognised as he was selected as the High Sheriff of Rutland's Cadet. He spent the year accompanying the High Sheriff to ceremonial and public events and supporting her in any means necessary.

Margaret Miles, the High Sheriff of Rutland, said: "Finley has been a first class Police cadet in every way. He is reliable and thoughtful, using his own initiative wisely. He is an excellent communicator with all age groups and is always fully engaged with every activity or occasion. It has been a real privilege to have Finley as my Police Cadet. I wish him all the very best for his chosen career with the Police."

Finley's award was sponsored by David, Anne and Jonathan Saville, who also sponsor the awards for 'Special of the Year', 'Volunteer of the Year' and 'Special Officer Team of the Year.

Melton Police's Inspector, Siobhan Gorman, said: "We are so proud of all that Finley has achieved as a Police Cadet. He's a real asset to Melton and to the force, and I look forward to following his future career with us. Well done Finley."

Police Cadet recruitment will open on 1 March 2020, and anybody interested is encouraged to visit the website: www.leics.police.uk/couldyou
