```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A football tournament organised by Leicestershire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner, Leicestershire County Council and Leicester City Football Club took place on Friday 1 November, to relaunch Premier League Kicks.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Young People celebrate Premier League Kicks programme relaunch in Charnwood
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/young-people-celebrate-premier-league-kicks-programme-relaunch-in-charnwood/
publish:
  date: 16:36 04/11/2019
title: Young People celebrate Premier League Kicks programme relaunch in Charnwood | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/young-people-celebrate-premier-league-kicks-programme-relaunch-in-charnwood/
```

A football tournament organised by Leicestershire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner, Leicestershire County Council and Leicester City Football Club took place on Friday 1 November, to relaunch Premier League Kicks.

Premier League Kicks gives young people access to free sports and football sessions and workshops, providing them with opportunities, support and pathways to achieve their full potential and to create stronger, safer and more inclusive communities.

Aimed at eight-to-18-year-olds, Kicks engages young people in positive activities through their passion for football, whilst also addressing topics covering everything from equality and inclusion to youth violence and knife crime.

Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, Nicky Morgan MP, and former Leicester City player Matt Piper joined the nine teams to show their support.

Nicky Morgan MP, said: "I think these kinds of initiatives are absolutely fantastic and I pay tribute to all clubs involved. There was a really good turnout because sport brings people together."

Matt Piper, said: "Premier League Kicks is a brilliant initiative. When I was a kid growing up in Leicester and I would have loved coming down to something like this.

"I'm proud to come from Leicester because it is a very inclusive city. There are lots of ethnicities, lots of young people have enjoyed playing football which is a really positive message."

Leicestershire Police Officer Darren Measures said: "This partnership based tournament is an excellent idea. It's so positive for the young people to be involved and for them to have such positive role models.

 "The winners received medals and other prizes were given out. There was so much for them to take away.

"Thank you to the Police and Crime Commissioner, Leicestershire County Council and Hinckley and Bosworth Council who have worked with Leicestershire Police to give the young people such a fulfilling focus.

"Thanks also to Heath Lane and Hinckley Academies for providing the football pitches and for Heath Lane staff for helping out on the night."
