```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The lorry was stolen from a premises in Cambridge Road on Monday 19 August
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Details of lorry stolen following Whetstone burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/details-of-lorry-stolen-released-following-burglary-in-whetstone/
publish:
  date: 11:23 28/08/2019
title: Details of lorry stolen following Whetstone burglary | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/details-of-lorry-stolen-released-following-burglary-in-whetstone/
```

Detectives investigating a burglary in Leicestershire have released further details about a lorry stolen - which was last seen in the West Midlands area.

The white IVECO cargo 7.5 ton lorry, which had the registration BV65 YMR, was stolen in the incident at a premises in Cambridge Road, Whetstone, during the early hours of last Monday morning (19 Aug).

A large number of shoes in various designs and in various branded shoeboxes were also stolen.

Officers were called to the premises in Cambridge Road at 3.25am last Monday following the incident. From enquiries, a number of masked men are reported to have entered the premises during the early hours of the morning and stole the lorry.

A man, who was in the premises at the time of the burglary, was taken against his will in a car. He was subsequently located in the West Midlands area where he reported to police and was found safe. He did not suffer serious injuries.

As part of ongoing enquiries, officers are working to locate the stolen vehicle which was last seen in the West Midlands area and are appealing to the public for help.

Detective Inspector Tim Lindley said: "We are carrying out full enquiries regarding the whereabouts of the vehicle which was last seen in the West Midlands area. We are appealing to anyone, including residents in both Leicestershire and the West Midlands area, who has any information about the vehicle to make contact.

"Have you seen the lorry described? Or have you seen a lorry parked up during the past week which looked out of place? Or have you seen items of footwear being offered for sale in the area which did not seem legitimate? If you have any information or have seen anything which you think could be related to this incident, I urge you to make contact."

During investigation, a large safe recovered by police in Blaby, Leicestershire, last Monday morning was found to have also been stolen in the burglary. The safe was found in Winchester Avenue by a member of the public and reported to police. It contained paperwork and a small amount of cash when found.

Enquiries remain ongoing into the items stolen from the safe.

Detective Inspector Lindley added: "We also continue to appeal to people in the area of Winchester Avenue who may have information regarding the safe which is of a large size. Did you see anyone in the area during the early hours of last Monday with it? Did you hear anything which caused you concern? Do you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area which could hold vital information?

"Anyone who has any information in relation to the burglary who has not yet made contact should also get in touch. If you believe you can help us in any way, then please make contact.

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting incident 58 of 19 August.
