```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Nathan Bloor, 27, was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court today (Wednesday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to more than 12 years imprisonment following stabbing and for class A drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-to-more-than-12-years-imprisonment-following-stabbing-and-for-class-a-drugs-offences/
publish:
  date: 16:08 24/03/2021
title: Man sentenced to more than 12 years imprisonment following stabbing and for class A drugs offences | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-to-more-than-12-years-imprisonment-following-stabbing-and-for-class-a-drugs-offences/
```

A man has been sentenced to more than 12 years imprisonment after being convicted of wounding with intent, possession of a knife and two counts of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

Nathan Bloor, 27, of Styon Road, Leicester, had been standing trial at Leicester Crown Court charged with wounding with intent and possession of a knife after a 25-year-man was stabbed in New Parks Way in January last year.

_**Nathan Bloor**_

The victim, who was known to Bloor, suffered puncture wounds to areas of his body including his back, arm and legs. He was taken to hospital following the incident before later being discharged.

Bloor had denied the offences but following a trial, on Monday (22 March) he was found guilty by a jury.

Prior to the trial, on 8 October last year, Bloor had pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply heroin and possession with intent to supply crack cocaine. These charges relate to a separate incident on 2 June 2020 when Bloor was in a car which was stopped by officers in the Dominion Road area of Leicester and drugs were found.

Today (Wednesday), at Leicester Crown Court, Bloor was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment for wounding with intent and two years' imprisonment for possession of a knife. The sentences are to be served concurrently.

Bloor was also sentenced to three years and four months imprisonment for the drugs offences. This is to be served consecutively.

The total sentence imposed was therefore one of 12 years and four months.

Police had been called to New Parks Way at 5.26pm on 5 January last year where the victim of the wounding offence was found with stab wound injuries.

Enquiries carried out identified that the victim had been in the area when a car carrying Bloor and others had braked hard near him and the victim heard his name being called. The victim described being in fear and running towards New Parks Way when he was confronted by a number of men.

One of these men was Bloor who was in possession of a kitchen knife which he used to stab the victim a number of times. The men were described as being angry and shouting at the victim.

The victim was able to grab hold of the knife, twisting it and causing it to snap. The broken knife was left at the scene and later recovered by officers.

The incident was witnessed by a number of passers-by and emergency services were called.

Detectives carried out extensive enquiries including CCTV and dashcam footage analysis, speaking to witnesses and forensic investigation.

Footage gained, along with witness accounts, identified Bloor as being responsible for the attack. Part of the DNA identified on the knife was also found to be Bloor's.

The drugs offences relate to an incident in Dominion Road on 2 June 2020 when Bloor was in a car which was stopped by police. Around 16g of heroin was found in the vehicle as well as around 16g of crack cocaine. The drugs were estimated to have a street value of £2,450.

Detective Constable Mike Archer said: "The victim of the wounding was attacked in the street during the late afternoon suffering a number of injuries and requiring hospital treatment. It is fact however that the incident could have led to far more devastating consequences because of the actions of Nathan Bloor.

"A number of members of public were also left in fear as they witnessed the attack happen in front of them.

"I would like to thank the witnesses in this case who bravely came forward and provided vital information helping us to reach a conviction in this investigation.

"Prior to his trial, Bloor had also pleaded guilty to possession of class A drugs with intent to supply following a car he was in being stopped by police and drugs being found. Sentencing for these offences was adjourned until the trial for the wounding offence had been heard."
