```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force is once again sponsoring the Emergency Services category of the Leicestershire Live Heroes Awards
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nominations sought for Emergency Services staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/nominations-sought-for-emergency-services-staff/
publish:
  date: 16:08 31/03/2020
title: Nominations sought for Emergency Services staff | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/nominations-sought-for-emergency-services-staff/
```

At a time when emergency services are being stretched to their limit, once again, nominations are being sought for the Leicestershire Live Heroes Awards 2020.

The awards, which are hosted by the Leicester Mercury, aim to celebrate the many acts of selflessness, kindness and commitment.

Leicestershire Police is sponsoring the Emergency Services category, while the overall awards are being sponsored by the Police and Crime Commissioner Lord Willy Bach.

Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "Never have we needed our emergency services more than now. Day in, day out, they are going the extra mile to protect our communities in order to keep people as safe as possible while continuing their other duties.

"They are working under extreme pressure in difficult and unprecedented circumstances while remaining calm and getting on with the job. I'm extremely proud of the way officers and staff are conducting themselves.

"These awards give us the chance to acknowledge all that they do as well as other emergency service staff operating in hospitals, care homes, fire and the ambulance service.

"If you know a deserving person, whether a colleague, neighbour, friend or relative, I'd encourage you to nominate them to say a well-deserved thank you."

The closing date for nominations is Wednesday 22 July.

A shortlist of nominees will be invited to attend a special awards ceremony at Leicester City Football Club's King Power Stadium on Tuesday 8 September.

Lord Willy Bach added: "I support these awards because they give us the chance to recognise so many people who give up their time to make a difference and develop safer, compassionate and supportive communities.

"Leicestershire's emergency services do a marvellous job, as shown in the series of major incidents they've dealt with over the last year, not least the current emergency situation. We value and appreciate all their hard work and I am grateful these awards give us all the opportunity to give them the credit they deserve.

"Please, if you know of someone who deserves to be nominated, don't hesitate, get your nominations in."

To submit a nomination form visit www.leicestershireliveheroes.co.uk and click on Enter Now.
