```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Curtis Moyse appeared at Leicester Crown Court today (Wednesday 6 November), where he pleaded guilty to murder. He pleaded guilty previously to rape and reckless arson.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Mere Road murder: Man sentenced after admitting murdering Leah Fray'
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/mere-road-murder-man-sentenced-after-admitting-murdering-leah-fray/
publish:
  date: 18:42 06/11/2019
title: 'Mere Road murder: Man sentenced after admitting murdering Leah Fray | Leicestershire Police'
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/november/mere-road-murder-man-sentenced-after-admitting-murdering-leah-fray/
```

An 18-year-old man has been sentenced after admitting murdering Leah Fray - after fingerprints found on a bottle of acetone led police to him.

Curtis Moyse appeared at Leicester Crown Court today (Wednesday 6 November), where he pleaded guilty to murder. He pleaded guilty previously to rape and reckless arson.

For the murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment and ordered to serve a minimum of 20 years, 10 months before he will be considered eligible for parole.

He was also given 12 years for rape and four years for arson. All three sentences will run at the same time.

Moyse, formerly of Avonside Drive, Leicester committed his crimes on the morning of Easter Sunday (21 April) this year at Leah's flat in Mere Road.

Police were called to the address by Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service shortly after 7am following a report of a fire in the flat. The body of Leah, 27, was found inside.

Moyse was arrested at his home address on 25 April after his fingerprints were found on a bottle of acetone left at the scene. The substance was used by Moyse as an accelerant.

Detective Chief Inspector Michelle Keen, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: "This was a horrific and brutal murder of a young woman who had her whole life ahead of her.

"Extensive and detailed forensic examination identified Moyse fingerprints on a bottle of acetone left Leah's flat. We were able to use these to identify Moyse and place him at the scene. Officers were then able to identify him as someone seen on CCTV leaving the block of flats before emergency services arrived.

"By pleading guilty today, Moyse has at least accepted his actions. I hope Leah's family can take some comfort from the fact they will not have to hear of her final moments in what would have been a difficult and emotional trial.

"My deepest condolences remain with them at this time."

• A 56-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder was released with no further action.

Curtis Moyse
