```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Nearly 30 catalytic converters were also stolen during Operation Yukata
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 20 vehicles recovered during three-month proactive operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/more-than-20-vehicles-recovered-during-three-month-proactive-operation/
publish:
  date: 16:10 08/12/2020
title: More than 20 vehicles recovered during three-month proactive operation | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/december/more-than-20-vehicles-recovered-during-three-month-proactive-operation/
```

A three-month proactive operation in and around Lutterworth has resulted in more than 20 vehicles and nearly 30 catalytic converters being recovered.

Operation Yukata, which ran between September and November, was implemented as part of ongoing efforts to target vehicle-related crime in the area.

During the operation, officers from the Harborough and Wigston Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA) were supported by colleagues from the Tactical Support Team (TST) and Roads Policing Unit (RPU). A heavy police presence was maintained around Lutterworth both to deter offenders and provide a quick response to any live reports.

Over the period the operation was running, 115 fewer reports of theft were received - as well as 67 fewer crimes overall - compared to the same three-month spell in 2019.

During the operation:

 * 27 catalytic converters believed to be stolen were recovered
 * 24 vehicles were recovered
 * 19 people were dealt with for traffic-related offences
 * Four stolen registration plates were recovered
 * One stolen trailer was recovered

Eight people were arrested and one person was dealt with for breach of court bail.

_**Vehicles and catalytic converters were recovered during Operation Yukata**_

Sergeant Ryan Coleman, from the Harborough and Wigston NPA, covers the Lutterworth beat. He said: "Op Yukata is just part of our ongoing work to identify and disrupt criminal activity in the area.

"I am extremely pleased that officers were able to recover more than 24 vehicles - and nearly 30 catalytic converters which were taken for their scrap value.

"The operation was a great example of teams from across the force working together to combat crime and I hope the outcome will provide some reassurance to our local communities.

"I would ask that people continue to remain vigilant and report any concerns or issues to us. You can also sign up to our police alert and messaging system - Neighbourhood Link - by visiting www.neighbourhoodlink.co.uk

"Once registered you will receive monthly updates on your local teams and what more in depth information about their activities. You can also complete our survey and tell us what matters to you, this directly influences what your local teams do on a day-to-day basis."
