```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Daniel Hatherley was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court yesterday
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/11.-november/daniel-hatherley.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester man jailed for unprovoked attacks
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/leicester-man-jailed-for-unprovoked-attacks/
publish:
  date: 15:19 25/11/2020
title: Leicester man jailed for unprovoked attacks | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/leicester-man-jailed-for-unprovoked-attacks/
```

A man who carried out two unprovoked attacks in Leicester over the summer has been jailed.

Twenty-seven-year-old Daniel Hatherley was sentenced to three years and nine months at the city's crown court yesterday (Tuesday 24 November) after pleading guilty to one count of causing grievous bodily harm, one count of causing actual bodily harm, one count of attempted robbery and one count of possession of an offensive weapon.

The offences relate to two separate incidents on the morning of Sunday 26 July.

Shortly after 4am Hatherley approached a man in Tudor Road, Leicester and demanded money from him. When the victim said he had no cash on him, Hatherley threatened him with a knife. The pair grappled and the victim was able to take the knife before running off from the scene. He suffered a cut to his hand during the altercation.

A short time later, Hatherley - of Vernon Road, Leicester - confronted two other men in Beatrice Road, taking a glass bottle from a bag he was carrying. He struck one of the men to the head before leaving the scene.

Shortly after 5.15am that morning, Hatherley called the East Midlands Ambulance Service to report he had been the victim of an assault. Officers attended his address and became suspicious of the amount of blood on his clothing - which seemed excessive in comparison to the small cut to his head for which he was being treated.

Hatherley then told police he had been involved in a fight. He was subsequently arrested in connection with both incidents.

_**Daniel Hatherley**_

Detective Sergeant Sian Harris-Ley was the investigating officer. She said: "Hatherley is a violent and dangerous individual - and the fact he carried out these attacks proves that.

"He didn't know either of the victims and both incidents were completely unprovoked.

"One of the victims a significant injury to his hand, which required surgery to repair the tendons and nerves."

"I am pleased he has admitted his crimes and hope the victims can take some relief from the fact he is now left to deal with the consequences of his actions by serving a period of imprisonment."
