```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Shane Astill was sentenced at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for man who poured bleach on woman
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/jail-for-man-who-poured-bleach-on-woman/
publish:
  date: 13:30 12/08/2020
title: Jail for man who poured bleach on woman | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/august/jail-for-man-who-poured-bleach-on-woman/
```

A man who attacked a woman - pouring bleach on her head - has been jailed.

Shane Astill was sentenced to three years and four months for the incident, which happened on 14 January this year.

He was also given a five-year restraining order, forbidding him from contacting the victim.

The 33-year-old pleaded guilty to one count of administering a noxious substance when he appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 11 August).

The victim, who knows Astill, was walking along Bishopdale Road - in the Beaumont Leys are of Leicester - when she saw him and he began walking behind her. Concerned for her welfare, she dialled 999 and told a call handler she was being followed.

While she was on the phone to police, Astill grabbed her and poured a liquid on her head. She immediately believed it to be bleach due to the strong smell.

When officers arrived they helped to wash the bleach from the victim's face and she suffered no serious injuries as a result of the attack.

Yesterday Astill, of no fixed address, also pleaded guilty to one count of threatening to take revenge, which involved the same victim on 7 January.

That day, he went to the victim's home address - also in Beaumont Leys - where he made verbal threats to stab her. The victim reported the incident to police.

**_Shane Astill_**

Detective Constable Anna Thorpe was the investigating officer. She said: "This was a horrific, deliberate and targeted attack which could have caused serious injury to the victim. Thankfully officers were quick to her aid and were able to wash the bleach off.

"Astill is a dangerous individual who knew what he was doing - he waited for her and wanted to harm her in a way that would have a lasting impact.

"I am pleased both that he admitted his crimes and that he's now serving a custodial sentence. I hope both the victim in this case and the local community can take some reassurance from the fact he's behind bars.

"I would like to thank the victim in the case who showed a great deal of bravery both at the time of the incident and during the investigation and provided information that allowed us to bring Astill to justice."
