```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Martin Roberts committed the offences in Leicester on various occasions between 1973 and 1992.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 16 year sentence for man who sexually abused girls more than 40 years ago
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/16-year-sentence-for-man-who-sexually-abused-girls-more-than-40-years-ago/
publish:
  date: 11:43 05/02/2021
title: 16 year sentence for man who sexually abused girls more than 40 years ago | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/16-year-sentence-for-man-who-sexually-abused-girls-more-than-40-years-ago/
```

A man who sexually abused two women when they were just young girls has today been jailed for his crimes.

Martin Roberts committed the offences in Leicester on various occasions between 1973 and 1992.

In 2018, both victims reported matters to police and an investigation began.

Today (Friday 5 February), at Leicester Crown Court, 70-year-old Roberts was sentenced to 16 years imprisonment

Yesterday, following a trial, he was found guilty of:

• Eight counts of indecent assault, four counts of indecency with a child, two counts of rape and two counts of attempted rape involving the first victim
• Seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of indecency with a child involving the second victim

Roberts, of Oxford Street, Leicester, was reported to police after both victims - who had lost contact with one another - reconnected on social media. They spoke to one another about the abuse they had suffered and provided statements.

Detective Constable Anna Blockley, the investigating officer, said: "Roberts began abusing the first victim almost 50 years ago.

"Taking into account the abuse he inflicted upon his second victim, his horrific crimes occurred over a period of almost 20 years.

"Both victims spoke to and confided in one another and provided detailed accounts about the abuse they suffered - something which is never easy for any victim of sexual abuse to do.

"But, their information greatly assisted our investigation and we were able to charge Roberts with offences that happened decades previously.

"I hope the fact he has finally been jailed for his crimes will provide a degree of comfort to the victims - and also remind anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse that it is never too late to speak out."

• There are a number of different agencies who are able to offer independent help and support to victims of sexual offences in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland

• Further information on these services and details on who to contact if you have been a victim of a sexual offence can be found by visiting http://leics.police.uk
