```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Ten people have been arrested after an operation to target those who cause the most harm in our communities.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation in West Leicester results in 10 arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/operation-in-west-leicester-results-in-10-arrests/
publish:
  date: 14:42 23/10/2020
title: Operation in West Leicester results in 10 arrests | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/operation-in-west-leicester-results-in-10-arrests/
```

Ten people have been arrested after an operation to target those who cause the most harm in our communities.

Yesterday (Thursday 22 October) officers from the West Leicester Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA), supported by colleagues from road policing, carried out the operation across the area.

During the eight hours of the operation 10 people were arrested on suspicion of various offences including the theft of catalytic converters, drink driving, possession of controlled drugs, theft of a motor vehicle and traffic offences.

Two of those arrests were as a result of officers carrying out stop checks; a 45-year-old man was wanted for a burglary and he remains in police custody. A 22-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and released pending further enquiries.

Five men were arrested on suspicion of the theft of catalytic converters. Three aged 24, 25 and 49 remain in custody and two aged 28 and 39 have since been released pending further enquiries.

A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and the theft of a motorbike from Warwickshire. He has since been released pending further enquiries.

A 24-year-old man was arrested for traffic offences, no insurance and possession of cannabis. He has been released pending further investigations.

A 38-year-old woman was arrested in Braunstone Lane on suspicion of drink driving. She was subsequently charged with the offence.

Inspector Rob Randell of the West Leicester NPA, said: "This action was part of a series of operations which have been carried across the city since the summer. Yesterday's operation was a result of concerns raised by the local community about crime and disorder in the area. We have acted on those concerns and would continue to encourage people to report of information regarding criminal gangs and the criminal use of motorbikes across the west area. Everything you tell us ensures we prioritise the crimes that cause our community the most concern."

Anyone with any information about crime in their area is encouraged to report their concerns online at www.leics.police.uk
