```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Four men were sentenced at Leicester Crown Court today (Thursday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Armed robbers sentenced to 37 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/armed-robbers-sentenced-to-37-years/
publish:
  date: 14:42 23/05/2019
title: Armed robbers sentenced to 37 years | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/armed-robbers-sentenced-to-37-years/
```

Four armed robbers who were found by police just hours after committing their crime have been jailed for more than 35 years.

The group - Aiden Rudock, Grant Samuel, Orrin Stevenson and Timothy Wardrop - were sentenced at Leicester Crown Court today (Thursday 23 May).

 * Rudock, 18, of Gloster Close, Lutterworth, was sentenced to a total of nine years
 * Samuel, 22, of no fixed address, was sentenced to a total of nine years
 * Stevenson, 24, of Trent Road, Hinckley, was sentenced a total of nine years
 * Wardrop, 22, of no fixed address, was sentenced to a total of 10 years

All four pleaded guilty to one count of robbery at the same court on 24 April.

Stevenson also admitted one count of possession of an imitation firearm. He received a three-year custodial sentence for this offence, which will be served concurrently.

Wardrop was sentenced to nine years for robbery as well as a further 12 months for unrelated matters, which will be served consecutively.

On the morning of 25 January, the group went into a jewellers in Market Place, Hinckley, where they threatened two members of staff with machetes and what was believed to be a double-barrelled shotgun.

They stole jewellery worth between £70,000 and £80,000 before making off from the scene - but were found by police just hours later. The double-barrelled shotgun was never recovered.

Detective Constable Jack Thomas, from Leicestershire Police's Complex crime team, was the investigating officer.

He said: "All four men committed a serious crime in the hope of making a quick financial gain - but thanks to staff and members of the public, they were arrested just a short time later.

"I hope the fact that they have been brought to justice - and have today received substantial custodial sentences - will act as a deterrent to other would-be criminals.

"Rudock, Samuel, Stevenson and Wardrop are now facing a lengthy sentence behind bars where they will hopefully reflect on the severity of their actions."
