```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police have been working with partner agencies carrying out routine visits at workplaces and factories in Leicester following concerns raised about the operation of some businesses
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Routine visits carried out at Leicester factories
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/routine-visits-carried-out-at-leicester-factories/
publish:
  date: 17:40 03/07/2020
title: Routine visits carried out at Leicester factories | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/routine-visits-carried-out-at-leicester-factories/
```

Leicestershire Police have been working with partner agencies carrying out routine visits at workplaces and factories in Leicester following concerns raised about the operation of some businesses.

During the past week, there have been a number of media reports of allegations in relation to the way some businesses in the city have been or are currently operating during the lockdown.

As part of continuing work to ensure the health and safety of workers across the city, officers from Leicestershire Police along with representatives from Leicester City Council, National Crime Agency, Health and Safety Executive, Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority, Immigration enforcement, Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service paid a routine visit at nine workplace premises in Leicester today (Friday).

_**One of the routine visits taking place**_

No enforcement was used during the visits and they were carried out to engage with the business owners and discuss concerns raised.

During these visits, representatives from the agencies involved spoke with business owners and workers to discuss the concerns and give advice on ensuring continuing health and safety at work.

Further routine visits will be made over the coming weeks.

No closure orders have been made today.

One person was detained during the visits today in relation to immigration matters.

Detective Inspector Jenni Heggs said: "We are aware of recent reports in the media of factories in Leicester continuing their operational work despite being in a period of lockdown.

"We have been working with partners sharing information to carry out these visits which we will continue to do going forward.

"We have been engaging with business owners and workers, discussing health and safety matters and giving advice. This is to ensure the health and safety of people who are working in the city.

"We want to remind all businesses to ensure they are following employment law and ensuring the health and safety of their employees."

Employers can access support via the Health and Safety Executive website at HSE.gov.uk or by calling 0300 790 6787. Lines are are open Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5pm.
