```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Details on ten additional people charged as part of the operation
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Lionheart - update for Friday 19 April
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/operation-lionheart---update-for-friday-19-april/
publish:
  date: 10:10 19/04/2019
title: Operation Lionheart - update for Friday 19 April | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/operation-lionheart---update-for-friday-19-april/
```

**Operation Lionheart results**

Total warrants = 90

Total arrests = 55

Total people charged = 51

**Operation Lionheart - update - Friday 19 April**

**Charges**

Charles Wallis, 56, of Moira Street, Loughborough, has been charged with three counts of supplying a class A drug, on 4 June 2018, 1 September 2018 and 18 October 2018. He has also been charged with permitting the use of a premises for supplying class A drugs between 1 June 2018 and 13 November 2018.

Susan Moon, 49, of Moira Street, Loughborough, has been charged with one count of supplying a class A on 24 September 2018 and permitting the use of premises for supplying class A drugs between 1 June 2018 and 13 November 2018. She was also charged with failing to attend an initial assessment to establish whether she was dependent upon or misused a class A drug on 7 March 2019.

John Moon, 47, of Pinfold Gate, Loughborough, has been charged with one count of supplying a class A drug on 26 October 2018.

William Hamilton, 48, of Rutland Street, Loughborough, has been charged with two counts of supplying a class A drug on 27 November 2018.

Scott Smith, 37, of Marshalls Court, Loughborough, has been charged with four counts of supplying a class A drug on 2 September 2018, 5 September 2018, 12 November 2018 and 13 November 2018.

Abdul Kalique, 39, of Good Yards Close, Loughborough, has been charged with two counts of supplying a class A drug on 26 September 2018.

Lyndsey Partridge, 33, of Good Yards Close, Loughborough, has been charged with two counts of supplying a class A drug on 25 September 2018 and two counts of possession with intent to supply a class A drug on 25 September 2018.

Jordan Raybone, 22, of Victoria Street, Loughborough, has been charged with four counts of supplying a class A drug - two counts on 13 August 2018 and two counts on 15 August 2018. He has also been charged with one count of possession with intent to supply a class B drug on 17 April 2019.

Jason Barefoot, 42, of Victoria Street, Loughborough, has been charged with one count of supplying a class A drug on 19 July 2018.

A 17-year-old, from Loughborough, who can't be named for legal reasons has been charged with two counts of supplying a class A drug on 17 August 2018, one count of possession with intent to supply a class A drug on 17 April 2019 and one count of possession with intent to supply a class B drug on 17 April 2019.
