```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Eight officers take on London marathon
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Marathon effort from officers and staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/marathon-effort-from-officers-and-staff/
publish:
  date: 16:00 29/04/2019
title: Marathon effort from officers and staff | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/marathon-effort-from-officers-and-staff/
```

Eight Leicestershire Police officers took part in yesterday's 39th Virgin London Marathon.

Eight police officers and staff members took part in the 39th Virgin London Marathon yesterday (Sunday 28 April).

Our brave runners joined more than 40,000 others to take in the sights of London, whilst tackling the formidable 26.2 running challenge.

Among those taking part were: PCs Robert Rollings, Roseanna Cockerill, Sharon Roscoe and Stephen Johnson, contact management's Scott Linnett, HQ Catering Manager Phil Woods, Detective Superintendent Paul McKinder and Inspector Nicky Preston.

Phil, who was running his 14th consecutive marathon admitted that it would likely be his last, he said: "That's it for me, 14 was a good effort, but I think my body is now telling me to stop.

"It was a fantastic day and I saw lots of familiar faces in the crowd, which was great. I recorded a time of three hours 37 minutes which I was pleased with and a good time to bow out on."

Scott who was running for the charity Missing People, said: "What an amazing day! I never thought I would say it, but I think I have a bit of a marathon bug now. I've already entered the ballot for next year where I will be hoping to beat my time of 3 hours 41 minutes and 28 seconds.

"I'm aching a bit today. I'll take a week off from exercise, before doing some gentle runs, I'll then get back into a proper plan ahead of my second ever marathon in Leicester in October."

Robert, who ran for the same cause, added: "My time was four hours and 22 minutes. It was a great day and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a massive challenge but the spirit of London got me through."

Roseanna managed to pull through despite picking up an injury half way round, she said: "It was an amazing day, everyone on the side shouts your name which really does help to keep you going. I decided that I was going to take it all in so I didn't actually listen to any music as I went round.

"I picked up an injury to my iliotibial (IT) band, which was really frustrating, but the St John's Ambulance medics were great and gave me the treatment that enabled me to get all the way round."

Congratulations to everyone who took part, a brilliant effort from all. You can still donate to all of our wonderful officers and staff members worthy charitable causes, all pages can be found below:

Contact Management Department: Scott Linnett, Missing People Charity

Detective Superintendent: Paul McKinder, Children with Cancer UK

Inspector: Nicky Preston, 'Headway'

PC: Robert Rollings, Missing People Charity

PC: Roseanna Cockerill, Wishes 4 Kids

PC: Sharon Roscoe, Air Ambulance

PC: Stephen Johnson, Caudwell Children Charity

Procurement & Support Services Catering: Phil Woods, 'Contact'
