```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Nathan Crewe has been jailed for six years and nine months
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested near scene of incident following police response
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/man-arrested-near-scene-of-incident-following-police-response/
publish:
  date: 13:11 03/12/2019
title: Man arrested near scene of incident following police response | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/man-arrested-near-scene-of-incident-following-police-response/
```

Investigative work at the scene of a stabbing led to the offender being arrested 15 minutes after police were informed.

Officers were called to Broad Street in Coalville at around 2.50am on Sunday 13 October by the ambulance service following a report that a man had suffered from multiple stab wounds.

The victim, who is in his 40s, also reported that a van had been driven towards him prior to the incident. The vehicle had not made contact with him.

The injured man was taken to the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham where he received treatment before later being discharged.

Officers responding to the incident during the early hours of 13 October carried out initial CCTV enquiries which led to a description of the suspect being circulated. An officer at the scene then spotted a man in the area matching the description.

Following enquiries the suspect, Nathan Crewe, was arrested and later charged.

On Friday (29 November), the 31-year-old, of Parry Street, Leicester, appeared at court where he pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to cause GBH, possession of an offensive weapon, dangerous driving and driving while disqualified.

He was sentenced to a total of six years and nine months imprisonment. He was also disqualified from driving for four years and four months.

The victim of the incident reported he had been in a club when a man had approached him in an aggressive manner. The victim had walked away to another area of the club.

When the victim later left the club, he reported seeing a van mounting the pavement and being driven towards him. The vehicle did not make contact with him. He saw the van was being driven by the same man he had seen in the club.

The driver of the van then got out. The next thing the victim remembered was being on the ground and feeling pain. The man then left the area. The victim recalled flagging down a taxi before then being in the back of an ambulance. He had suffered stab wounds to his leg, buttock and abdomen.

An officer at the scene arrested Crewe and found keys on him. The van was also recovered from the area where a knife was found inside the vehicle as well as blood inside the vehicle.

Officer in the case, Detective Constable Krupa Mistry said: "It is extremely fortunate that the consequences of this incident were not far more serious.

"The quick response of officers to the scene led to the defendant being quickly detained at the scene. Investigative work which then followed has led to guilty pleas being made.

"My thanks go to all of the team involved in this case and my thoughts remain with the victim as he continues in his recovery."
