```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Audrey Danvers takes over the newly created Neighbourhood Policing Area
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force welcomes new Commander in Melton and Rutland
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/force-welcomes-new-commander-in-melton-and-rutland/
publish:
  date: 11:07 10/03/2020
title: Force welcomes new Commander in Melton and Rutland | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/force-welcomes-new-commander-in-melton-and-rutland/
```

A new inspector is set to take over the helm in Melton and Rutland for Leicestershire Police.

Audrey Danvers takes over the newly created Neighbourhood Policing Area (NPA), which has seen Eastern Counties (covering Melton, Rutland and Harborough), split into two. Harborough will now be policed alongside Wigston under the command of Inspector Siobhan Gorman.

The changes are part of a new policing model which comes into effect tomorrow (11 March), taking the total number of NPAs from eight to nine.

Other changes include the creation of a new role of Neighbourhood Patrol Officer which will carry out both response and investigative duties and the establishment of co-located CID offices in each area led by a Detective Inspector.

The changes will see more locally-based officers, meaning quicker response times, better local knowledge and more resilience and capability in neighbourhoods.

Inspector Danvers joined Leicestershire Police nearly 24 years ago having completed a Master's degree in Criminology and Criminal Justice at Loughborough University.

She has covered multiple roles across the force from Sergeant to Patrol and Resolution Inspector to Triage Sergeant and Staff Officer and said her experience should "stand her in good stead" for her new role.

"The changes will provide even greater local focus on policing our neighbourhoods, making us more receptive and responsive to the challenges happening on our doorsteps," she said.

"I'm very much looking forward to getting out into the community and speaking to people about what their priorities are for policing. My previous roles have been in both the city and rural communities in Leicestershire and I know that only by engaging and working with others can we deliver on these.

"I've already met a number of key partners and I follow in the highly experienced footsteps of Siobhan Gorman who has done a great job."

Detective Inspector Dan Granger will oversee CID in the area.
