```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Jamie Day and Michael Hirons jailed.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/09.-september/day--hirons-2.png?crop=(0,10,620,336)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for Earl Shilton burglars
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/jail-for-earl-shilton-burglars/
publish:
  date: 12:48 03/09/2020
title: Jail for Earl Shilton burglars | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/jail-for-earl-shilton-burglars/
```

The swift response by officers and a detailed investigation by detectives has led the arrest of two burglars who have pleaded guilty and been sent to prison.

Jamie Lee Day, 32, of Gwendoline Avenue, Hinckley and Michael James Hirons, 33, of Candle Lane, Earl Shilton appeared at Leicester Crown Court where they both pleaded guilty to burglary and two counts of actual bodily harm.

On 2 September, they were each sentenced to two years and four months in prison.

Overnight between Tuesday 14 and Wednesday 15 July, unknown burglars broke into a garage of a property in Hinckley Road, Earl Shilton and stole some alcohol and food.

Believing that the property may be targeted again, the victims installed a motion sensor doorbell.

At around 6am the next day (Thursday 16 July), the occupants received a notification from the system that there was movement outside. When they went to investigate they heard noises from inside the garage and shortly after Day and Hirons came out from inside.

The two men were challenged by the occupants which resulted in a scuffle taking place and Day and Hirons arming themselves with pieces of slate and tiles that were on the ground.

One of the occupants was struck over the head with a tile while the other sustained a cut to his finger after he was slashed with a piece of slate. Neither men sustained serious injuries.

The defendants left the address on foot and officers who had arrived at the scene in minutes noticed the men walking nearby. Day was detained after a short foot chase while Hirons managed to make off. He was later arrested that same day at his home address.

An investigation by local CID officers which examined recovered CCTV footage, mobile phone footage and the doorbell footage, lead to Day and Hirons being charged with burglary and assault.

Detective Inspector Emma Matts, from Hinckley CID, said: "This is a great example of team work between the neighbourhood officers who attended the initial incident and the investigation by detectives. The effects of both teams saw the initial arrest of the defendants and the gathering of crucial evidence to charge them and put them before the courts.

"The fact that Day and Hirons armed themselves with whatever they could find shows the length they went to escape. Thankfully neither men assaulted was serious injured. Their guilty pleas demonstrates the volume of evidence against them and that they had little option but to accept their crimes and face a period of time in prison."
