```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Liam O&#39;Brien pleaded guilty to three offences at court yesterday (Monday)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Loughborough man sentenced to five years for robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/loughborough-man-sentenced-to-five-years-for-robbery/
publish:
  date: 14:00 19/01/2021
title: Loughborough man sentenced to five years for robbery | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/loughborough-man-sentenced-to-five-years-for-robbery/
```

A man who forced his way into an address in Thringstone, subsequently threatening the occupants with a knife, has been jailed for five years.

On 9 July last year, 29-year-old Liam O'Brien forced his way into a property in Loughborough Road, Thringstone, carrying a knife. He began making threats towards them, punching one of the victims.

Outside the property, he threatened one of the occupants with the knife, lunging forward in an attempt to stab him.

O'Brien then left the address with two other men who had entered the property with him. After they had gone, one of the victims realised both his mobile phone and wallet had been taken.

An investigation began and on 13 July officers visited an address in Alan Moss Road in Loughborough to arrest a woman wanted by police. On arrival, it was found that O'Brien - who was also wanted - was inside.

O'Brien, of Waterside Close, Loughborough, told police he was in possession of a firearm and tried to escape by claiming down a drainpipe - but was detained in a nearby garden.

Yesterday (Monday 18 January) at Leicester Crown Court, he pleaded guilty to robbery, affray and possession of a knife blade/sharp pointed article in a public place.

_**Liam O'Brien**_

Detective Constable Nick Robbins was the officer in the case. He said: "Two of the victims in this case were threatened in their own home - a place where anyone is entitled to feel safe.

"While O'Brien tried to flee from police when an attempt was made to arrest him, I am pleased he has taken a degree of responsibility for his actions.

"He is now serving a custodial sentence and I hope the local community can take some reassurance from this."

• Two other men were arrested in connection with this incident and later released with no further action
