```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: "This week, some of our officers and staff are sharing their stories of what the past 12 months has meant for them \u2013 both professionally and personally \u2013 as they have continued to work in their roles throughout a global pandemic.\nToday two officers who work in the city centre are sharing their stories. Here Police Community Support Officer Rebecca Sanders gives an insight into policing in the city centre during the past year."
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'A year of policing during Covid-19: Police Community Support Officer Rebecca Sanders'
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/a-year-of-policing-during-covid-19-police-community-support-officer-rebecca-sanders/
publish:
  date: 14:19 25/03/2021
title: 'A year of policing during Covid-19: Police Community Support Officer Rebecca Sanders | Leicestershire Police'
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/march/a-year-of-policing-during-covid-19-police-community-support-officer-rebecca-sanders/
```

**This week, some of our officers and staff are sharing their stories of what the past 12 months has meant for them - both professionally and personally - as they have continued to work in their roles throughout a global pandemic.**

**Today two officers who work in the city centre are sharing their stories. Here Police Community Support Officer Rebecca Sanders gives an insight into policing in the city centre during the past year.**

****

I can't believe it's been a year in lockdown. I specifically remember walking out of the station into the city centre on those first few days and all of a sudden my job was different. I was no longer doing crime prevention stalls or using the Beat Bus but rather asking people to go home.

I remember people asking me "when is it going to end?" like I had some insider knowledge but the truth is we hadn't. We were in exactly the same boat as everyone else other than being allowed to go to work. I used to tell people "don't worry it'll soon be Christmas and this will be over". Well Christmas came and Christmas went and we were allowed to see family for one day.

It has been difficult. As a policing family, we have had colleagues and ourselves isolate due to Covid. We haven't been able to see most of our family members so many of us, including myself, have had to rely on our police family so much.

_**"Our daily practices have changed massively including wearing PPE pretty much all the time"**_

We have all pulled together, the food crisis standing out for me. I remember trying to do a family shop for six people at the beginning of the pandemic. Put it this way I had to get very inventive with meals for a few weeks. Queueing outside supermarkets was a whole new experience as well as the empty streets of Leicester.

We have faced challenge after challenge within Leicester city from having different lockdown rules to everywhere else to having to deal with serial breachers who aren't taking any of this seriously. To say it is soul destroying would be an understatement. I would say the same thing over and over again - "two metres" and "can you put a mask on please?". For the first time in my career I was able to issue tickets, this was a completely new thing.

Covid has taught us all how much we are willing to change. Our daily practices have changed massively including wearing PPE pretty much all the time. I never realised how disgusting it feels to wear a surgical mask in 30+ degree heat in blistering sunshine. It certainly made me consider the exceptional work our NHS colleagues are putting in.

One of the things that has stood out most is that the Covid lockdown has brought about a sense of community. I live in a village and I have noticed the amount of people supporting small businesses that have been set up by local residents who have had to find alternative income. I have also noticed the amount of people gifting items to help others, whether this is food or jigsaws to home schooling items. It has certainly been a positive that has come out of a negative situation.

_**"All of a sudden my job was different. I was no longer doing crime prevention stalls or using the Beat Bus but rather asking people to go home"**_

Now a year on we are hopefully seeing the light at the end of the tunnel and yet again we will have to change and adapt again. The shops will re-open once again (and hopefully stay open) and we will continue business as usual. We will have to start dealing with a night time economy again. The pandemic and lockdowns will become a memory and something that I'm sure some will bring up with their kids and grandkids in years to come when they think they've got it bad because you've stopped them from doing something.

Throughout, as a team we have tried our best, as individuals we have tried our best and we have done everything we can. What we have to remember is that the domestic incidents, anti-social behaviour and violent crime hasn't stopped despite there being a deadly virus going round. We have had to deal with this along with Covid. We have done our best.
