```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Four people arrested in connection with the incident have been released under investigation
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following non-stop collision in Enderby
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/appeal-for-information-regarding-car-following-non-stop-collision/
publish:
  date: 17:09 26/07/2020
title: Investigation continues following non-stop collision in Enderby | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/appeal-for-information-regarding-car-following-non-stop-collision/
```

Updated News Post

Four people arrested after an off-duty Leicestershire police officer was injured in a non-stop collision in Enderby, Leicester, have been released under investigation.

The police officer had been cycling home after finishing his shift when he was involved in a collision with a car at around 3.18am.

The incident happened in St John near the Foxhunter roundabout junction with Blaby Road and Enderby Road. The car, a grey Audi RS3, was reported to have left the scene of the incident shortly afterwards.

The officer, who is in his 50s, was taken to hospital with serious injuries where he currently remains receiving treatment. The officer's family are aware and the force is continuing to provide full support to both the officer and his family.

A full investigation is ongoing and four people were yesterday arrested in connection with the incident - two men, aged 22 and 30, and a woman, aged 33, all of Leicester, were all arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. A 36-year-old man, of Leicester, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender.

The four people have since been released under investigation. Enquiries remain ongoing into the incident to establish the full circumstances of the collision.

From initial enquiries, it is not believed the officer was targeted in any way in this incident.

Detectives have thanked the many members of the public who have assisted with investigation enquiries including in relation to an appeal issued yesterday for information regarding the location of the suspected vehicle.

The Audi vehicle, believed to have been involved in the incident, was located yesterday in Peers Way, Huncote. It is believed the vehicle was initially abandoned in the area of The Pastures, off Hardwicke Road, Leicester, shortly after the incident.

Detectives continue to ask anyone with any information in relation to the collision to get in touch. This continues to include the driver of a dark-coloured vehicle who is believed to have been in the area at the time of the collision and may have witnessed the incident as well as anyone who may have seen the Audi vehicle at any time after the collision.

Welfare support and updates continue to be provided to officers and staff in force as the investigation continues.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Sergeant Paul Hawkins said: "We have had a number of members of the public assisting us with information in relation to this collision and for that, we are extremely grateful. This very much helped us with the progression of our enquiries yesterday including locating the suspected vehicle.

"We continue to appeal to anyone with any information in relation to the collision or the vehicle involved to make contact with us if you have not already done so. If you happened to be in the area during the early hours of this morning, or have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area which could assist this investigation, please do get in touch.

"I am keen to speak to the driver and any passengers of the dark-coloured vehicle mentioned which was in the area at the time of the collision. From initial enquiries I do believe occupants of this vehicle at the time will have witnessed the incident and will have information which will help our investigation. If you were in this vehicle, please do get in touch and speak with us so that we can see if you can help us in any way."

Superintendent Adam Slonecki added: "Our thoughts remain with our colleague involved in this incident and with his family and we continue to provide full support to them. We also continue to have welfare support in place for the officer's colleagues in force and are providing regular updates.

"My thanks go to all officers and staff who have worked tirelessly on this investigation across the weekend. The investigation is very much continuing and their enquiries into this incident are ongoing.

"As DS Hawkins has said, thank you also to all the members of the public who have assisted us with the investigation so far. If you do have any information and have not yet spoken to police, please make contact with us."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 73 of 25 July. You can also report online at https://www.leics.police.uk/ro/report/
