```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police were called to the incident at 4.40am today (Tues)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following robbery in Melton Spinney Road
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/appeal-following-robbery-in-melton-spinney-road/
publish:
  date: 11:51 28/08/2019
title: Investigation continues following robbery in Melton Spinney Road | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/appeal-following-robbery-in-melton-spinney-road/
```

Updated News Post

Detectives continue to appeal for witnesses following a robbery at a premises in Melton Spinney Road, near the A607.

Police were called regarding the incident at around 4.40am yesterday (Tuesday 27 August).

It was reported a number of men had approached a man who was in his car outside the premises and made threats towards him. The suspects were armed with what is believed to be a crowbar.

The man was held against his will and the suspects broke into the premises before later leaving the scene with more than £2,000 in cash.

The scene is still being examined in order to ascertain if anything else was taken.

The victim didn't suffer any serious injury. East Midlands Ambulance Service attended and the victim was taken to hospital as a precaution.

The building was on fire following the incident. Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service attended the scene and the fire was extinguished. An investigation into the cause of the fire has determined it to be deliberate ignition.

A scene preservation which was in place while officers carried out enquiries at the scene has since been lifted.

Detective Inspector Mark Parish said: "Our investigation to establish the full circumstances of this incident are continuing.

"The incident happened in the early hours of Tuesday morning but we ask anyone who was in the area or who has any information to make contact.

"Did you see or hear anything which caused you concern? Do you have any dashcam footage from around the area at the time which may be able to assist us? Have you heard anything in connection to the incident which may help our enquiries?

"If you have any information, we urge you to make contact."

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting incident 81 of 27 August.
