```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is holding a Service of Hope and Remembrance at Leicester Cathedral.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: All welcome to Leicester Cathedral Service of Hope
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/all-welcome-to-leicester-cathedral-service-of-hope/
publish:
  date: 08:29 18/10/2019
title: All welcome to Leicester Cathedral Service of Hope | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/all-welcome-to-leicester-cathedral-service-of-hope/
```

To mark National Hate Crime Awareness Month, Leicestershire Police is holding a Service of Hope and Remembrance at Leicester Cathedral.

This special service is open to all communities within Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland whether of faith or no faith and will take place at 5.30pm on Wednesday 23 October. It will bring together people to stand with those affected by hate crime, to remember those we have lost, and support those who need our ongoing support.

The congregation will hear messages of hope from those who have suffered the effects of hate crime and a candle will be lit in remembrance. Everyone attending will be invited to write a positive message or word on a leaf which will be used to create a Tree of Hope after the service. Each person will be given a candle to take home as a symbol of hope.

The forces Hate Crime Officer, Isla Dixon, said: "This is the second time we have held a service of this kind in Leicestershire. The effects of hate crime can be devastating and far reaching and we want to actively challenge negative behaviours around disability, race, religion, sexual orientation and gender identity.

"We are delighted that Leicester Cathedral has worked with us again this year to host the service during National Hate Crime Awareness Month. Our message is one of hope, respect and togetherness to show that there is no place for hate within our communities."

Emma Davies, Acting Canon Precentor at Leicester Cathedral, said: "We live in a beautiful and diverse world but sometimes it can seem overwhelmingly dark and disturbed, especially when we hear of news of violence against others.

"It is vitally important that we stand together, not just in remembrance but also in hope, telling the stories of good news that we have seen and known."

Reverend Canon Karen Rooms, the Canon Missioner, said: "We are privileged to be working with Leicestershire Police to host a Service of Hope and Remembrance in Hate Crime Awareness Week because we are serious about promoting dignity and justice for all.

"It is important to remember the deep human costs of hate crime and the simple but courageous things we can do and say which make a real difference. I hope this service will go beyond an act of solidarity and provoke some change in us all."

The service is open to every community and will offer moments of inspiration, challenge and remembrance with refreshments being served afterwards. All are welcome to attend. No booking required but contact Isla on isla.dixon@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk for queries or if you wish to let us know that you are coming.
