```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Kacper Ogrodnik, 18, was arrested following proactive enforcement activity in Leicester
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for drug offence following enforcement action
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/man-jailed-for-drug-offence-following-city-centre-enforcement-action/
publish:
  date: 14:16 07/01/2020
title: Man jailed for drug offence following enforcement action | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/january/man-jailed-for-drug-offence-following-city-centre-enforcement-action/
```

A man who was arrested following enforcement action in the city centre has been jailed after admitting being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine.

The arrest of Kacper Ogrodnik, 18, was made on Tuesday 3 December as part of the proactive enforcement police activity which was carried out in the city centre to tackle anti-social behaviour.

Ogrodnik had been seen on CCTV in Churchgate, Leicester, exchanging drugs and money with another man in the street leading to officers being deployed.

He was subsequently arrested in a churchyard near Burleys Way, Leicester.

**Kacper Ogrodnik**

Ogrodnik tried to escape from the arresting officers but was detained. A small wrap of crack cocaine he was seen to drop was recovered on the ground. He was also found to be in possession of £40 in cash.

Yesterday (Monday), at Leicester Crown Court, Ogrodnik, of Harvest Close, Leicester, admitted being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine in addition to two counts of obstructing/resisting a constable in the execution of their duty.

He was also found to be in breach of a suspended sentence at the time of committing the offence. The suspended sentence related to a conviction for two counts of supplying class A drugs and two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Ogrodnik was sentenced to a total of two years and 10 months imprisonment.

Detective Sergeant Jason Fell said: "This arrest was made following enforcement activity carried out in the city centre to tackle anti-social behaviour. When officers saw what was believed to be a drugs deal taking place, officers were immediately deployed and Ogrodnik was swiftly arrested.

"His intentions were clear - he wanted to make money by supplying class A drugs on the streets of Leicester. I am pleased that Ogrodnik has now been brought to court and pleaded guilty to these offences."
