```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A Leicestershire police officer has been recognised for amazing work by receiving national award.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two out of seven national awards won by Leicestershire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/two-out-of-seven-national-awards-won-by-leicestershire-police/
publish:
  date: 09:00 20/05/2019
title: Two out of seven national awards won by Leicestershire Police | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/two-out-of-seven-national-awards-won-by-leicestershire-police/
```

A Leicestershire police officer has been recognised for amazing work by receiving national award.

A Leicestershire police officer has been named the national Police Officer of the Year by the British Association of Women in Policing (BAWP).

PC Evie Wilcox, was presented with the award for her passion and professionalism despite being in the very early stages of her policing career. Evie wasn't the only Leicestershire winner - fifteen year old police cadet, Grace Burton, also won the Volunteer of the Year award meaning that Leicestershire Police won two of the seven national categories.

BAWP is the only national organisation to embrace women of all ranks and grades within the police service. Their mission is to ensure that those women are heard and work toward gender equity in policing.

Sergeant Elizabeth Perry, who nominated Evie, said: "All candidates put forward are exceptional. We've been fortunate enough to be recognised by not only one but two categories which reflects great work.

"Recently, Evie was selected to go to London to commemorate the march in celebration of '100 Years of Women in Policing'.

"Evie's personal skills in communicating and assisting vulnerable victims and witnesses and her ability to build rapport with suspects is second to none.

Superintendent Natalee Wignall, Chair of Leicestershire Police's Women's Inclusive Network, said:

"As Chair of the Leicestershire Police Women's Inclusive Network, I am very proud that PC Evie Wilcox has won 'Officer of the Year' for BWAP.

"It is always an honour to be able to celebrate the success of the amazing women in our force. Well done Evie, very well deserved."

Last year Evie picked up the 'Student Officer of the Year' at the annual Chief Commendation Awards. She will collect the latest addition to her growing collection of awards in October at the BAWP Awards Ceremony.

Evie said: "When I initially received the phone call saying I had won a national award of Officer of the Year, I was in complete shock.

"I am very thankful to Sergeant Perry for nominating me, grateful to the people I work alongside and Leicestershire Police for the support over my first two years within the force.

"I feel very humble to win this award and admire the other incredible women within forces across the country which support one another to carry out the great work we do."

Evie has made a noticeable impact on her community and colleagues, therefore, it is unsurprising to most who have endorsed the nomination that she has scooped up such an amazing award.
