```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: PCSO recruitment applications are now open
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PCSO recruitment opens today
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/pcso-recruitment-opens-today2/
publish:
  date: 11:29 09/11/2020
title: PCSO recruitment opens today | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/pcso-recruitment-opens-today2/
```

**Do you like being part of a team and meeting new people?**

Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit its next cohort of Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and are seeking people who like to engage with local communities and those who thrive on being at the heart of what matters.

Recruitment opens today (Monday 9 November) and will close on Sunday 6 December.

No two days are ever the same in this exciting role, we're looking for candidates from all backgrounds to help us problem solve and tackle crime and disorder.

PCSOs play a vital role in deterring people from committing offences and their actions can contribute to stopping minor problems developing into something more serious. They are a visible presence in the community and therefore being able to communicate effectively and calmly in difficult situations and to offer comfort, support and reassurance is vital to the role.

PCSO Rita Purkayastha joined the force in 2007. She said: "Being able to help is what motivates me within the role.

"If you want to avoid a mundane Monday to Friday job and want to wake up looking forward to your day job knowing you can make a difference, then I would highly recommend the PCSO role at Leicestershire Police."

PCSO Harker at Sanghera, 38, joined nearly 12 years ago following the completion of a Masters degree in IT.

He said: "When I completed my degree I was searching for jobs and didn't want a desk job. My dad, who is also a PCSO with the force, encouraged me to consider joining. I did and I've enjoyed it so much, I'm still here. I like the challenge and personal responsibility of managing my own patch in Thurmaston, where everyone here knows me. Being able to go out and talk to people is a key part of the job, providing a visible presence and reassurance to the communities and aiming to prevent and/or detect crime and anti-social behaviour."

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment officer for the force said: "Leicestershire Police is keen to recruit a number of individuals from diverse backgrounds. We want a Police service that truly represents the communities we serve. If you show the right level of commitment and dedication, you can be part of our amazing team."

To find out more about what a role as a PCSO entails or to being your application, visit the careers section of our website.

Recruitment for PCSOs is open until Sunday 6 December and successful candidates would start in July 2021.
