```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Special Constables will be volunteering their time to help thousands of people across Leicester to safely celebrate the Hindu festival of Navaratri.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Specials to support Navaratri celebrations
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/specials-to-support-navaratri-celebrations/
publish:
  date: 09:44 28/09/2019
title: Specials to support Navaratri celebrations | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/september/specials-to-support-navaratri-celebrations/
```

Special Constables will volunteer to provide support to Navaratri celebrations in Leicester.

Special Constables will be volunteering their time to help thousands of people across Leicester to safely celebrate the Hindu festival of Navaratri.

Navaratri symbolises the triumph of good over evil and means nine nights in Sanskrit; 'nava' meaning nine and 'ratri' meaning nights. This year it will begin on Sunday 29 September and run until Tuesday 8 October.

On each of the nine nights Leicestershire Police's Specials will be out providing public reassurance patrols around the city to help reduce burglaries, robberies and antisocial behaviour.

Special Inspector Sam Watson coordinates the Special Constabulary's support and said: "Leicester has a thriving Hindu community and as a result we are lucky in hosting one of the largest Navaratri celebrations outside of India.

"We're proud to be able to provide support to the celebrations and I'd like to thank all of the specials in advance for their hard work and commitment. It's a chance for us to really get involved with our communities and I hope everyone has a really good time."

Officers will be on foot patrol in residential areas and visiting community centres across the city to offer crime prevention advice.

Special Sergeant Arvind Mistry has been supporting Navaratri for the last 14 years and loves it. He said: "We engage with people and make sure the streets are safe for them to enjoy themselves.

"At the beginning of the shift we will allocate areas and venues between officers, then we will provide police reassurance and foot patrols in the residential areas to deter thieves, and also attend the celebrations to talk to people about how they can keep themselves and their belongings safe.

"I absolutely love working Navaratri. I always encourage the officers with me to join in and participate with some of the dances. I hope that everyone enjoys the Navaratri festival and stops to say hello to us if they see us."

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who support regular officers in helping to keep the communities of Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland safe.

The force is currently recruiting specials and anyone interested in applying should visit the website for more information: www.leics.police.uk/couldyou
