```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A network dedicated to supporting Muslim staff and officers across Leicestershire Police celebrated its tenth anniversary with a special event.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Association of Muslim Police marks tenth anniversary
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/brecks-last-game-scoops-third-award2/
publish:
  date: 09:30 18/12/2019
title: Association of Muslim Police marks tenth anniversary | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/brecks-last-game-scoops-third-award2/
```

A network dedicated to supporting Muslim staff and officers across Leicestershire Police celebrated its tenth anniversary with a special event yesterday (Tuesday 17 December).

The Association of Muslim Police (AMP) marked its milestone anniversary at the Melbourne Community Centre in Leicester and was joined by members of the community and staff and officers from across the force.

The evening event profiled the work of the Association of Muslim Police over the past ten years, how it supports staff and the local community, as well as its vision for the future. The event also covered topics around recruitment, community engagement and a talk from Detective Constable (DC) Marina Waka about being a female Muslim police officer.

Among those in attendance were guests Radio Seerah and local charities, the Somali Development Service and Leicester Community Service. Chief Constable (CC) Simon Cole and Deputy Chief Constable (DCC) Rob Nixon also said a few words during the event.

DCC and Champion for Race, Religion and Belief at Leicestershire Police, Rob Nixon said: "The event was a great chance for people from the force and the community to come together and acknowledge the contribution the Association of Muslim Police has made over the past ten years."

AMP Chair, PC Aftab Yasin said: "The AMP 10th anniversary was an opportunity for networking and promoting greater understanding between the community and the police to form a unique and stronger relationship."

The Association of Muslim Police provides support to Muslim staff and officers from across the force, as well as the recruitment and progression of Muslim police officers and police staff. AMP also assists Muslims across the force in observing their faith and helps to promote understanding of Islam within the police service and wider community.

**#InYourCommunity**

**#AMP10Years**
