```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Nominations are now open for Beat Bobby of the Year award.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do you know a beat officer who is making a difference?
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/do-you-know-a-beat-officer-who-is-making-a-difference/
publish:
  date: 14:44 01/08/2019
title: Do you know a beat officer who is making a difference? | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/do-you-know-a-beat-officer-who-is-making-a-difference/
```

The Leicester Mercury is inviting people to send in nominations for the 2019 title of Beat Bobby of the Year.

The annual award celebrates the work of a beat officer who members of the community feel have gone the extra mile to serve the public and are making a difference in that community.

All nominations will be reviewed by a panel of senior officers from the force, alongside representatives from Leicestershire Live - the Leicester Mercury's website.

The winner will be invited to the Chief Constable's Commendation Awards night, an annual ceremony later this year where they will be presented with the Guy Swatland Memorial Shield, in front of proud colleagues and family members.

Awards on the night will also praise winners for acts of bravery, outstanding work innovation, high profile investigations, dog handling work and many more.

Chief Constable Simon Cole said: "The Beat Bobby of the Year is presented with the Guy Swatland Memorial Shield and is very special because it is voted for by the public.

"We know that the public value the visible presence of their neighbourhood teams solving local problems and protecting local communities.

"This is a chance for them to lets us know who should receive the Beat Bobby of the year award.

"Last year's winner was PC Matt Eld, beat officer for the Westcotes neighbourhood in Leicester.

"Matt also won the National Police Chief's Community Police Officer of the Year award in March for delivering outstanding neighbourhood policing to the community he serves and it was my pleasure to present him with his national award as well."

The memorial shield presented on the night is named in honour of former title-holder PC Guy Swatland, who worked at the city's Welford Road police station. He died in a road collision while cycling in the countryside in June 2009.

Last year, PC Matthew Eld scooped up the Beat Bobby of the Year 2018 award, for his host of personal development opportunities, including becoming 'Taser' and 4x4 driver trained; however, most impressively he has been learning Polish.

Police and Crime Commissioner Lord Willy Bach added: "Beat Bobbies are the public face of policing and often the first port of call if there is a problem.

"They are the officers that the public want to see walking the streets, protecting them from harm and they are a vital part of the local community.

"If you have a Beat Bobby who you feel does a fabulous job, please don't keep quiet.

"Tell us why and help them get some well-deserved recognition for their efforts, after all beat bobbies give us all the visible policing presence that matters so much to people."

Send nominations, including the officer's name and beat, along with a brief explanation why you believe they should be nominated to: ciaran.fagan@trinitymirror.com
