```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit its next cohort of officers and would like to hear from those who already have a degree or are about to graduate.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Recruitment for officers continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/recruitment-for-officers-continues/
publish:
  date: 09:29 05/10/2020
title: Recruitment for officers continues | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/recruitment-for-officers-continues/
```

Are you considering the next steps in your career or looking for a change? Leicestershire Police is looking to recruit its next cohort of officers and would like to hear from those who already have a degree or are about to graduate.

Applications open today for the two year Graduate Holder Entry Programme known as DHEP, the programme allows candidates to learn on the job with some academic coursework based training delivered in conjunction with De Montfort University (DMU).

Successful candidates will join the force as police officers from day one. Trainee officers have a starting salary of £24,000 and when training is successfully completed they will also receive a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice (PPPD) from De Montfort University, the awarding body.

We're looking for people from all backgrounds to help us problem solve and tackle crime and disorder.

One of our recent recruits, Brett Lees-Smith returned to university in his 30s after a career in helping young people, he now has two Masters Degrees after completing an Open University course in history.

Having described himself as a bit of tearaway when he was a child, he didn't consider a career in policing would be for him so instead took to working in the prison service and in youth justice where he could use his independent thinking and his determined character in roles that gives so much back to society.

Despite not always thinking he was the right 'fit' to be in policing, Brett decided a career in the force was definitely worth reconsidering because policing values individuals for who they are as well as what they can bring to the role.

Brett, who is 39 and originally from Kent, likes Leicestershire's diversity and plans to focus his career in community safety and draw on his experiences in order to give something back.

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment officer for the force said: "The emergency services are doing an amazing job of keeping people safe right now. If you like the idea of being at the forefront of what's happening and can work as part of a team and under pressure, then this could be the role for you.

"It takes commitment and dedication - something we're seeing an abundance of right now, but the rewards are amazing.

"You're part of one big family that looks out for one another and there are a host of benefits available to those who join."

The closing date for applications to the Degree Holder Entry Programme is Sunday 8 November.

For more information about entry criteria and what the role entails, visit the careers section of our website.
