```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: He was found guilty and sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on Monday
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Special Constable convicted of fraud offences \u2013 and given a prison sentence"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/special-constable-convicted-of-fraud-offences--and-given-a-prison-sentence/
publish:
  date: 15:14 21/10/2019
title: "Special Constable convicted of fraud offences \u2013 and given a prison sentence | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/special-constable-convicted-of-fraud-offences--and-given-a-prison-sentence/
```

A former special sergeant has been found guilty of a number of offences after a trial at Leicester Crown Court and has been sentenced to two years in prison.

Jack Denny, 22, of Burbage, Leicestershire, has been convicted of two counts of fraud and one count of theft. The fraud charges relate to falsely claiming expenses and overtime from Leicestershire Police between 13 January 2018 and 14 February 2018 and HM Prison Service between 29 January 2017 and 9 February 2018, amounting to thousands of pounds.

The theft charge relates to the theft of police uniform from Leicestershire Police.

Denny has been sentenced to serve a total of two years in prison.

The crimes were uncovered following an internal investigation by the prison service - where Denny was employed - and he was subsequently suspended. This information was passed on to the force because of his role as a special constable and he was suspended from his role with Leicestershire Police too.

During searches of his property, a number of police uniform items were found that were not part of the standard issue special uniform.

Officer in the case, Detective Constable Michael Buckey, said: "Denny thought he would be able to get away with making fraudulent claims for overtime and expenses by adding small amounts on here and there.

"But it's been discovered and a full investigation has been carried out. It's cost Denny his role with us and there's been a full enquiry into his expenses by the HM Prison Service too.

"Offences such as this won't be tolerated, and any allegations will be fully investigated. Anyone responsible will be brought to justice."
