```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Craig Sheldon admitted four counts of robbery among other offences in court
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2020/06.-june/craig-sheldon.jpg?crop=(22,0,592,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester man jailed for more than seven years
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/robber-jailed-for-more-than-seven-years-following-offences-committed-across-leicestershire/
publish:
  date: 11:54 11/06/2020
title: Robber jailed for more than seven years following offences committed across Leicester | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/robber-jailed-for-more-than-seven-years-following-offences-committed-across-leicestershire/
```

A robber has been jailed for seven and a half years after admitting his part in a number of offences at businesses across Leicester.

Craig Sheldon was involved in the robberies at premises across Leicester between December last year and February this year with items including cash, cigarettes and alcohol being stolen.

During some of the robberies, he was reported to be in possession of a knife.

_**Craig Sheldon**_

Officers carried out investigative work into the robberies including CCTV analysis and gathering witness accounts. As a result, Sheldon was arrested in February this year and he was subsequently charged.

At a Leicester Crown Court hearing earlier this year, Sheldon, 41, of Drummond Road, Leicester, pleaded guilty to four counts of robbery, three counts of possession of a knife and one count of theft.

The offences were:

 * A robbery at a premises in Belgrave Boulevard, Leicester, at around 6pm on 31 December 2019. A woman was in the store at the time reported a number of men entering the store and snatching items. One of the men was reported to have threatened her. Items including cigarettes, coffee and alcohol were stolen. No injuries were reported.
 * Robbery at a premises in Beaumanor Road, Leicester, just after midnight on 2 February this year. A man and a woman who were in the premises reported two men entering the premises and that one of the men was in possession of a machete. The male victim reported being punched during the incident suffering from grazes and swellings to his face. Cash was stolen from a till during the robbery.
 * A robbery at a premises in Norwich Road just before 3pm on 1 February this year during which cash, scratch cards and a mobile phone was stolen. A woman who was in the premises reported a man entering the premises in possession of a knife which he made threats with before stealing the items. No injuries were reported.
 * A robbery at a premises in Sibson Road, Birstall, at around 7.50pm on 1 February this year during which cash was stolen. A man who was working in the premises reported a man entering the store and pulling a knife from inside his coat before stealing the cash.
 * Three counts of possession of a knife - in Norwich Road and Sibson Road on 1 February and in Beaumanor Road on 2 February.
 * Theft of razor blades from a premises in Exploration Drive, Leicester, on 17 January this year.

Sheldon was sentenced at the same court on Tuesday (9 June).

Officer in the case, Detective Constable Jack Cornick said: "Sheldon was involved in these robberies at businesses where people work hard to make a living. He did this purely for his own greed.

"We will take action in these cases and will work to ensure justice is done.

"I am pleased the guilty pleas were made in this case and hope this result helps the victims of these offences in some way to see the defendant accept full responsibility for his actions."
