```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A youth has been sentenced after an officer was left with horrific injuries during an assault.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/2021/01.-january/pc-maddie-hayes-2.jpg?crop=(0,502,1200,1134)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Youth sentenced after officer suffered horrific injuries
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/youth-sentenced-after-officer-suffered-horrific-injuries/
publish:
  date: 14:19 12/01/2021
title: Youth sentenced after officer suffered horrific injuries | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/youth-sentenced-after-officer-suffered-horrific-injuries/
```

A youth has been sentenced after an officer was left with horrific injuries during an assault.

The 24-year old officer was punched to the nose by the youth in September last year.

The injuries left the officer (pictured) needing emergency surgery and stitches and she was forced to take sick leave from work for three months as a result. She is still awaiting further surgery now as the injuries have left her struggling to breathe properly through her nose.

Yesterday (Monday) at Leicester Magistrates' Court , the 16-year-old boy, of Swadlincote, who can't be named for legal reasons, was sentenced to a 12 month referral order and ordered to pay £600 compensation.

At an earlier hearing he had pleaded guilty to Grievous Bodily Harm of a person namely a police constable.

The officer was taken to Queens Hospital Burton where it was found she had suffered from a broken nose, a broken septum, a deep laceration and tear to the left side of her nose and nostril, significant swelling and bruising. She had to undergo emergency surgery to try and fix her nose and also had to have six internal stitches and 11 external stitches to the nose.

Three months on and she is now awaiting further surgery as she is unable to breathe through her right nostril and has limited breathing through her left nostril. She also has exposed cartilage in her nostrils as a result of the injuries caused.

NPA Commander for North West Leicestershire, Inspector Rich Jackson said: ""This was a shocking and vicious attack on an officer doing her job to protect others. The photographs of our officer's awful injuries chilled all who saw them. We acknowledge the court's decision of a community order but we strongly hope the young man, who pleaded guilty, will chose to do more to atone for his crime and start over. Attacks on police officers are simply not acceptable. We must protect our protectors."

"Full support has been and remains in place for the Police Officer who has bravely shared her story to raise awareness of an issue which needs to be stopped.

"It is not acceptable for anyone to be attacked and assaulted in their job and we will not tolerate this happening to our officers. Action will be taken and we will ensure anyone who commits this offence is brought before the courts."
