```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A trio from the force flew to Hong Kong to take part in the prestigious competition
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicestershire officers take part in Police Rugby World Championships
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/leicestershire-officers-take-part-in-police-rugby-world-championships/
publish:
  date: 16:39 07/10/2019
title: Leicestershire officers take part in Police Rugby World Championships | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/leicestershire-officers-take-part-in-police-rugby-world-championships/
```

A Leicestershire Police trio have just returned from Hong Kong after taking part in the Women's Police Rugby World Championships.

Special Chloe Robinson and PCs Leilah Mills and Daphne Fromes were among the UK squad who took on the might of officers from New Zealand and Australian Police in extreme heat conditions.

Despite losing to the Kiwis, they managed to squeeze a 19-12 win out of Australia before heading back home with a feeling of elation.

Chloe said: "It was touch and go if the competition would take place due to the conflict happening over there currently and some teams dropped out. However, our squad was determined to make it and give it our best shot.

"We had trained since the beginning of this year and I was really excited to be part of an international team for the first time. It's the pinnacle of my rugby career and just doesn't get any better than that. It was very difficult in the heat and humidity but we had two days to acclimatise and just did our very best.

"I thoroughly enjoyed myself. It was an unforgettable experience."

Leilah said: "It was the best experience of my life and an absolute honour and privilege to represent not only GB Police but Leicestershire also."

She added: "The team showed such grit and determination in tough conditions."

Daphne said: "I've gained an incredible amount of experience from this tournament and am grateful to the Australian and New Zealand teams for bringing the same passion and intensity to our games that we did. It was a hard-fought tournament between worthy opponents and seeing New Zealand perform a Haka was one of the highlights of the tournament."
