```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The warrants were executed to tackle drug offences and County Lines activity
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrants in Melton lead to arrests and stolen property being recovered
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/warrants-in-melton-lead-to-arrests-and-stolen-property-being-recovered/
publish:
  date: 15:58 19/12/2019
title: Warrants in Melton lead to arrests and stolen property being recovered | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/december/warrants-in-melton-lead-to-arrests-and-stolen-property-being-recovered/
```

Two people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences and stolen property recovered following warrants being executed in Melton Mowbray.

During the past two weeks, officers executed four warrants - one at a property in Asfordby Road on 8 December, at separate properties in Bentley Street on 9 and 10 December and at a property in Rutland Street on 17 December.

The warrants were executed following information received in a bid to target suspected drugs offences as well as suspected County Lines activity in the area. The term County Lines describes gangs and organised criminal networks involved in exporting drugs into other areas of the county, often small towns.

Following the warrant at Asfordby Road, a 33-year-old man and a 30-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. They have since been released under investigation. It is not believed the people arrested are involved in County Lines activity.

Following one of the warrants at Bentley Street, a bicycle was recovered which was found to be stolen. Enquiries were made and the bicycle has now been returned to its owner.

_**PC Davey Rawlings returning a stolen bicycle to its owner**_

One of the warrants in Bentley Street led to one man being voluntarily interviewed in relation to possession of a firearm - a Taser device. Enquiries are ongoing. Following the warrant executed in Rutland Street, an imitation firearm was recovered. Enquiries are ongoing into what the imitation firearm is.

The four warrants also led to other property, believed to have been stolen, being recovered. Enquiries are ongoing into this property

A number of believed vulnerable people have also been identified following the warrants and referrals have been put in place to provide support.

Police Constable Davey Rawlings said: "This was a successful operation which helped us return a stolen bicycle to one person with enquiries continuing into other property which has been recovered.

"We also continue to tackle suspected drugs and County Lines activity and continue to urge people to #KnowTheSigns and to report any concerns you have to us. We will take action and we will provide support to people we believe are affected - these warrants are just one example of us doing that.

"You can find more information on the signs to look out for and how you can help by visiting www.leics.police.uk/countylines"
