```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: PC Steve Clarke received a warm welcome from his colleagues at force today
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officer returns to work after being seriously injured in collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/officer-returns-to-work-after-being-seriously-injured-in-collision/
publish:
  date: 14:56 20/01/2021
title: Officer returns to work after being seriously injured in collision | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/january/officer-returns-to-work-after-being-seriously-injured-in-collision/
```

Welcome back PC Steve Clarke!

An officer who was seriously injured while cycling home from his shift last year has returned to work today - to a warm welcome from his colleagues.

PC Clarke was involved in the collision with a car in St John, Enderby, just after 3.15am on 25 July last year. He was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

At the time of the incident, the car involved was reported to have left the scene of the collision. A full investigation was carried out by the force into the incident with full support also provided to PC Clarke and his family. Welfare support has also been provided to officers and staff in force.

And today, less than six months after the incident, PC Clarke returned to the job he knows and loves based at Hinckley Road police station.

_**PC Steve Clarke (right) returning to work today. He is pictured with PC Matt Eld.**_

He said: "It has been fantastic to return today and catch up with all my colleagues and get back into work. I'm very grateful for the support I've had from my colleagues and the force over the past six months as well as from all the medical staff involved in my recovery."

PC Clarke's sergeant Anil Mehta said: "I am genuinely overjoyed Steve has returned to light duties. This is a pure testament to his determination and dedication to his family and colleagues alike. I have seen Steve at every stage since the collision and am in awe at the way he has fought to overcome what happened to him that day.

"Steve is a true gentleman and I am privileged to be his friend first and then his supervisor".

PC Clarke's colleague PC Conor Robinson added: "It's fantastic to have Clarkey back with us. He is an inspiration to me as an officer and as a human being; he is simply one of the most courageous and determined people I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. It speaks volumes about him the way he has dealt with this incident and his determination to get back to work so quickly afterwards."

PC Matt Eld added: "We have worked together for a decade in the West End and I have missed him greatly. He is a great character and well respected by colleagues and the community. We are really pleased to see him return to work. I am really proud of my friend, his determination is inspiring."

A man in his 30s, of Leicester, has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and failing to stop in relation to the incident and a man in his 20s has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both were released under investigation. The investigation remains ongoing.

A woman arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and a man arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have been released with no further action.

It is not believed the officer was targeted in any way in this incident.
