```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Every business in the East Midlands can now access a free digital tool designed to help understand and monitor incoming threats from hackers.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018Cyber CCTV\u2019 on offer to all East Midlands businesses"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/cyber-cctv-on-offer-to-all-east-midlands-businesses/
publish:
  date: 10:58 23/11/2020
title: "\u2018Cyber CCTV\u2019 on offer to all East Midlands businesses | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/november/cyber-cctv-on-offer-to-all-east-midlands-businesses/
```

Every business in the East Midlands can now access a free digital tool designed to help understand and monitor incoming threats from hackers.

Police CyberAlarm was introduced to a number of organisations in the region via the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) as part of a pilot. Following its success, the government-funded initiative is now being rolled out across the country.

EMSOU Detective Chief Inspector Phil Donnelly said: "The threat of cyber-attacks against businesses are increasing and police and industry need to work together to combat this threat. Police CyberAlarm is a great example of what can be achieved when policing and private industry work together.

"This new tool acts like a CCTV camera, monitoring the traffic seen by a business' connection to the Internet. It will detect and provide regular reports of suspected malicious activity, enabling a business to take steps to improve their cyber resilience."

Once a business or organisation becomes a Police CyberAlarm member, they will need to install the 'CyberAlarm Virtual Server', which will then collect and process traffic logs identifying suspicious activity from the firewall. The server collects traffic logs, but not the content of the traffic. It is designed to protect personal data, trade secrets and intellectual property.

The benefits of being a Police CyberAlarm member include regular reports revealing suspicious and potentially malicious attack activity on firewalls/internet gateways. It details how the attack is happening and where it is coming from, so that improvements can be made to the business' cyber resilience. It will also help law enforcement identify current threats and take enforcement action against cyber criminals.

Police CyberAlarm can benefit any public and private sector business with a computer network, including SMEs, organisations, charities, education establishments and local government.

DCI Donnelly added: "We know that the average cost of a cyber attack to a small business is around £11,000, and we know that there are thousands of successful attacks every day. Cyber security should be a priority for every single business, no matter how big or small that business is.

"This is a police-led project, which businesses can trust. There is no catch to signing up; it is being offered for free and we want to get as many businesses across the East Midlands on board.

"The more members we have, the more data we get, which will provide law enforcement with a much richer intelligence picture about the current and emerging threats businesses are facing. The data will also be presented back to members in the form of regular reports to help them take steps to improve their cyber security.

"I would urge businesses to sign-up and take advantage of all Police CyberAlarm has to offer."

Businesses can sign-up on the Police CyberAlarm website. They will then receive a unique code, which, once added to the website, will provide access to full instructions on how to install Police CyberAlarm.
