```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The deadline to recruit PCSOs has been extended until 3 May
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PCSO recruitment extended
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/pcso-recruitment-extended/
publish:
  date: 09:00 22/04/2020
title: PCSO recruitment extended | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/pcso-recruitment-extended/
```

The PCSO recruitment deadline has been extended to Sunday May 3 to give candidates more time to apply.

The force is looking for PCSOs as well as Police Officers as part of a huge recruitment campaign over the next few years and would love to hear from those who enjoy engaging with their local communities and being at the heart of what matters.

It goes without saying that candidates need to be level headed in a crisis, able to problem solve and have a desire to tackle crime and disorder.

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment officer for the force said: "For many these are uncertain times given the current climate. This period of isolation may have given people the time to reflect on their future and perhaps a new career or change of direction could be part of that as a key worker.

"We would love to hear from you and are happy to discuss all aspects of the role of a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) and everything that it entails. It's a privileged and unique role to have and is thoroughly rewarding while offering job security."

PCSOs play a vital part in deterring people from committing offences. They help to prevent minor problems from turning into something far more serious. Therefore being able to communicate effectively and calmly in difficult situations, offer comfort, support and reassurance, and be a recognised part of a community is essential.

Sergeant Nagdi added: "If you like the idea of being at the heart of everything and working as part of a team, then why not come and be part of our policing family?

"We want to recruit candidates from diverse backgrounds so that our Police service is representative of the communities we serve. Age, sex, culture and religious background are no barrier and we have a multitude of networks within the force who are there to reach out to, as well as a host of health and fitness benefits available for those who join."

PCSO Rita Purkayastha joined the force in 2007.

She said: "Being able to help is what motivates me within the role.

"If you want to avoid a mundane Monday to Friday job and want to wake up looking forward to your day job knowing you can make a difference, then I would highly recommend the PCSO role at Leicestershire Police."

Successful PCSO candidates would start in September this year.

Recruitment for Police Officers is open until Monday 11 May with training set to begin January 2021.

For more information about entry criteria and the roles of PCSO or Police Officer visit our website or contact one of the recruitment officers, Police Sergeant Yusuf Nagdi or PC Keith Thomas:

Yusuf.nagdi@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk

Keith.thomas@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk
