```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Can you spot the signs? Do you know how to report it?
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reporting and raising awareness of female genital mutilation
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/reporting-and-raising-awareness-of-female-genital-mutilation/
publish:
  date: 10:00 07/06/2020
title: Reporting and raising awareness of female genital mutilation | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/june/reporting-and-raising-awareness-of-female-genital-mutilation/
```

You may have seen articles online or in newspapers about female genital mutilation (FGM). You may have also seen or heard it discussed on television or on the radio.

But do you know what it is? And do you know it's mandatory for health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to report any known cases of FGM to police?

It's an extremely harmful practice that is also known as 'cutting' or 'female circumcision' and involves removing or damaging normal healthy genital tissue.

Put simply, FGM is illegal in the UK - and anyone involved in committing or facilitating it could be arrested, prosecuted and imprisoned.

Detectives from the force's Child Abuse Investigation Unit (CAIU) are responsible for investigating any reports of FGM across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland - and want to raise awareness of the issue.

"Female genital mutilation is a global issue and there are a lot of myths around it," says Detective Sergeant Louise Wills, who is one of Leicestershire Police's FGM leads alongside DS Lee Fowler.

"Despite what you might've read, heard or seen, there aren't any health benefits. The practice harms girls and women in many ways. It's mostly carried out on younger girls - usually between infancy and adolescence - and can lead to immediate and long-term complications.

"It is occasionally carried out on adult women and it's estimated that more than three million girls are at risk from FGM each year."

**So what are the common myths that the CAIU wishes to dispel?**

 1. _FGM isn 't that common_

"This isn't true," says DS Wills. "It's widely been reported that in some places, the prevalence of the practice actually seems to be increasing, which is one of the reasons we as a force are trying to raise awareness and tackle the issue head-on."

 2. _The procedure is performed by medical practitioners_

"Unfortunately it's naive to think this is the case," adds DS Wills. "The majority of FGM is performed by community elders and, in some cases, even barbers. It's often performed without an anaesthetic, medical supplies or somewhere with appropriate medical facilities. This means that there's a high chance infection and complications can occur."

 3. _It 's done for health reasons_

DS Wills says: "This couldn't be further from the truth. It's an extremely harmful practice with no known health benefits for either girls or women."

 4. _It 's a religious tradition_

"There aren't any religious scripts that prescribe the practice," says DS Wills. "Often, it's simply performed as a rite of passage in the belief that it makes girls suitable for marriage."

**_Detective Sergeants Louise Wills and Lee Fowler_**

Both DS Wills and DS Fowler oversee investigative teams of specially-trained child abuse officers while working alongside our multi-agency partners.

"We work closely with partners to safeguard and protect those at risk," explains DS Fowler. "As a department, we're both culturally and faith-aware when dealing with victims of FGM, but we'll never hesitate to take appropriate and effective action to both safeguard those involved and also enforce the law.

"There's a mandatory reporting duty for anyone working in health or social care environments - and also teachers - to report any known cases of FGM involving girls under the age of 18 to police.

"One thing we recognise is that it's not just a female issue. We need strong male voices to speak out against a violent practice and help us by reporting cases or concerns."

DS Wills adds: "Ultimately we recognise that long-term change is needed.

"This can be driven by practicing communities. We work with key partners and organisations to raise awareness and educate people about FGM and the long-term risks the practice carries."

**Reports or concerns can be made to police - either online or by calling 101 - but what other support is available?**

 * If you're worried a child is at risk of, or is already a victim of FGM, you can call the NSPCC's free, anonymous dedicated FGM helpline on 0800 028 3550 (+44 (0)800 828 3550 from overseas) or email fgmhelp@nspcc.org.uk
 * The Dahlia Project is a FGM support and counselling service and they can be contacted by calling 020 7281 8970
 * 28 Too Many is a FGM charity aiming to tackle the practice worldwide. Further information can be found by visiting https://www.28toomany.org/
 * Daughters of Eve is a non-profit organisation signposting victims and those at risk to further support. You can text them on 07983 030488
 * The Freedom Charity works to provide help and support around FGM as well as forced marriage and honour-based violence. Call 0845 607 0133 or text 4freedom to 88802
 * Karma Nirvana also runs a helpline to support victims of honour-based abuse. You can contact them on 0800 5999 247
 * Further information about FGM can be found by visiting https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/female-genital-mutilation-fgm/ or http://nationalfgmcentre.org.uk/

If anyone reading this would like more information or to speak to the officers about FGM in order to work together to deliver key messages, please call 101 and ask for DS Wills or DS Fowler.
