```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Insp Jackson&#39;s March 2019 Round-Up
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Insp Jackson&#39;s March Round-Up
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/insp-jacksons-march-round-up/
publish:
  date: 14:54 11/04/2019
title: Insp Jackson&#39;s March Round-Up | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/insp-jacksons-march-round-up/
```

Welcome to the March edition of the North West Leicestershire Local Policing Team newsletter.

Since my previous update in December we have had a number of staff moves:

Sgt Lindsey BOOTH joined us in February, having previously worked on the East Leicester beat team. Lindsey is now the Deputy Policing Commander for North West Leicestershire and brings over 24 years of policing experience with the majority spent within neighbourhood policing. Her experience and reputation are welcomed and she has already been delivering some excellent work.

Sgt Gary JOHNSON has now moved positions and is a custody Sergeant working out of Beaumont Leys. Gary who is an experienced Sgt will be missed by the team here and also members of the local community, many of which wrote to me regarding the great work he'd done.

Sgt Jayne DOLBY has also joined the team. Jayne has over 18 years of policing experience having undertaken a number of operational roles in her career. Jayne and I worked together in Beaumont Leys a number of years ago and we are privileged to have her on the team. She brings a wealth of neighbourhood experience which is already being acknowledged by many of our partners.

PC Jason UNDERWOOD is a familiar face around Donnington and Kegworth and has been part of the team for many years. Jason has recently taken a role at East Midlands Airport and is replaced by PC Steve HARRISON. Steve has 15 years of neighbourhood experience and knows North West Leicetershire extremely well. His experience working the villages around Ashby will now be transferred to policing Jason's former patch. We wish Jason all the best in his new role.

PC Rachel WALKER - replaces PC Steve HARRISON and comes to us from an investigative background. Bringing 11 years of experience Rachel has previously worked the area and is a welcome addition to the team.

#### County Lines; #KnowTheSigns #CountyLines

This is a term that has been frequently highlighted in the media and can be described as;

* Where criminal gangs set up a drug dealing operation in a place outside their usual operating area

* Gangs moving their drug dealing from cities to smaller towns in order to make more money. This can have a really big effect on the community who live there and bring with it serious criminal behaviour.

Crimes associated with county lines;

* Drugs

* Violence

* Exploitation

* Sexual exploitation

* Cuckooing

Operation Camel is our local response to County Lines. We work closely with partners from North West Leicestershire District Council and housing providers to tackle issues such as this and have sustained our activity to address drugs misuse and associated criminality achieving some notable results.

Results: Sept 2018 to March 2019

Through regular meetings with housing providers and sharing of key information the operation has resulted in;

* 14 closure orders, 3 closure order extensions resulting in 11 evictions

* 10 warrants

* 4 vehicles seized

* 19 arrests and investigations in relation to possession of offensive weapons, supply of class A and B drugs

* Over 300 community and police generated intelligence logs submitted

* 3 possession of Class A and B drugs investigations where offenders are being dealt with by voluntary interviews

* Hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of drugs taken off the streets with the biggest seizure being £466,000 worth of cannabis

The results of Op Camel are significant and not possible without effective multi-agency working and most importantly the information provided by our community. Dealers need to be aware that we will be targeting them as a result of the key information provided by you.

#### LivesNotKnives

Op Sceptre - was a national initiative during March and was intended to highlight and target knife related crime. Using intelligence, officers targeted habitual knife carriers, and action was taken against anyone found with one in their possession without a valid reason for carrying it.

Fortunately knife crime is not a significant problem in North West Leicestershire. However, we take the issue very seriously and continue to run a number of operations and events to address the problem, including knife arch deployments to support policing the night time economy, additional inputs to local schools and colleges and appropriate materials circulated for the benefit of non- English speaking members of the community.

The injuries caused by knives, not just to the victim and their families, but also to the wider community, can be devastating. We will be doing all we can to spread the message that carrying a knife is not OK.

#### Could You Be A Police Cadet?

The programme invites young people aged 13 to 17 to gain an unrivalled insight into policing and learn new skills and knowledge, while helping their local community. It'll begin in September and will run for the academic year, with weekly unit meetings and exciting opportunities to volunteer in the evenings and weekends.

This school year the cadets have been involved in making the station proud during Remembrance Day, the Ashby Show and worked on a number of initiatives including the distribution of 100s of leaflets in Ashby in relation to the numerous burglaries the area suffered. The group is currently training to assist a Public Support Unit display to over 3000 Scouts and Guides in the summer. There are also plans to attend World Superbikes, British Superbikes and BTCC racing at Donnington Circuit and a trip to Alter Rock Climbing Centre for leadership and confidence training.

Recruitment is now open for our 2019/20 Volunteer Police Cadet (VPC) programme.

If you have any queries please email couldyou@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk to contact their team.

#### Cold Callers

Recently we warned residents about answering to cold callers following a number of incidents in Ashby.

Police received a report of a man attending a property in the area of North Street at around 4.20pm on Sunday 3 March stating he was selling cleaning products.

The victim, who is in her 60s, was asked for her bank card to process the payment. The man then left the property with the card saying he would need to go to his van to do this. He returned the card around 10 to 15 minutes later. When the victim checked her account later, she saw that hundreds of pounds had been withdrawn.

The man was described as white, around 5ft 10ins tall, in his thirties, with a pale complexion, of a stocky build, bald with a scar on the top of his head and spoke with a local accent. He was wearing a dark jacket, a grey jumper with red horizontal lines and was carrying a red holdall with black handles.

The man returned to the victim's property the following day with a second man who was described as white, around 6' tall, in his thirties, with dark hair and spoke with a local accent. He was wearing a dark jacket and was carrying a black and white bag with drawstring handles. The victim did not hand anything to the men following this visit and the police were contacted.

On Tuesday 5 March, police received a report from a bank in Market Street, Ashby, following concerns that a man had been trying to withdraw thousands of pounds.

When officers spoke to the victim, the man said he had been visited by two men the day before (4 March) who had asked for the money for "company expenses" saying the victim, who is in his 70s, would receive a larger sum of money back in return.

The men were described as white, in their 40s, of medium build, around 5ft 8ins tall and both wearing a short-sleeved red t-shirt. Both of these incidents are currently being treated as linked and enquiries are ongoing. If you have any information please call 101

Cold Caller advice - The general advice for residents who receive cold callers is to be cautious at all times and keep windows and doors locked, even when just popping out. Ensure the back door is locked before answering the front door so that no one can access the house while you are distracted.

If you have a door chain - use it - and always check for ID if a stranger wants to come in and claims they are from a utility company, local authority or any other organisation. Genuine callers will happily show their ID. Check the ID carefully and call the head office if you are still unsure, but use a number from the telephone directory or a recent bill, not the one on the card. Only allow someone into your home if you are absolutely certain they are genuine and never hand your bank card or large amounts of cash over.

More information about cold callers is available through Age Concern at https://www.ageuk.org.uk/information-advice/care/housing-options/home-safety/crime-prevention/#doorstep

We also have supply of no cold caller stickers which your beat teams can supply you with.

#### Download Festival

Planning continues to prepare for the Download Music Festival which takes place at Donnington Park from Friday 14 to Sunday 16 June 2019. Download has been running since 2003 and is one of the biggest festivals in the UK. Sgt Rog BARLOW and I continue to attend a number of multi-agency planning meetings and work closely with the event organisers Festival Republic.

February saw Rog and I attend a Crime at Major UK Festivals conference hosted by Festival Republic. The conference was a forum to share operational expertise to work together to combat crime and increase safety and security at music festivals. Those who attended included UK festival promoters who run large scale, professional festivals, their security companies and relevant planning, intelligence and operational officers from their local police force.

#### Community Safety Partnership

The local policing team are an integral part of the Community Safety Partnership (CSP). CSPs are made up of representatives from the police, local authorities, fire and rescue authorities, health and probation services. The responsible authorities work together to protect their local communities from crime and to help people feel safe. They work out how to deal with local issues including antisocial behaviour, drug or alcohol misuse and re-offending. They annually assess local crime priorities and consult partners and the local community about how to deal with them.

On Monday 24 January this year, members of my team attended a Strategic Priority Setting workshop hosted by the Community Hub at Castle Donnington. Here we worked together with other partners to determine strategic priorities for the area. Some excellent discussions took place and differing perspectives contributed to setting local priorities for the coming 12 months which include;

* County Lines and exploitation

* Cyber Crime

* Domestic Violence

More details regarding these priorities which have just been adopted will be circulated in future.

#### Police Officer Recruitment

We are looking to recruit more than 230 police officers over the next financial year to help keep our communities safe - 107 of those will be new posts.

Police officer recruiting will open again in April 2019 with the successful candidates starting their training in February and March 2020.

For more information see our website:https://leics.police.uk/join-us/police-officer/info/recruitment-events

#### Community Engagement

Do you have some general issues or concerns you would like to talk over with us?

Our PCSO's run a number of beat surgeries where you can pop along and have a chat, they also offer crime prevention advice should you need it. The beats are made up of:

Valley Beat -- PC Lou Gravenall, PC Steve Harrison, PCSO Kev Bradley and PCSO Nicola Russell.

Coalville Town -- PC Turner/PC Coleman/PCSO Wolska and PCSO Bromley.

Bardon Hill -- PC Emma Holmes, PC Sean Lockley, PC Rich Dudley, PCSO Tony Gallagher, PCSO Lynette Rose, PCSO Rich Willet, PCSO Alex Booth, PCSO Rebekkah Hales and PCSO Matt Hodgson.

Ashby -- PC Mark Arjoo, PC Tom Gregory, PCSO Dale Winson and PCSO Dale Collington.

Forest -- PC Rich White, PC Rachel Walker, PCSO Pat McDonald and PCSO Robin Benson.

Some of the surgeries we have coming up:

13th April - 10:00-11:30 - Long Whatton Village Shop

15th April - 19:00-20:00 - The Halfway House, Donisthorpe

18th April - 10:30-13:30 - CO-OP, Ashby Road, Ibstock

20th April - 13:00-16:00 - Sawley Marina

25th May - 10:30-12:30 - CO-OP Bridge Road, Coalville

11th May - 10:00-12:00 - Castle Donington Farmers Market

 * ### Insp Rich Jackson

147KB
