```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Resident&#39;s concerns have been established and measures put in place to tackle them.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing priorities in Rutland agreed for next quarter
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/policing-priorities-in-rutland-agreed-for-next-quarter/
publish:
  date: 09:30 26/07/2019
title: Policing priorities in Rutland agreed for next quarter | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/july/policing-priorities-in-rutland-agreed-for-next-quarter/
```

The Safer Rutland Partnership met recently to jointly agree the policing priorities in the county over the next three months.

Following consultation with local residents at beat surgeries, community events and through an online survey it has been established that the mains areas of concern are;

 1. Road safety, particularly speeding in villages and anti-social driving in Oakham and Uppingham
 2. Anti-social behaviour particularly behind the church in Uppingham and on Cutts Close in Oakham and Todds Piece in Uppingham
 3. Theft of motor vehicles

Members of the Safer Rutland Partnership, which includes Rutland County Council, the fire and rescue service, the health service, police and probation, work together to reduce crime and disorder and identify the right agency to tackle current issues.

Inspector Siobhan Gorman, commander of the Eastern Counties Neighbourhood Policing Area, said: "As a partnership we meet regularly to discuss local concerns and agree how best to tackle them together. We are always keen to hear from local residents and would urge people to let us know what matters to them which can be done through consultation, the force website or social media. We have a joint plan in place to tackle the current priorities which range from local officers carrying out speed checks to giving out free key pouches funded by the Safer Rutland Partnership to prevent the theft of keyless cars as well as regular patrols in hot spot areas."

The force has just launched a brand new road safety campaign called, "Share the Road," to reduce the number of traffic collisions and encourage mutual respect among all road users, from ramblers and horse riders to motorists and cyclists. Recently officers have carried out speed checks in Glaston and Cottesmore, Edith Weston and Tinwell and continue to get out into other villages.

Local officers regularly patrol Cutts Close and Tods Piece talking to young people who gather in the park about their behaviour and moving them on if necessary and the Uppingham beat team is aware of the issues behind the church in the town, working with young people and their parents to reduce complaints about anti-social behaviour.

A recent increase in the theft of cars, particularly keyless cars, has prompted the partnership to buy a quantity of key pouches which block the signal between the key and the car which can be a security risk. These can be picked up from reception at Rutland County Council on Catmose Street in Oakham.

Councillor Alan Walters, portfolio holder for community safety and partnership chair said: "Compared to other counties, Rutland's crime levels remain low. However, we have seen rises in a number of key areas and an increase in crimes being committed by people from outside of the area. It is therefore essential that we work together as a partnership and by that I mean not only through the Safer Rutland Partnership, but also in partnership with our community."
