```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for public help to identify two men after a teenager was assaulted at a Leicester supermarket and an elderly bystander was seriously injured.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following assault in Leicester supermarket
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/appeal-following-assault-in-leicester-supermarket/
publish:
  date: 10:12 08/10/2020
title: Appeal following assault in Leicester supermarket | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/october/appeal-following-assault-in-leicester-supermarket/
```

Detectives are appealing for public help to identify two men after a teenager was assaulted at a Leicester supermarket and an elderly bystander was seriously injured.

An 18-year-old man was chased into the Lidl Store in Upperton Road, Leicester, by two men and assaulted sometime between 4pm and 4.30pm on Saturday 26 September.

The victim of the assault sustained facial injuries and didn't hospital for treatment.

During the incident as the two men were running into the store they knocked an 81-year-old man over and he sustained serious injuries. He remains in hospital in a stable condition.

As part of enquiries, officers would like to speak to anyone who recognises the men in the images.

The two men pictured were reported to be with two girls at the time and they all entered the store around the same time. If you were part of this group then we would urge you to get in touch.

DC Ahmed Dada is the investigating officer, he said: "We are looking into the full circumstances surrounding this incident and the events leading up to it so it's very important that we identify these people pictured as they may have information which could assist our investigation.

"If you are one of these people, or if you know who they are, we urge you to get in touch.

"We know there were a number of people in the store at the time and some may have also captured the incident on their mobile phones. If you witnessed the incident or you have any footage please contact us."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC 4213 Dada on 101, quoting crime number 20*506941.
