```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Jamie Shirley appeared at Leicester Crown Court on Monday 3 February
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leicester man sentenced following spate of burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/leicester-man-sentenced-following-spate-of-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 12:40 04/02/2020
title: Leicester man sentenced following spate of burglaries | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/leicester-man-sentenced-following-spate-of-burglaries/
```

A man who targeted a number of houses in Sileby has been sentenced to seven years in prison.

Jamie Shirley, 31, appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Monday 3 February) and was sentenced for a number of offences committed in August last year.

At a hearing in the same court in November last year, Shirley, of Church Hill Road, Mountsorrel, pleaded guilty to:

\- Aggravated burglary and causing actual bodily harm following an incident at Seagrave Road, Sileby - - Burglary at a second address in Seagrave Road, Sileby

\- Actual bodily harm following an incident in Haybrooke Road, Sileby

He was sentenced to serve a total of seven years, four months in prison.

At an earlier hearing, Shirley, of Church Hill Road, Mountsorrel, pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated burglary, one count of causing actual bodily harm and one count of common assault following an incident at an address in Seagrave Road, Sileby.

At around 3pm on 27 August last year, Shirley entered an address in Seagrave Road in Sileby. Once inside he stole a set of car keys.

The occupants of the address, who were inside the property at the time of the offence, wrestled with Shirley in an attempt to stop him.

Shirley dropped the keys and fled from the address.

A short while later he broke into another property in Seagrave Road. On this occasion the occupant was out. He stole jewellery from the address before leaving and running off in the direction of Sileby Memorial Park.

Officers, deployed to the area following reports of the break-ins, spotted Shirley and gave chase.

Shirley, attempting to avoid capture, clambered over garden fences before entering a house in Haybrooke Road via an open patio door. He grabbed the elderly occupant and threatening him as he looked for a way to escape.

Shirley attempted to leave via the back door where he was confronted by officers and arrested.

Detective Constable James Clayton, from the force's Complex Investigation Team, was the investigating officer. He said: "Shirley is a serial offender who thought nothing of using threats and violence towards his victims.

"Although no one was seriously injured or needed hospital treatment, I am in no doubt they would have been extremely frightened by their ordeal.

"I hope the fact that Shirley has been brought to justice will allow the victims to move forward and put the events of that day behind them."
