```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A man who abused his step-daughters while they slept has been jailed for more than eight years after admitting to committing the offences.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stepfather jailed after admitting abusing children
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/stepfather-jailed-after-admitting-abusing-children/
publish:
  date: 11:12 07/07/2020
title: Stepfather jailed after admitting abusing children | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/july/stepfather-jailed-after-admitting-abusing-children/
```

A man who abused his step-daughters while they slept has been jailed for more than eight years after admitting to committing the offences.

The man, who we have chosen not to name to protect the victims, was arrested after officers from the force's Paedophile and Online Investigation Team (POLIT) attended his home address in April this year.

The initial investigation suggested the defendant may be involved in downloading indecent images of children but following an examination of his mobile phone and computer, footage of him abusing his step-children was found.

The defendant was charged with:-

 * Possessing/making/taking an indecent photograph / pseudo-photograph of a child
 * Voyeurism - recording a private act
 * Adult sexual activity with a female child family member under 13 (penetration)
 * Three counts of adult sexual activity with a girl under 13 family member (no penetration)
 * Possession of extreme pornography

The offences were committed between April 2018 and February 2020, when the children were aged between 9 and 12.

He appeared at Leicester Crown Court yesterday (Monday 6 July) and pleaded guilty to 14 offences.

He was sentenced to eight years and nine months in prison. He will be placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life and will also be the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and a restraining order.

Detective Constable Carolyn Boyce from POLIT was one of the investigating officers. She said: "We never know what we're going to discover when enter a home. Our enquiries to locate indecent images of children resulted in us uncovering a lot more.

"This individual was in a position of trust and was someone the girls saw as a father figure. He abused that trust for his own sexual gratification.

"We are pleased he has pleaded guilty to the offences and spared the family the distress of hearing the details of his offending in court."
