```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Lord Lieutenant&#39;s Investiture and Long Service Awards
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Leicestershire Police celebrate the Lord Lieutenant\u2019s Investiture and Long Service Awards"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/leicestershire-police-celebrate-the-lord-lieutenants-investiture-and-long-service-awards/
publish:
  date: 17:05 01/05/2019
title: "Leicestershire Police celebrate the Lord Lieutenant\u2019s Investiture and Long Service Awards | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/may/leicestershire-police-celebrate-the-lord-lieutenants-investiture-and-long-service-awards/
```

Officers and staff have been commended with long service medals after contributing 600 years of service between them.

Officers and staff have been commended with long service medals after contributing 600 years of service between them.

This afternoon (Wednesday 1 May), Leicestershire Police hosted the Lord Lieutenant's Investiture Ceremony at Force Headquarters to say thank you for all their hard work.

Among those to receive his 20 year medal was newly retired PC Peter Bumpus whose career highlights include saving a young boy's life after he became impaled on fencing. His quick thinking ensured the teenager didn't bleed to death while waiting for medics to arrive.

In addition, Peter played a huge part in bringing a cruelty case to court in which a man suffered extreme physical and mental abuse at the hands of his perpetrators.

Peter, said: "I've no doubt that had we not secured the evidence as we did and the abuse had continued, that young man wouldn't be with us anymore. I know I played a part in making him feel safe enough to open up and talk to us. That case nowadays would be classed as modern day slavery."

He added: "I went into policing to give people like that a voice and make a positive difference and because I knew that no one day would ever be the same."

Peter began his career as a Police Constable but also held roles with Special Branch, East Midlands Special Operations Unit and as the force's Hate Crime Officer among others.

"I feel extremely proud to have served with the force for so long. I enjoyed every moment and I feel lucky to have had so many opportunities to work across a wide range of fields," he said.

Detective Constable Sakhawat Hussain is also celebrating 20 years service. His career saw him move to the Child Abuse Investigation Unit where he went onto earn himself an award for 'Investigator of the Year'.

One historical sexual offence case saw him single-handedly take more than 75 witness statements, tracing evidence from several years previously to secure a prosecution.

He said: "Time has flown - from working in uniform at stations across the force to learning key investigatory skills. It's such a rewarding job knowing that you are protecting vulnerable individuals. It's been hugely interesting."

Ruth Ford started her career with the police service in the canteen of Wigston Police Station twenty years ago before taking a leap of faith and taking up a different role as a post clerk.

Ruth was hesitant in switching to an office based job due to having little knowledge of working with computers. Despite her lack of experience, Ruth took the opportunity to learn new skills and progress her career, even enrolling on a computer course to ensure she had the necessary skills.

She went onto become an archivist with the force, ensuring evidence such as CCTV was stored and distributed correctly.

Now retired, Ruth, said: "It was exciting to come back into force to collect a medal. I'm so glad to have had all the opportunities to move around within the force. It pushed me in many way to do things I might not otherwise have tried."

PC Charlotte Tudbury-Maider was previously an arms explosive dog handler in the Military police before joining Leicestershire Police as a Constable twenty years ago.

Over the years, aside from collecting several commendations for her police work, she has undertaken medical training to enhance her on-the-job skills and completed a home study course in mental health awareness.

Her skills came in handy when she had to give CPR to a collapsed gentleman in Loughborough and she even saved the life of a dog following a road traffic accident.

Charlotte also keeps herself physically active by training and taking part in Ironman events so that she can keep fit for her role.

Charlotte said: "When you're dealing with people at the most horrific and emotional times of their lives, for them to later find you and say thank you, is emotional but rewarding."

Lord Lieutenant of Leicestershire Mike Kapur said: "Time and time again, officers in uniform go out on patrol to make sure our safety is assured.

"We must also acknowledge the importance of the families who are here to support their loved ones. Those who go without their fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters whilst they're out on duty.

"The fact that you share them with the people of Leicestershire in a manner so willingly is actually a tribute to you all."

Chief Constable Simon Cole added: "Today we acknowledge the long service by staff and officers for brilliance, bravery and team work.

"We're still an organisation that goes forward when things go backward. What you do is brilliant and I couldn't be more proud."
