```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The force is looking to recruit its next cohort of Police Officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Recruitment for officers and PCSOs continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/recruitment-opens-for-officers-and-pcsos/
publish:
  date: 09:00 30/03/2020
title: Recruitment for officers and PCSOs continues | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/march/recruitment-opens-for-officers-and-pcsos/
```

Leicestershire Police is continuing to recruit throughout these unprecedented times.

We need Police Officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to continue their good work to keep people safe and carry out essential duties.

If you enjoy being part of a team, with no day ever the same, then why not consider joining us and becoming part of our family?

The force is looking to recruit its next cohort of officers and PCSOs and would love to hear from those who like engaging with local communities and being at the heart of what matters.

We are looking for candidates from all backgrounds to help us problem solve and tackle crime and disorder.

Recruitment continues to be open and will close on Sunday, April 19 for PCSOs and Monday, 11 May for officers.

Both roles play a vital role in deterring people from committing offences and can contribute to preventing minor problems from turning into something far more serious.

Equally, both can be at the forefront of national emergencies such as the current situation we now find ourselves in.

Being able to communicate effectively and calmly in difficult situations and offer comfort, support and reassurance, is therefore vital.

Yusuf Nagdi, recruitment officer for the force said: "The emergency services are doing an amazing job of keeping people safe right now. If you like the idea of being at the forefront of what's happening and can work as part of a team and under pressure, then these could be the roles for you.

"It takes commitment and dedication - something we're seeing an abundance of right now, but the rewards are amazing.

"You're part of one big family that looks out for one another and there are a host of benefits available to those who join.

"Leicestershire Police is keen to recruit a number of individuals from diverse backgrounds. We want a Police service that truly represents the communities we serve. If you show the right level of commitment and dedication, you can be part of our fantastic team."

PC Kev Bagshaw who polices south Leicester's neighbourhood policing area, said: "We're trained to deal with all sorts of emergencies and I love working under pressure. I'm glad that I can help make a difference at a time like this. I'd recommend this job to anyone.

"The response we've had from the majority of the public has been overwhelming given the current situation. They know we have a tough job at the moment but we're doing the best we can in everyone's interests."

Criteria for joining as a Police Officer or PCSO differs.

Those wishing to join as police officers must hold a degree (in any subject) at the point of joining. Those who are about to graduate with a degree, can also still apply.

This graduate scheme is known as the Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP). A two year training plan, learning on the job from experienced colleagues, getting paid at the same time.

Trainee officers have a starting salary of just over £24,000 and when training is successfully finished earn a graduate diploma in Professional Policing Practice. They must also hold a full driver's licence by the end of a year's service.

Successful PCSO candidates would start in September this year, while those who went on to become trainee officers would begin in January 2021.

For more information about entry criteria and what the roles entail visit our website or contact one of the recruitment officers, Police Sergeant Yusuf Nagdi or PC Keith Thomas:

Yusuf.nagdi@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk

Keith.thomas@leicestershire.pnn.police.uk
