```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: A husband and wife have been convicted of a number of driving offences following a collision in Coalville earlier this year.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Couple convicted of driving offences following Coalville collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/couple-convicted-of-driving-offences-following-coalville-collision/
publish:
  date: 13:35 31/10/2019
title: Couple convicted of driving offences following Coalville collision | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/couple-convicted-of-driving-offences-following-coalville-collision/
```

A husband and wife have been convicted of a number of driving offences following a collision in Coalville earlier this year.

Michael John Parker, 62, of Baker Street, Coalville, appeared at Leicester Magistrates' Court on Thursday 26 September where he pleaded guilty to driving otherwise than in accordance with a license, driving without insurance and carrying passengers to danger.

He was given a four year driving disqualification and fined £235.00.

His wife Paula Parker, 54, of the same address, stood trial at Loughborough Magistrates' Court today (Thursday 31 October) where she was found guilty of using, causing and permitting no insurance and using, causing and permitting no driving licence.

She was fined £120, ordered to pay a total of £90 costs and had her driving licence endorsed with eight penalty points.

The charges relate to a collision in Meadow Lane on Monday 28 January when Mr Parker was driving a double decker bus which operated a commercial service in the Coalville area.

As he drove along Meadow Lane after collecting a full bus of children, he collided with pedestrian Sian Ellis. 15-year-old Sian, from Whitwick, sustained serious injuries and died at the scene.

Enquiries carried out by police found that Mr Parker only had a provisional licence which as a result meant he didn't have valid insurance at the time of the collision. It was also found that Mr Parker was carrying over the maximum amount of passengers on the bus and that a small number of children were standing near to the lower level windscreen, an area where they shouldn't be standing.

Mrs Parker was charged as she was transport manager for the family business, Rigley's Hire Limited.

Detective Sergeant Gary Haines, who led the investigation, said: "The joint police and Driving and Vehicles Standards Agency (DVSA) investigation following the collision found that Mr and Mrs Parker didn't have the sufficient licences and insurance and were therefore operating illegally.

"A subsequent enquiry carried out by the Traffic Commissioner led to the couple being banned indefinitely from holding an operator's licence, a licence which is needed to operate any kind of commercial haulage or bus company.

"I am satisfied that the courts and Traffic Commissioner have taken the relevant action to remove the defendants from the roads making the roads safer for other road users and cease their unlawful transport operation."

Daniel Barker, DVSA Vehicle Enforcement Manager said: "DVSA's priority is to protect everyone from unsafe drivers and vehicles.

"Bus drivers and operators have a huge responsibility to keep the public safe. This operator failed at a very basic level to ensure that the bus was driven by a licensed person.

"Working with Leicestershire Police on this investigation exposed this wrongdoing and brought that driver and operator before a court."
