```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Residents are advised to keep monitoring the situation and to continue ensuring their own safety when any making travel plans
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Roads remain flooded as Storm Dennis continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/roads-remain-flooded-as-storm-dennis-continues/
publish:
  date: 12:54 16/02/2020
title: Roads remain flooded as Storm Dennis continues | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/february/roads-remain-flooded-as-storm-dennis-continues/
```

A number of roads across the county remain flooded as Storm Dennis continues.

While at this stage there are no major roads closed, there are a number of closures in place on other roads in the area due to the weather conditions.

There are also some roads which do not currently have closures in place but are reported to be flooded. Officers are asking people in these areas to keep monitoring the situation and to stay safe especially when making any travel plans.

Leicestershire Police has been working across the weekend with partner agencies including local authorities, Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service, the Environment Agency and the Highways Agency to keep people safe, provide advice and to monitor the areas affected by the weather and flooding.

Residents are also being advised to monitor the situation themselves and to respond in a safe manner. Please keep check on the weather warnings in your area. This can be done through the Met Office website. A yellow weather warning for wind and rain is currently in place across the county.

You can also check for flood warnings in your area by visiting the Environment Agency website. A number of flood warnings are in place across the county.

A number of roads are currently flooded. This includes:

 * The A6121 at the junction with the B1176, Essendine
 * Gallow Field Road, Foxton
 * Rempstone Road, Wymeswold
 * Lane one of the A42 southbound at junction 11
 * Station Lane at Old Dalby
 * Main Street, Cossington
 * Derby Road at the junction with Alan Moss Road, Loughborough

The situation is consistently changing and further information in relation to roads flooded and road closures is being provided on our social media pages.

If you are in an area, which has been badly affected, please consider whether your journey is necessary before setting out. You should also check that your route is clear and avoid roads which are flooded or are prone to flooding. Do not drive through flood water and if road closures are in place then please don't ignore them. They are there for your own safety. If you do get stuck in flood water in a vehicle, you should get out of the car and walk to dry land as long as it is safe to do so.

Inspector Graeme Baxter said: "We have received more than 40 calls during the past 24 hours in relation to flooding and traffic issues regarding Storm Dennis and I know our partner agencies are also extremely busy with calls and responding to these. We thank you for your patience and co-operation as we all work to respond to these calls.

"We have officers out, working with these partner agencies, to help keep areas safe, put in road closures where necessary and to ensure people are taking the right steps in order to ensure their own safety.

"Please monitor the situation where you are. If it does not seem safe to go out in an area at this time, then please wait until it is safe to do so."

If you do find your home is flooded and the water levels are below two feet in depth, the fire service is advising that they cannot pump water levels less than this depth. Advice being given is for residents to isolate their electric supply if they have concerns it will get wet and to move belongings upstairs if possible or to a higher level. If the caller is in a vulnerable situation, the fire service will attend.

You can keep up to date with weather and flood warnings by visiting the Met Office website at https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/ and the Environment Agency website at https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/environment-agency

Updates and information help lines are also being provided on Leicestershire Police social media pages as well as on local authority, Highways Agency, Environment Agency and the Met Office's social media pages.
