```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The site is supported by the NHS, the emergency services and local councils and businesses
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018One Prepared\u2019 website will help direct people to advice and support"
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/one-prepared-website-will-help-direct-people-to-advice-and-support/
publish:
  date: 10:55 07/04/2020
title: "\u2018One Prepared\u2019 website will help direct people to advice and support | Leicestershire Police"
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/one-prepared-website-will-help-direct-people-to-advice-and-support/
```

Leicestershire Police is supporting a new website which has been launched across the region today (Tuesday) to assist in directing people to the help and advice available in their communities during the COVID-19 pandemic.

The 'One Prepared' site aims to help visitors find support teams in their communities who can help with questions and concerns in relation to COVID-19 including help looking after vulnerable people and support for those suffering from financial hardship.

Other help and advice includes extra support for local employers, information on health provision in each area, details on changes to council services and local business advice.

The site will assist in directing people to the right organisation for this support and will also provide details for those wanting to offer voluntary help in their immediate community.

The site, which is supported by the NHS, the emergency services and local councils and businesses, can be found at www.llrprepared.org.uk/one-prepared

The One Prepared initiative is part of a network of community groups who have already had regional emergency action plans approved by the police and local authorities.

The site is designed to reassure the community that help can be sought from different organisations which also helps to take some of the pressure off the emergency services at this time.

The site is being promoted on the social media channels of those involved and people across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland are encouraged to use and share the site so it becomes the first point of contact for anyone in need of help or advice or who wishes to support their community.

Deputy Chief Constable at Leicestershire Police, Rob Nixon said: "Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, we have pulled together as one across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to prepare and help people during this emergency.

"Together we are taking action and local councils, the emergency services and voluntary organisations are doing all we can to help you and to support our NHS at this perilous time.

"I encourage people to use the new One Prepared site to seek the advice and help you need and to be directed to the right place to find this support.

"If you would like to volunteer in your community and help to make a difference, please also visit the site for further details on how you can do this."
