```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Appeal regarding vehicle used in burglary
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal regarding vehicle used in burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/appeal-regarding-vehicle-used-in-burglary/
publish:
  date: 16:09 11/04/2019
title: Appeal regarding vehicle used in burglary | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/april/appeal-regarding-vehicle-used-in-burglary/
```

Officers are appealing for information in relation to a vehicle believed to have been used in a burglary at a premises in Markfield Lane, Leicestershire.

Incident number: 19000160915

Police are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dashcam footage of the car which was reported to have left the scene following the incident in the Markfield area during the early hours of Saturday 30 March.

The car, which is described as a dark-coloured saloon vehicle, similar to an Audi A5 or a BMW M5, was seen to travel along the slip road of Leicester Road in the area at around 1.20am before joining the A50 and heading towards the A46.

The burglary had happened at around 1.05am at the premises which is near the junction with the A50.

Three men, reported to be wearing balaclavas and carrying weapons including a crowbar and spirit levels, forced open a door at the premises.

Two victims, both men, who were in the premises at the time, managed to get behind a door which they pushed against to try and stop the suspects from entering the room they were in.

One of the victims suffered minor injuries. No-one else was involved in the incident.

The suspects then left the premises. It is not believed anything was stolen.

Detective Constable Stephen Henderson said: “We have been carrying out full enquiries into this incident which happened during the early hours of the morning.

“We believe there may be people who were travelling along the A50 at this time who may have seen the vehicle described and can help us with our enquiries. Did you see a car similar to the one described above? Do you have any dashcam footage from the area at the time which you can check?

“Similarly have you seen any unusual activity involving a vehicle of this description around the time of the offence such as number plates being changed or someone leaving the car and getting into another vehicle?”

Anyone with any information regarding the vehicle or in relation to the burglary should contact 101 quoting incident 19000160915.

If you have information in response to this appeal please contact us on 101. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Your personal details won't be taken, information isn't traced or recorded and you will not be required to go to court.
