```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Police are investigating two burglaries overnight where large quantities of cosmetics were stolen in both incidents.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation into Charnwood area business breaks
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/investigation-into-charnwood-area-business-breaks/
publish:
  date: 11:16 09/08/2019
title: Investigation into Charnwood area business breaks | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/august/investigation-into-charnwood-area-business-breaks/
```

Police are investigating two burglaries overnight where large quantities of cosmetics were stolen in both incidents.

The first incident happened at around midnight today (9 August) when burglars broke into a business in Woodgate, Rothley.

Officers believe that three suspects, wearing masks and dark clothing, broke into the store and stole a quantity of cosmetics. They were last seen running off towards Babington Road.

A similar incident was reported at around 3.40am today when burglars broke into a business in High Street in Barrow upon Soar and a quantity of cosmetics were stolen.

It is believed the incidents are linked given the similarities in property stolen and closeness of the locations.

Detective Constable Geoff Tebbutt is investigating the incidents and is appealing for information which may assist the investigation.

He said: "Officers are reviewing local CCTV and carrying out forensic examinations at the scenes with a view to move the investigation forward but I would like to speak to anyone who may have information about what happened to get in touch.

"Did you see suspicious activity in the areas at these times which may be linked to these burglaries? Perhaps you saw a vehicle leaving the area which raised some concerns to you but you didn't think that much of it at the time? Or maybe you are aware of some cosmetics being sold in suspicious circumstances? ** **

"Please contact police with what information you have, no matter how small it may seem, as it could still assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting 19*419966.
