```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: The teen went missing on Wednesday from the Wigston area. Officers are continuing to carry out searches for the 17-year-old.
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Search continues for missing teen - Tuan Van Nyugen
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/search-continues-for-missing-teen---tuan-van-nyugen/
publish:
  date: 09:36 14/02/2021
title: Search continues for missing teen - Tuan Van Nyugen | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2021/february/search-continues-for-missing-teen---tuan-van-nyugen/
```

Officers searching for a teenage boy reported missing from his home in Wigston continue to appeal for public help to find him.

Tuan Van Nguyen, 17, was last seen in the Newton Lane area of Wigston at 12:40pm on Wednesday (10 February).

Tuan, who is Vietnamese and doesn't speak English, is described as 5ft 5ins tall and of a slim build. He has dark hair and is clean shaven with a spotty complexion. He is missing the little finger on his right hand and also the tip of his fourth finger.

****

**Tuan Van Nyugen**

When last seen he was wearing a T-shirt, dark grey jogging bottoms, a dark blue hoody, a blue SoulCal Puffa jacket with a polar bear logo on the left sleeve and white trainers. He may have a small notepad with him containing both Vietnamese and English phrases.

On Friday (12 February) police released a further image of Tuan wearing the coat he is believed to have been wearing at the time he was reported missing.

Officers have been carrying out numerous lines of enquiry since Tuan went missing including CCTV enquiries, house to house enquiries and various searches in the local area.

Yesterday (Saturday) specialist officers searched an area of Oadby and Wigston including a number of parks and open areas- those searches will continue today.

PC Emma McMahon is from the force's Missing Persons Team. She said: "Tuan has been missing since Wednesday and as time passes we are growing increasingly concerned for his welfare.

"It is unusual for Tuan to be missing or venture far from the Wigston area. He speaks very little English and is unlikely to ask strangers for help.

"With the weather being so cold at the moment it may be that he has sought shelter somewhere and we would ask the public to check any outbuildings on their property.

"Please take a look at his image and if you have seen Tuan or someone matching his description we urge you to call us."

If you have any information to assist officers with their enquiries you can call 101 quoting incident 347 of 10 February.

Translation of appeal in Vietnamese:

Cậu be mất tich từ Wigston

Cac quan chức, quan tam đến quyền lợi của một cậu be thiếu nien bị mất tich ở Wigston đang keu gọi sự giup đỡ của cong chung để tim cậu ấy.

 Nguyễn Văn Tuấn 17 tuổi, được nhin thấy lần cuối tại khu vực Newton Lane của Wigston từ 1 giờ chiều đến 3 giờ chiều hom qua (Thứ Tư ngay 10 thang 2).

 Tuấn, người Việt Nam va khong noi được tiếng Anh, được mo tả la cao 5ft 5ins va co than hinh mảnh khảnh. Cậu be co mai toc đen va được cạo sạch sẽ với nước da trắng ngần. Cậu ấy bị thiếu ngon ut tren ban tay phải va đầu ngon tay thứ tư.

 Lần nhin thấy cuối cung, cậu ấy mặc một chiếc ao phong, quần chạy bộ mau xam đậm, ao khoac Puffa mau xanh va giay thể thao mau trắng. Be co thể mang theo một cuốn sổ ghi chu nhỏ chứa cả cụm từ tiếng Việt va tiếng Anh.

 Tuấn khong co khả năng đi xa va chan sẽ dễ bị mỏi.

 Việc Tuấn mất tich la một điều hết sức bất thường va cang ngay cac sĩ quan cang lo lắng cho phuc lợi của cậu be.

 Bất cứ ai đa thấy Tuấn hoặc một cậu be phu hợp với mo tả tren, xin vui long gọi 101 trich dẫn sự cố 347 của ngay 10 thang Hai.
