```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Officers are continuing to appeal for any information in relation to the incident
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested following non-stop collision in Coalville
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/non-stop-collision-in-belvior-road-coalville--did-you-see-it/
publish:
  date: 10:19 21/04/2020
title: Two arrested following non-stop collision in Coalville | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/april/non-stop-collision-in-belvior-road-coalville--did-you-see-it/
```

Updated News Post

Two men have been arrested as part of an investigation into a non-stop collision in Coalville last week which left a man with serious injuries.

Police were called to Belvoir Road last Monday (13 April) following reports that a grey Vauxhall Astra had struck a man before leaving the scene. The incident happened just before 1.45pm.

Initial enquiries established the victim, a 33-year-old man, was also assaulted prior to the collision.

The victim was taken to hospital with life-changing injuries following the incident. He has now been discharged from hospital.

Enquiries have been continuing and a 34-year-old man, from Coalville, and a 19-year-old man from Leicester, have both been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. They have both since been released on conditional bail.

The Vauxhall Astra was recovered by police shortly after the incident and enquiries are also ongoing in relation to the vehicle.

Officers continue to appeal to anyone with any information in relation to the incident, who has not yet spoken with police, to make contact.

Detective Inspector Tim Lindley said: "We have made these two arrests and our investigation remains very much ongoing.

"We continue to speak with witnesses and check on CCTV and we continue to urge anyone with any information, who has not yet spoken with us, to make contact.

"Were you in the area of Belvoir Road last Monday? Did you witness the collision or events leading up to it? Do you have any CCTV or dashcam footage which may hold vital information? Have you seen or heard anything since which could help our investigation?

"Anyone with any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, is urged to get in touch."

If you do have any information, call 101, quoting incident number 261 of 13 April.
