```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Andrea Ginns helps provide her team with the necessary skills needed to save lives
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/leicestershire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Contact handler&#39;s outstanding efforts rewarded
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/contact-handlers-outstanding-efforts-rewarded/
publish:
  date: 08:00 06/10/2019
title: Contact handler&#39;s outstanding efforts rewarded | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2019/october/contact-handlers-outstanding-efforts-rewarded/
```

The Contact Management Department at Leicestershire Police is the nerve centre of the force - dealing with around 1,500 emergency calls a day.

Thanks to her passion for training and staff development, Andrea Ginns provides her team with the necessary skills needed to save those lives across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland.

For her outstanding efforts, Team Leader Andrea was recognised for an award at last week's Chief Constable's ceremony at the Athena, Leicester.

Andrea joined the force's Contact Management Department (CMD) in 2012 after spending eight years as a police officer.

She said: "Being an officer was amazing. I couldn't believe I got paid to do the things I did. It truly was like the telly some days. I have to say it brought out the very best 'me' I had to offer. It pushed me to improve on what I thought was my threshold. I have a lot to thank Leicestershire Police for.

"I left my role as a police officer to have my children as my partner was in the Royal Marines. The call handling role appealed to me because I wanted to be back in uniform and the shift pattern fitted around my family commitments."

With the induction process for new call handlers being so intense, Andrea volunteered to design, implement and manage the training package in addition to her day-to-day role as a Team Leader in CMD. Thanks to Andrea, this has increased the efficiency in the amount of time the training takes, while continuing to maintain quality, allowing fully trained call handlers to be of service to the public as quickly as possible.

Inspector Mike Phillips, who nominated Andrea for the award, said: "If I could describe Andrea in one word, it would be 'whirlwind'!

"She is a bundle of energy and displays incredible passion for her role in CMD. She is outstanding in both of her roles and provides exemplary customer service to both the public and her colleagues.

"She isn't afraid to make tough decisions and has played a significant part in developing a number of staff to be outstanding call takers and dispatchers. She has also been instrumental in identifying the right people to be tutors and has overseen their development. I can't think of anyone more worthy of this award!"

On winning the award at the Chief Constable's ceremony, Andrea said: "I enjoy coming to work, I know it's going to be a tough day but I know I will make a difference to someone.

"We are currently recruiting and looking for people with excellent communication skills and emotional resilience. It is shift work that doesn't stop for bank holidays or birthdays but this is a job that makes a difference, it's immensely rewarding and gives a privileged view of our communities."
