```yaml
area: Leicestershire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the incident in The Drive on Friday (18 Sept)
  image: https://www.leics.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/leicestershire/news/_stock-images/our-duty---can-you-help/can-you-help-rectangle-orange-witnessappeal-soh.jpg?crop=(0,40,600,356)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man left needing surgery following assault in Barwell home
  type: website
  url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-left-needing-surgery-following-assault-in-barwell-home/
publish:
  date: 16:28 22/09/2020
title: Man left needing surgery following assault in Barwell home | Leicestershire Police
url: https://www.leics.police.uk/news/leicestershire/news/2020/september/man-left-needing-surgery-following-assault-in-barwell-home/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was left needing surgery after being assaulted in his own home in Barwell.

The victim, who is in his 40s, had returned to the property in The Drive just after 5.20pm on Friday (18 September).

As he made his way through the property, he was hit to the head and chest by a person with an item believed to be a golf club.

The suspect, who it is believed had gained access to the property by forced entry through a side door, then continued to punch the victim before running away from the scene.

The victim was taken to hospital with injuries including bruising and swelling to his head, fractures to his wrist and a broken finger. He has undergone treatment including surgery at hospital and has since been discharged.

From enquiries carried out, it is not believed anything was stolen from the property.

The suspect has been described as white, aged approximately 40 to 45 years, around 6ft tall, of slim build and with broad shoulders. He is believed to have had a shaved head and no facial hair. He was wearing a grey jumper and dark coloured trousers but may have changed this clothing shortly after leaving the scene.

Detective Constable Richard Callus said: "This was a serious assault on a man in his own home which left him needing surgery. We are continuing our enquiries to establish the full circumstances of this incident and to find the person responsible and are appealing to anyone with any information, who has not yet spoken with us, to make contact.

"Please think back to if you were in the area on Friday and anything you may have seen or heard which could be linked to this incident. If you have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area at around this time, I also urge you to check this and get in touch."

Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting incident 20000491588.
