```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team are joining forces with Stoke-on-Trent City Council and other partner organisations to deliver a community action week in Longton.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Partner organisations join together to deliver community action week in Longton
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/partner-organisations-join-together-to-deliver-community-action-week-in-longton/
publish:
  date: 17:52 18/09/2020
title: Partner organisations join together to deliver community action week in Longton | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/partner-organisations-join-together-to-deliver-community-action-week-in-longton/
```

Officers from Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team are joining forces with Stoke-on-Trent City Council and other partner organisations to deliver a community action week in Longton.

The project is running for six days from Monday (21 September) and promotes crime prevention, health and well-being, public safety and environmental awareness in the area.

There's plenty of opportunities for local residents to meet officers and discuss any concerns they have about their community or crime-related issues and advice. The mobile police station will be located at Tesco Extra on Monday and Thursday (21 and 24 September) and Phoenix Retail Park on Tuesday (22 September).

An online surgery begins at 7pm on Wednesday (23 September) where the community can chat 'live' with specialist officers with a question and answer session. By using a digital channel, it enables the team to reach and engage with a wider audience and will hopefully be convenient for people to join.

On Friday (25 September) new Deputy Commander Sergeant Chris Moss will be at Longton Market from 10am until 12pm. He will be available to meet local business owners and members of the public to answer any questions.

A number of law enforcement operations will also be taking place across the week so residents can expect to see an increased police presence, tackling issues such as anti-social behaviour, theft, driving offences and vehicle crime.

Specialist teams will also be on hand to offer support and advice about drugs, alcohol, employment and housing and there will be community litter picks with volunteers.

Officers have also partnered with Halfords, who will be offering vehicle advice and car seat checks at Tesco Extra on Saturday (26 September).

Police community support officer Claire Lindop said: "We're delighted to be running a 'week of action' in Longton which we hope will achieve positive results and promote community spirit, whilst providing a fantastic opportunity for residents to engage with us and tell us what matters most to them.

"We're also looking forward to continuing our work with partners who will be available all week to offer advice and support on a huge range of topics. We hope to see as many people as possible and will be sharing updates throughout the week on our social media pages."

Stoke-on-Trent City Council leader Abi Brown said: "We're pleased that there will be such a visible and supportive presence from so many agencies working together in Longton during the week. I know that some people in the town had expressed some concerns about anti-social behaviour in recent weeks. The activities taking place will continue the response to those concerns, but more than that, they will bring a whole range of services and professionals together, onto the streets of the town, to support the community."
