```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who was found with cash and cocaine in a stop and search by officers near Stafford town centre has been jailed for three years.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found with cocaine and cash in Stafford search jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/man-found-with-cocaine-and-cash-in-stafford-search-jailed/
publish:
  date: 12:15 22/12/2020
title: Man found with cocaine and cash in Stafford search jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/man-found-with-cocaine-and-cash-in-stafford-search-jailed/
```

A man who was found with cash and cocaine in a stop and search by officers near Stafford town centre has been jailed for three years.

James Wilson, who is better known as Marley Ricks in Stafford, was jailed at the town's crown court after admitting possession with intent to supply cocaine.
Ricks, aged 35, also pleaded guilty to possession of cannabis.
The court heard that Ricks had been stopped and searched by officers in Lloyd Street, off Gaol Road, near Stafford town centre, on 16 November.
Plain clothes officers had been patrolling the Marston Road area just after 6pm when they saw Ricks and identified themselves. Ricks disputed their identity, but was detained and handcuffed by the officers.
Ricks gave an address in Highfields but enquiries revealed he lived in Gaol Road and a search at his address led to the discovery of wraps of cocaine and £550 in cash, as well as digital scales with white powder traces on them. The drugs were later valued at between £600 and £850\. The money was confiscated by the court.
Ricks was sentenced on 18 December.
Sergeant Tom Fotherby, of Stafford Neighbourhood Policing Team, said officers had been quick to act and detain Ricks after he was spotted in Marston Road and believed to be dealing.
"We welcome information and support from people in Stafford Borough to help us tackle drug dealing and bring offenders like Ricks before the courts."
To report crime or drug dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
