```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "He\u2019s pounded the pavements of East Staffordshire for two decades, and now PC Rich Lymer is preparing to walk \u2013 or rather, drive \u2013 a new path."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PC Rich motors into new role as he bids farewell to Uttoxeter beat after 17 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/pc-rich-motors-into-new-role-as-he-bids-farewell-to-uttoxeter-beat-after-17-years/
publish:
  date: 15:49 05/02/2021
title: PC Rich motors into new role as he bids farewell to Uttoxeter beat after 17 years | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/pc-rich-motors-into-new-role-as-he-bids-farewell-to-uttoxeter-beat-after-17-years/
```

He's pounded the pavements of East Staffordshire for two decades, and now PC Rich Lymer is preparing to walk - or rather, drive - a new path.

Rich will soon be leaving Uttoxeter where he has served the surrounding area for 17 years - plus about four in Burton before that - to take up a new position with the Roads Policing Unit. And while he is excited about the new challenge, he will miss the people and communities he is leaving behind.

The current beat manager for the patch, who has also starred on TV show Cops UK: Bodycam Squad by Raw Cut TV during his time there, said: "I have been at Uttoxeter for somewhere in the region of 17 years now and in that time I have met a huge array of people.

"I have encountered a lot of contact in terms of reporting incidents, giving me intelligence, asking me advice when off duty shopping etc. And there's those contacting me via social media. I'll miss the communities."

He joined Staffordshire Police in June 2000. And living in Stoke-on-Trent at the time, he wasn't too sure where he was meant to be going.

"I was posted to some place called Burton-on-Trent which I'd never heard of," Rich joked. "I spent nearly four years working at Burton before moving over to Uttoxeter where I have been ever since in response and then more recently a neighbourhood role.

"I've never done anything else and this has been all I've known. Over my years served I have always tried my hardest to do the best for the community and local residents - whether that be in good or tragic times. I have met some people at the darkest moments of their lives and, personally, I have been affected by the tragedies they have experienced."

He points to his time on TV as a real highlight of serving with the force - and leading to some chance encounters elsewhere.

"That has certainly seen me recognised locally and also in places from Hull down to Portsmouth and also Almeria Airport in Spain when on holiday," Rich added. "It also gave people elsewhere a chance to have an insight into what goes on here in East Staffordshire and show how we police the local community."

Rich also had thanks for those he has served alongside in the uniform.

"I would like to offer my thanks and praise to those that I have served alongside within the community," he added.

"In my time at Uttoxeter I have loved my 'work family' and will dearly miss every single person. I have met some amazing people within the police who all work hard for the communities of East Staffordshire.

"It is fair to say the police is a unique job like no other and we often don't get to engage with people in positive times. But I have been fortunate to see the positive effects community policing can have."

He will, of course, still be spotted around the area when working with the Roads Policing Team, with whom he begins later this month. And he concluded: "I would like to thank all the communities of East Staffordshire and to assure them I will continue to serve them in my new role as a roads policing officer."

PCSO Tim Leathers will remain in-post and PC Lee Parden will be moving over to Uttoxeter Police Station to provide cover. PC Parden is a vastly experienced officer and currently the Tutbury and Rolleston Neighbourhood Beat Manager.

Helen Kirkland, Rich's Neighbourhood Sergeant, said: "I would like to pass on my sincere thanks and best wishes to Rich in his new role.

"It has been a pleasure working alongside Rich for the past few years and I'd like to echo the numerous messages of praise and thanks I have received from his colleagues and the public alike during his time at Uttoxeter. Rich's experience, local knowledge and commitment to his role are outstanding, often going above and beyond what is expected of a beat officer.

"Many officers and new recruits have had the opportunity to gain from his experience over the years and I know he will continue to provide the best possible service to the communities of Staffordshire."

And Chief Inspector Clair Langley - Local Policing Team Commander for East Staffordshire - added: "Richard has demonstrated an exemplary contribution to East Staffordshire Neighbourhood policing team.cI am very grateful for his hard work, commitment and enthusiasm in supporting the community over the last 17 years.

"I wish him well in his new role on the Roads Policing Team, in which I am sure he will be a true asset. And I welcome PC Lee Parden, an experienced neighbourhood officer, to Uttoxeter Police Station."
