```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A 60-year-old Stoke-on-Trent man has been found guilty of assaulting a sex worker in the city.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sixty-year-old man found guilty of attacking sex worker in Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/sixty-year-old-man-found-guilty-of-attacking-sex-worker-in-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 11:43 08/02/2021
title: Sixty-year-old man found guilty of attacking sex worker in Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/sixty-year-old-man-found-guilty-of-attacking-sex-worker-in-stoke-on-trent/
```

A 60-year-old Stoke-on-Trent man has been found guilty of assaulting a sex worker in the city.

Registered sex offender Henry Alexander, of Hanley, was found guilty following a trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court (5 February).

The Court heard that at around 2am on Sunday 15 September 2019 Alexander's victim was waiting in Sandbach Road, Cobridge.

A Ford Mondeo pulled up and Alexander, who was known to her, got out and went to the boot of the car. He took something from the boot and put it in his pocket.

As he walked over to her he took something from his pocket and struck her several times to the head. She fell to the floor and was unsure afterwards if she had lost consciousness or not, but was able to remember Alexander driving away.

Police received a call just after 2am from a woman who was clearly in distress and had difficulty speaking - possibly due to injury to her mouth.

She was taken to hospital by officers. She suffered swelling to her jaw, cuts inside her lip, mouth and to her nose, and bruising to her right eye.

Alexander admitted knowing the woman and being in the area but said he didn't assault her.

Detective Constable Jennie Holland, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This was a violent and unprovoked assault that, thankfully, did not leave the victim with lasting injuries.

"It took courage for the victim to come forward and we hope it sends a clear message that we will not tolerate violence on the streets. I hope this encourages other sex workers to have confidence in us and come forward."

Alexander, who was convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, has been given bail conditions until he is sentenced on 25 February
