```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who followed a woman home and attempted to sexually assault her has been jailed for nine years.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who followed woman and tried to sexually assault her jailed for nine years
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/man-who-followed-woman-and-tried-to-sexually-assault-her-jailed-for-nine-years/
publish:
  date: 16:37 08/04/2020
title: Man who followed woman and tried to sexually assault her jailed for nine years | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/man-who-followed-woman-and-tried-to-sexually-assault-her-jailed-for-nine-years/
```

A man who followed a woman home and attempted to sexually assault her has been jailed for nine years.

Lukasz Wesolowski, 38, of no fixed address, followed a lone woman from Bridge Street in Stafford town centre to a road in Rowley Park where he grabbed her from behind and held her mouth and nose.

The woman was unable to scream or breathe but managed to break free and run home, without her belongings, after Wesolowski loosened his grip. The 38-year-old then fled the scene.

An appeal was issued, urging Wesolowski to hand himself in to detectives the following day.

Following a CCTV trawl, detectives found footage of the 38-year-old hiding in bay windows before he grabbed the woman and more footage of him running from the scene.

Wesolowski was sentenced at Stafford Crown Court today (8 April) after pleading guilty to commit an offence with the intent to commit a sexual offence and false imprisonment.

He was sentenced to nine years for the first offence and 32 months for false imprisonment, to run concurrently.

Detective Constable Howard Davies, from CID, said: "This was an attack on a vulnerable woman who was simply heading home after an enjoyable night with her friends.

"Wesolowski could be seen to hide behind bay windows allowing him to get close to his victim before attacking her. Thankfully due to her actions, she managed to break free physically unharmed but physically very shaken up.

"I would just like to thank the public for their swift response to our initial media appeal which helped to forward this investigation and positively identify the offender."
