```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Members of the public in East Staffordshire who are keen to learn more about the challenging and varied world of policing are being given an opportunity to sign up to a free 10-week course.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: East Staffordshire residents given opportunity to get unique insight into policing
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/east-staffordshire-residents-given-opportunity-to-get-unique-insight-into-policing/
publish:
  date: 14:45 14/02/2020
title: East Staffordshire residents given opportunity to get unique insight into policing | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/east-staffordshire-residents-given-opportunity-to-get-unique-insight-into-policing/
```

Members of the public in East Staffordshire who are keen to learn more about the challenging and varied world of policing are being given an opportunity to sign up to a free 10-week course.

Staffordshire Police is relaunching its Citizens' Academy - an education programme where local residents from all walks of life can learn more about the work of the force through a range of different sessions.

Course participants will have the chance to spend two hours per week taking part in interactive sessions to enable them to understand and learn more about a variety of different aspects of Staffordshire Police. This will include police powers and investigations, the latest technology in forensics, the aims of local policing and the challenges faced by specialist departments from officers and staff, including firearms officers and specialist investigators.

The 10-week programme, which takes place every Tuesday evening for two hours, will start on Tuesday 3 March at the Princess Resource and Community Centre on Princess Street in Burton, DE14 2NW, from 6pm.

The academy was previously rolled out in Stafford Borough and Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team areas last year and is planned across other local policing teams.

Chief Inspector Clair Langley, commander for East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "The Citizens' Academy is a fantastic scheme that helps members of the public to understand more about their local policing teams and some of the challenges we face and overcome.

"The programme provides a unique insight into modern day policing and we want to share the work that goes on every day here in East Staffordshire - and also to help showcase the work of our specialist teams too.

"It's a fantastic opportunity for anyone who wants to find out more about what we do and why - whilst also allowing us to interact with members of our local communities and provide information on how residents in East Staffordshire can help support the work that we do.

"The sessions will be interactive and I hope that the programme appeals to local residents who want to be involved in shaping local policing services and may want to learn more about the many different volunteering opportunities we offer on a longer term basis."

Upon successful completion of the Academy programme, members will receive a certificate in an informal graduation ceremony. The certificate would be a valuable addition to a CV and demonstrates both active citizenship and a desire to improve local community services.

Opportunities to continue to engage with the force at the conclusion of the programme will also be promoted - such as becoming a Police Service Volunteer, joining the Special Constabulary, becoming a Cadet Leader for our young cadets or joining groups such as Safer Neighbourhood Panels to scrutinise and therefore continuously improve the service delivered.
Applicants must have no existing employment or volunteering role with Staffordshire Police and be a resident in East Staffordshire. Places are limited. Attendance from black and minority ethnic groups is also particularly encouraged as these are groups of society that are currently under-represented during these courses.

To find out more or sign up, email Scott.Gidman@staffordshire.pnn.police.uk.
