```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A roads policing specialist who has worked on serious crime investigations has set out on a new journey as Tamworth\u2019s area commander."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former roads policing investigator sets out on new journey as Tamworth area commander
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/former-roads-policing-investigator-sets-out-on-new-journey-as-tamworth-area-commander/
publish:
  date: 10:38 12/06/2020
title: Former roads policing investigator sets out on new journey as Tamworth area commander | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/former-roads-policing-investigator-sets-out-on-new-journey-as-tamworth-area-commander/
```

A roads policing specialist who has worked on serious crime investigations has set out on a new journey as Tamworth's area commander.

Chief Inspector Paul Talbot brings a wealth of experience to the role, including roads policing and serious crime investigations, as well as developing the way officers support bereaved families.
Paul set up a dedicated family liaison bereavement unit, following his experience policing the county's major roads.
"We looked at feedback from families and listened closely and understood we needed to make changes and professionalise this part of the job.
"If you are dealing with families who are struggling with the death of a family member you have to be able to give them your total attention and support and ensure the information they receive is accurate and timely."
He says that, through no fault of their own, officers could be talking to the bereaved and an incident would happen and they might be called away.
"You're committed to them. You can't be expected to just get up and go," he says.
Paul was one of the first family liaison officers (FLOs) in his traffic department, so has always taken a keen interest in caring for the bereaved and ensuring they are supported and kept up to date with investigations.
He joined the police in 1997 and has worked in serious and organised crime, traffic and response, among other policing core roles.
Paul was born in Staffordshire and grew up in Stafford. After a brief stint in retail at Fort in Birmingham he joined West Midlands Police, serving in Walsall and Wolverhampton in neighbourhood and response roles.
He also served in traffic and regional crime, working on operations to target car thieves across the West Midlands.
He had been working with Central Motorways Policing Group (CMPG), as investigations lead, so already working across Staffordshire and the West Midlands when he decided to make the move back to his home county in 2017.
"I enjoyed my time in West Midlands Police but it was great to return to Staffordshire, where I live and grew up, to do the job I love doing."
He's excited about his new role in Tamworth and following in former area commander Ash Farrington's footsteps.
"They're big shoes to step into. Ash was a key member of the community here - well known and well respected," Paul says.
"It's great to take on a team with such a positive attitude and some great ideas."
"I bring a lot of experience, particularly in dealing with car crime and roads policing, but I'm here to listen to my team and my community. I value honesty and transparency and an environment where, if mistakes are made, we learn from them and get better."
Outside of work Paul is a keen motorcyclist who also enjoys walking his dog, but due to age and injury has kicked his rugby days into touch.
