```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Tackling County Lines gangs, cracking down on rural crime and domestic abuse, while improving community safety and developing diversion activities for youths.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Plainclothes action team among plans for new East Staffs area commander
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/plainclothes-action-team-among-plans-for-new-east-staffs-area-commander/
publish:
  date: 10:08 31/01/2020
title: Plainclothes action team among plans for new East Staffs area commander | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/plainclothes-action-team-among-plans-for-new-east-staffs-area-commander/
```

Tackling County Lines gangs, cracking down on rural crime and domestic abuse, while improving community safety and developing diversion activities for youths.

These plans are among the priorities for Chief Inspector Clair Langley, who started in her new role as East Staffordshire's Area Commander on 6 January.

Clair is delighted to be back on an area where she has run a number of major investigations.
She joined Staffordshire Police in 1997 and has been involved in investigations for more than 15 years.

In 2015/16 she ran an operation targeting organised crime groups in Burton and more recently ran an investigation into modern day slavery at a nail bar in the town which reached as far afield as Bristol and London.

She served as Chief Inspector for Newcastle-under-Lyme for 18 months and is now keen to get stuck into a number of projects in East Staffordshire.

"It's an area I'm familiar with, having worked as a Detective Sergeant and Detective Inspector in Burton."

Among her priorities are tackling drugs coming into the area from Derby and Birmingham.
"I'm going to be introducing a plainclothes Neighbourhood action team who will focus on organised crime groups, so they'll be looking at County Lines and crimes including burglary and theft of and from motor vehicles."

Clair also has responsibility force-wide for hate crime and has also piloted activity targeting domestic abuse.

She is keen to see the police force reflect the community it serves and would like to see the force recruit more women and members of Burton's BAME Communities.

Clair also wants to work closely with partners to tackle anti-social behaviour. She is a keen advocate of diversion work to reduce youth offending and is excited about police involvement in a football tournament at Burton Albion FC on February 22.

Teams of youngsters will compete for the chance to play at a regional event Stoke City's Bet365 stadium in May.

"Diversion activities are an important part of creating a positive environment and giving youngsters a chance to build confidence and skills and avoid crime," she adds.
