```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A 30-year-old man\u2019s been jailed after he drove dangerously and erratically across Stoke-on-Trent, failing to stop for officers."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after driving dangerously across city
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/man-jailed-after-driving-dangerously-across-city/
publish:
  date: 08:58 05/02/2021
title: Man jailed after driving dangerously across city | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/man-jailed-after-driving-dangerously-across-city/
```

A 30-year-old man's been jailed after he drove dangerously and erratically across Stoke-on-Trent, failing to stop for officers.

Ethan Vernall of Lichfield Road, Stone, was sentenced to 14 months behind bars and disqualified from driving for three years and seven months after being found guilty of drug driving, failing to stop and other related offences.

The charges relate to an incident late on 19 April 2020 when Vernall was seen speeding in a blue, VW Golf by plain clothes officers on King Street, Fenton. He failed to stop and officers followed him for 40 minutes across Stoke On Trent, before he was eventually caught out by a police stinger having driven the wrong way up the A50, stopping on the slip road at Normacot.

A large quantity of drugs were seized as well as approximately £3,000 in cash.

A second man was also arrested at the scene for drugs offences. He has since been released under investigation.

PC Thomas Cordall from Staffordshire Police's Roads Policing Unit said: "Vernall's actions put other members of the public at risk and he showed that he was going to do whatever it took to not be stopped by police.

"Thanks to great partnership work with the National Police Air Service and shift 5 response officers we were able to detain Vernall safely without further incident.

"I welcome the courts verdict and the sentence handed to Vernall. I hope this sends a clear message to those using our roads that we will use all available tactics to bring those intent on committing crime to justice."

Head of the force's Operational Support Directorate, Chief Superintendent Elliott Sharrard-Williams said: "Through our work with Operation Lightning we continue to do all we can to ensure these dangerous drivers are taken off our roads and our communities are safe.

"Our partnership with the National Police Air Service is key in achieving this as they can safely monitor a situation when our officers on the ground can't."

To report crime in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
