```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police officers moved swiftly over the weekend to dismantle two more cannabis growing operations and disrupt drugs operations in and around Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two cannabis growing operations raided in and around Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/two-cannabis-growing-operations-raided-in-and-around-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 15:49 08/03/2021
title: Two cannabis growing operations raided in and around Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/two-cannabis-growing-operations-raided-in-and-around-stoke-on-trent/
```

Police officers moved swiftly over the weekend to dismantle two more cannabis growing operations and disrupt drugs operations in and around Stoke-on-Trent.

We received a call from Western Power at about 12:15am yesterday (Sunday 7 March) regarding suspicious activity their readings were picking up for a property in Station Road, Madeley, near Newcastle-under-Lyme.

Two men are believed to have run off after being disturbed by the utility firm's workers, one wearing a hoodie and slippers.

Officers attended and gained entry as Western Power had already made the building safe. Some 146 plants were found across three rooms on the top floor and in the roof.

Two vehicles were also seized from the driveway and the building was boarded up and secured by 4.20pm.

And also yesterday in Blurton Road, Blurton, Stoke-on-Trent, a member of the public called to alert us to suspicious activity at about 10.35pm.

Officers attended to find the front door wide open and lights on in a property. A search uncovered 60 cannabis plants and living quarters on the ground floor and another 60 plants upstairs spread across two bedrooms.

Western Power also attended and had cut off the electricity supply to the property by 5am today (Monday 8 March). The property was sealed off and boarded up by 1pm this afternoon.

Anyone with any information on either of these properties should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 8 or 800 of 7 March, or alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
