```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who repeatedly stabbed his victim and made threats to chop off his head in an attack at a house in Stoke-on-Trent been found guilty of attempted murder.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man who threatened to chop off victim\u2019s head found guilty of attempted murder"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/man-who-threatened-to-chop-off-victims-head-found-guilty-of-attempted-murder/
publish:
  date: 17:17 13/03/2020
title: "Man who threatened to chop off victim\u2019s head found guilty of attempted murder | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/man-who-threatened-to-chop-off-victims-head-found-guilty-of-attempted-murder/
```

A man who repeatedly stabbed his victim and made threats to chop off his head in an attack at a house in Stoke-on-Trent been found guilty of attempted murder.

A man who repeatedly stabbed his victim and made threats to chop off his head in an attack at a house in Stoke-on-Trent been found guilty of attempted murder.

Adam Shaw, 34, was found guilty of attempted murder and possessing an offensive weapon at Stafford Crown Court today (March 13).

The court heard that Shaw, of Furlong Road, Tunstall, had gone to an address in Mallorie Road, Norton at 11pm on 10 September last year.

He set about his 19-year-old victim with a machete in the back garden of the property and caused substantial injuries to his head, arms and hands.

Shaw's victim lost a fingertip in the assault. Shaw was heard to shout 'I'm going to chop your head off' by witnesses in the house.

Charlotte Hanks, 31, of Trentside Road, Norton, was also present during the attack and pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice at an earlier hearing.

Shaw made off in a car, while his victim fled, bleeding, into a nearby garden and an ambulance was called.

Police recovered a machete in the back garden of the property. They also recovered the victim's fingertip. Forensic work, gathering of CCTV and witness statements led to the arrests.

Detective constable Phil Pegg, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We are glad justice has been served and Shaw has been found guilty. This was a violent, premeditated attack with a disturbing level of violence.

"We want to send out a clear message that we will not tolerate this behaviour and do whatever we can to bring offenders before the courts."

They will be sentenced on 6 April.

** **
