```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Cash and drugs have been seized and six arrests made as Operation Disrupt returned to East Staffordshire yesterday (Oct 8).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs and cash seized and six arrests made as Op Disrupt returns to East Staffs
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/drugs-and-cash-seized-and-six-arrests-made-as-op-disrupt-returns-to-east-staffs/
publish:
  date: 16:39 09/10/2020
title: Drugs and cash seized and six arrests made as Op Disrupt returns to East Staffs | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/drugs-and-cash-seized-and-six-arrests-made-as-op-disrupt-returns-to-east-staffs/
```

Cash and drugs have been seized and six arrests made as Operation Disrupt returned to East Staffordshire yesterday (Oct 8).

Officers from East Staffs Neighbourhood Policing Team were out and about carrying out stop checks of vehicles and searches, resulting in arrests for suspected drugs offences, drug driving, possessing indecent images and carrying a weapon.

Andrew Eaton, aged 49, of Calais Road, has been charged with possessing a lock-knife in the street where he resides and will appear before magistrates.

A 20-year-old Burton man, wanted by another Force on suspicion of rape, was arrested. Two men, aged 21 and 33, from Burton, were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.

A 38-year-old Burton man was stopped in Station Street and arrested for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and cannabis. Cash has been seized and enquiries are ongoing.

Officers searched a 50-year-old Burton man and a 37-year-old woman from Leicestershire, also in Calais Road, and cautioned them for possession of drugs following interview.

A 25-year-old Burton man was stopped and arrested in Horninglow Road on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs.

Officers also carried out numerous vehicle stops on the A50 and A38 and executed a warrant in Stapenhill and address checks.

Chief Inspector Clair Langley, area commander for East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Our teams have worked hard with support from specialist units and we're seeing the results. We have made a number of arrests and seized drugs, cash and suspected stolen property.

"We're delighted to be playing our part, along with all the other neighbourhood teams, in disrupting crime and tackling those who'd bring drugs into our county."

Operation Disrupt is in its third week. In the first fortnight officers made 146 arrests across the county.
