```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A couple from Tamworth have received lengthy jail terms after pleading guilty to a series of non-recent sexual offences against children.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tamworth couple jailed for 25 years for series of child sex abuse offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tamworth-couple-jailed-for-25-years-for-series-of-child-sex-abuse-offences/
publish:
  date: 09:15 20/01/2021
title: Tamworth couple jailed for 25 years for series of child sex abuse offences | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tamworth-couple-jailed-for-25-years-for-series-of-child-sex-abuse-offences/
```

A couple from Tamworth have received lengthy jail terms after pleading guilty to a series of non-recent sexual offences against children.

Kevin Hitt, aged 56, was jailed for sixteen-and-a-half years (January 18) in a hearing at Stafford Crown Court and given a sexual harm prevention order and placed on the sex offenders' register for life.

His wife, Nicola Hitt, aged 53, was jailed for eight years three months and also subject to a sexual harm prevention order and added to the register for life.

The court heard that an investigation began after detectives from Staffordshire Police were made aware of non-recent allegations of abuse against children which were made to another police force.

A search was conducted at the couple's Avill address in Tamworth in October 2019 and items were confiscated including video footage of abuse and also pornographic images.

Kevin Hitt pleaded guilty to 21 charges in total, including seven charges of engaging in a sexual act in the presence of a child, ten counts of causing a boy or girl to engage in a sexual act without penetration, and four counts of causing a child to watch sex.

Nicola Hitt pleaded guilty to five counts of causing a boy or girl to engage in sexual activity without penetration and four counts of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child. The offences took place between 2008 and 2014.

The couple, formerly of Tamworth, gave an address in Gosport, Hampshire, during the hearing.

Detective Constable Kat Middleton, of Staffordshire Police, said: "I want to thank the witnesses for coming forward and having the bravery to speak about the harm they suffered, allowing us to bring Kevin and Nicola Hitt before the courts.

"I hope these jail sentences demonstrate that we will always do whatever it takes to bring offenders to justice, while ensuring victims and their families are offered the support they need."

Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse, or suspects others may be subject to sexual abuse, is urged to contact Staffordshire Police on 101.

Alternatively, the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
