```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Please find statements from our colleagues at West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit and Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update from West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit and Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/update-from-west-midlands-counter-terrorism-unit-and-deputy-chief-constable-nick-baker/
publish:
  date: 20:22 01/12/2019
title: Update from West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit and Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/update-from-west-midlands-counter-terrorism-unit-and-deputy-chief-constable-nick-baker/
```

Updated News Post

Please find update statements from our colleagues at West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit and Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker.

**Statement from West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit**

**Update - 8pm**

A 34-year old-man, arrested last night on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts, has been recalled to prison due to a suspected breach of his licence conditions.

Enquires by West Midlands CTU into the suspected terrorism offences are continuing.

**

**Officers from the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit have arrested a man in Stoke-on-Trent.

A search warrant was conducted last night (30 Nov) in connection to a wider on-going review of existing licence conditions of convicted terrorism offenders.

As a result of a search of his home address, the 34-year-old was arrested on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts contrary to Section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006.

These searches continue.

There is no information to suggest that the arrested man was involved in the incident at London Bridge on Friday. **

**There was no immediate risk to public safety. **

Statement from Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker:**

Staffordshire Police continue to carry out further enhanced neighbourhood patrols to reassure local communities following the incident which took place in London on Friday and the arrest of a man last night in Stoke-on-Trent by West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit in connection to a wider on-going review of existing licence conditions of convicted terrorism offenders.

People will be aware that the man who carried out the attack in London was living in Staffordshire. Two properties in the county continue to be searched and cordons remain in place at these locations as detectives and forensic officers continue with their investigation.

These incidents have resulted in intense focus on the county and I would like to thank local communities and partners for their support and understanding while these crucial enquiries continue.

We are working closely with our colleagues in Counter Terrorism Policing to support their investigation which continues at pace to establish the full circumstances of what happened and to ensure there is no related outstanding threat to the public.

We urge people to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activities or activity to police, in confidence online at gov.uk/ACT . In an emergency always call 999.
