```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police have shut down a cannabis grow at a house in Tamworth.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis grow found in Tamworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/cannabis-grow-found-in-tamworth/
publish:
  date: 12:21 12/02/2021
title: Cannabis grow found in Tamworth | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/cannabis-grow-found-in-tamworth/
```

Police have shut down a cannabis grow at a house in Tamworth.

Officers discovered six plants inside an address on Lintly in Stonydelph just before 2.30pm on Wednesday.

While there was nobody in the property at the time, detectives were aware of a vehicle thought to be associated with the address.

**Pictured: Cannabis found at the property**

A short time later, officers with the Central Motorway Police Group (CMPG) stopped a car in Birmingham where two men - aged 32 and 30 - were arrested on suspicion of the production of cannabis. The 32-year-old was later released with no further action, while the 30-year-old was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The discovery in Tamworth was made by the Disruption Team South - a team of detectives set up to run various operations investigating drug lines in the county and protect vulnerable residents.

**Pictured: Cannabis at the property**

Detective Sergeant Jon Bradbury said: "We will continue to gather intelligence and shut down illegal ventures such as this one in Tamworth. I am grateful to the local neighbourhood policing team and our colleagues from CMPG for playing their part in our ongoing investigation."

Sergeant Gary Harborow, of Tamworth Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We will not tolerate drug production and misuse in Tamworth and I am pleased to see this operation closed down.

"Our neighbourhood officers are regularly out on patrol identifying where there are issues around drugs in the area and taking the appropriate action."

**Pictured: Cannabis at the property**

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 248 of February 10, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
