```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Motorway officers clamp down on Christmas drink drivers
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorway officers clamp down on Christmas drink drivers
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/motorway-officers-clamp-down-on-christmas-drink-drivers/
publish:
  date: 15:26 19/12/2019
title: Motorway officers clamp down on Christmas drink drivers | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/motorway-officers-clamp-down-on-christmas-drink-drivers/
```

Police in Staffordshire say anyone caught drink driving this Christmas can expect to face "severe ramifications."

Staffordshire Police's Central Motorway Policing officers have been breathalysing motorists at service stations across the county as part of the force's #drinkORdrive campaign. They've been paying particular attention to "morning after drivers" - who might not realise they're over the limit.

Sergeant Rob Gilligan from the CMPG's D Unit says, "Unfortunately, there's a lot more temptation for motorists at this time of year with the Christmas parties.

"People need to understand the effects of the morning after as well - people who wouldn't normally drink and drive are going out and celebrating and perhaps not thinking about the journey home - or the journey they're going to be taking the next morning.

"If you're going to drink or take drugs - don't drive and make sure you plan your way home.

"If you do take the risk there's a good chance you're going to get stopped. If you are stopped you're likely to get arrested, sent to court and you may well lose your job - the ramifications can be quite severe."

This campaign supports on-going work as part of the force's Operation Lightning, which aims to reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries on the roads of Staffordshire and to disrupt and deter criminals from using the road network.

The public are also encouraged to report drink and drug drivers with as much information and detail as possible so they can be investigated. If you know someone who drink or drug drives you can report them online or by calling 101. Alternatively if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If there is an immediate risk to the public always call 999.

CMPG
