```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A joint operation between Staffordshire Police and the National Police Air Service has ended in the conviction of an off-road biker in Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Joint operation in Stoke-on-Trent sees off-road biker convicted
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/joint-operation-in-stoke-on-trent-sees-off-road-biker-convicted/
publish:
  date: 10:28 05/02/2021
title: Joint operation in Stoke-on-Trent sees off-road biker convicted | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/joint-operation-in-stoke-on-trent-sees-off-road-biker-convicted/
```

A joint operation between Staffordshire Police and the National Police Air Service has ended in the conviction of an off-road biker in Stoke-on-Trent.

The operation - carried out on Sunday 14 June 2020 - was part of the force's fight against nuisance off-road bikes and the police helicopter was already up when we received a report of a man driving a mini-motorbike, with a child on board.

NPAS tracked the man - who we now know to be 27-year-old Christopher Stanier - as he headed towards the Bentilee Estate - offloading the child to a white van which was later intercepted by police.

Stanier travelled through Adderley Green, Weston Coyney, across the A500 & into the Meir Park area using a mixture of roads, footpaths, alleyways, public tracks & fields.

The 27-year-old failed to stop for the force's off-road bikes and continued to travel through a public fields towards a housing estate.

After a short pursuit by our off-road motorcyclists Christopher Stanier of Harrowby Road, Meir was arrested and has since pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving without a license, driving whilst over the prescribed drug limit and failing to stop.

He was handed a Community Order, fine and disqualified from driving for 18 months following an appearance at North Staffordshire Magistrates on Thursday 4 February 2021.

PC Craig Beardsley of the force's Road Policing Unit helps organise these joint operations. He said: "Stanier showed little regard for the safety of himself or the young child - with neither wearing helmets nor the necessary safety gear.

"He was over the legal limit for cannabis and put himself and the child at a great risk of serious injury. Fortunately, no one was hurt.

"We are acutely aware of the impact nuisance motorcyclists have on our communities across Stoke-on-Trent and we are doing all we can to limit the alarm and distress to local residents.

"We continue to work to target those responsible and we can do this with the help of colleagues at the National Police Air Service. The helicopter is a great tool in allowing us to track and tackle nuisance motorcyclists in a safe manner - giving us a unique perspective on an unfolding incident. This helps reduce the risk to the public, to officers and to the rider themselves."

Head of the force's Operational Support Directorate, Chief Superintendent Elliott Sharrard-Williams said: "The partnership we have with the National Police Air Service is pivotal in tackling off-road bikers and we will continue to do what we can to keep our communities safe.

"I urge the public to continue reporting incidents of this nature and help us to help them. The data provided by these reports helps us ensure the helicopter is deployed at the right time and in the right place - allowing us to intercept more of these nuisance riders."

To report crime in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
