```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A burglar who tried to hide from officers in a cupboard has been jailed for 30 months.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar who was found in cupboard jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/burglar-who-was-found-in-cupboard-jailed/
publish:
  date: 15:15 15/05/2020
title: Burglar who was found in cupboard jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/burglar-who-was-found-in-cupboard-jailed/
```

A burglar who tried to hide from officers in a cupboard has been jailed for 30 months.

Ashley Bowen, 29, of Stockington Avenue, Stoke-on-Trent, broke into Co-op in Endon on 3 December last year and tried to steal cigarettes using an angle grinder to open a cigarette cabinet.

The court heard that Bowen opened the doors of the premises on Leek Road with a crowbar just before midnight and jumped over the counter and attempted to open the cabinet.

After numerous failed attempts, he returned a short while later with an angle grinder but still failed to open it. Bowen then attempted to attack an ATM machine within the store with the angle grinder but still failed. He left empty handed but caused substantial damage in the store.

Bowen went on the run from police for over a month but was rumbled and arrested when officers found him hiding in a cupboard in an address on Winchester Avenue in Bentilee on 18 January.

Detective Constable David Stubbs, from force CID, said: "Bowen persisted in his efforts to get cigarettes from the store but we persisted in our efforts to catch him.

"Those who commit crime will be brought to justice."

Bowen was sentenced at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday (14 May) after pleading guilty to assault by beating, damaging property, burglary, dangerous driving, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance on May 28 2019. He was also sentenced after pleading guilty to obstructing a police officer on January 18.

He was jailed for 18 months for the burglary on 3 December and two months for damaging property. He was also jailed for 10 months for dangerous driving in connection with a separate offence.

He was also disqualified from driving for 27 months and ordered to take an extended driving test.
