```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police chiefs across the south of the county are urging people to continue to do their bit this bank holiday weekend to control the spread of the virus by staying at home as much as possible and keeping their distance from other people when they are out and about.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police chiefs appeal to country park visitors to stick with guidelines to help control Covid spread
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/police-chiefs-appeal-to-country-park-visitors-to-stick-with-guidelines-to-help-control-covid-spread/
publish:
  date: 12:08 21/05/2020
title: Police chiefs appeal to country park visitors to stick with guidelines to help control Covid spread | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/police-chiefs-appeal-to-country-park-visitors-to-stick-with-guidelines-to-help-control-covid-spread/
```

Police chiefs across the south of the county are urging people to continue to do their bit this bank holiday weekend to control the spread of the virus by staying at home as much as possible and keeping their distance from other people when they are out and about.

Although there have been changes to the lockdown guidelines, the threat of infection hasn't gone away and in some areas of the county we are not seeing a reduction in cases, which is a cause for concern.

We are reminding people that the government guidance is clear that gatherings of more than two people from different households are not allowed, as this poses a significant risk of spreading the virus.

Following the changes increasing numbers of people have chosen to exercise at popular spots across the south of the county including Cannock Chase, Kinver Edge and Blithfield Reservoir, among others.

With warm weather expected this weekend senior police officers are reinforcing the call for the public to keep their distance from other people not from their household, especially where large numbers of visitors have congregated at popular locations such as heathland and country parks.

Chief Inspector Becky Hyde, area commander for Cannock Chase, said the Chase had been very busy in recent days.

"We understand why people want to be here, especially after an already lengthy lockdown. But Covid-19 has not gone away and we all have a duty to protect ourselves, our families and other members of our community who may be more vulnerable.

"Please stay within household groups and keep 2m away from other groups not from your household. Overall, people have been really good and acted responsibly in public places and it's important the good work is not undone."

She added that people travelling to the Chase and other areas should ensure they did not leave valuables on display in cars.

Chief Inspector Clair Langley, area commander for East Staffordshire, said officers had been patrolling Shobnall Fields in Burton and police had also attended Blithfield Reservoir where performance car enthusiasts had organised a gathering.

"We have seen some relaxing of the guidelines but it is so important that we continue to work together to prevent the infection rate increasing and risking lives."
