```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Neighbourhood police officers have put charity on the menu after donating profits from their tuck shop to help snap up seasonal gifts for struggling families in Newcastle.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018Nobody should miss out at Christmas\u2019 - Teenagers to receive seasonal gifts as officers help charity"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/nobody-should-miss-out-at-christmas---teenagers-to-receive-seasonal-gifts-as-officers-help-charity/
publish:
  date: 13:51 24/12/2020
title: "\u2018Nobody should miss out at Christmas\u2019 - Teenagers to receive seasonal gifts as officers help charity | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/nobody-should-miss-out-at-christmas---teenagers-to-receive-seasonal-gifts-as-officers-help-charity/
```

Neighbourhood police officers have put charity on the menu after donating profits from their tuck shop to help snap up seasonal gifts for struggling families in Newcastle.

Proceeds from snacks sold to Newcastle Neighbourhood Policing Team came to around £60 with officers getting in touch with the local Alice Charity to see how best the cash should be spent.

After talking to the charity - which helps various families across North Staffordshire - the officers went out to purchase toiletry gift sets for teenage boys.

PCSO Steve Edge said: "The charity has been going for a number of years and has a base in Newcastle so we are aware of all the good work that they do. They help different vulnerable people across the area and do some great work.

"Our tuck shop, run by PCSO Dave Troy, brought in around £60 in 'profit' and we asked the charity what they needed at the moment and they said toiletries for teenagers.

"We managed to get about 20 gift sets which we have delivered to the charity. It is important that everyone in the family is thought about at this time of year and we don't want anyone to be forgotten about."

Fellow PCSO Neil Moffatt, who helped make the delivery, added: "I am really pleased to be helping the charity as they help so many people."

Emily Petts, family support director at the Alice Charity, says thousands of gifts are set to be distributed this Christmas - along with food bundles to help families enjoy a festive meal. She said: "We have received messages from families who need help and we also work closely with the police and local authority around identifying those who need our help. We have around 40 food parcels going out which mean families will have everything they need for a Christmas meal. We are also sending out thousands of presents so everyone has something to open on Christmas morning.

"We spoke to PCSO Edge around getting some items for teenage boys. We find that perhaps when a teenager is a carer or they have younger siblings they will sacrifice having a gift so others have them, and we just don't want this to happen. Older children are sometimes quite aware that there is not much money coming into the household and therefore don't ask for anything.

"We are really pleased the police in Newcastle have been able to help us."
