```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Staffordshire Police will be joining the nation in paying tribute to the bravery and sacrifice of the Second World War generation during this week\u2019s 75th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE Day)."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staffordshire Police urge people to stay at home for VE Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/staffordshire-police-urge-people-to-stay-at-home-for-ve-day/
publish:
  date: 16:10 06/05/2020
title: Staffordshire Police urge people to stay at home for VE Day | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/staffordshire-police-urge-people-to-stay-at-home-for-ve-day/
```

Staffordshire Police will be joining the nation in paying tribute to the bravery and sacrifice of the Second World War generation during this week's 75th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE Day).

Officers and staff will join in a moment on of reflection and remembrance at 11am on Friday 8 May, for VE Day, where operationally able, pausing for a two-minute silence to honour the sacrifice made, as well as reflect on the devastating impact Covid-19 has had on so many lives across the world.

To help keep people safe as we fight today's battle, the force is asking people to play their part and mark the occasion by staying at home.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "We know it's difficult, but please continue to stay at home this VE Day to remember their sacrifice and play an important part in helping to save lives and to protect today's elderly and vulnerable, many from the generation who survived the last war or whose loved ones fought in the war to protect us.

"Staffordshire continues to have strong connections with the armed forces and is home to the National Memorial Arboretum. While celebrations have had to be scaled back due to the ongoing pandemic, there are still plenty of ways that people can mark this special anniversary from home. Lockdown measures are working, let's not undo all our effort so far.

"While this is an important anniversary for the country, it is important to unite in our continued fight against Covid-19 and continue to stay home and only leave for essential reasons, maintaining social distancing if you do.

"I would urge people to ask themselves if the journey they are making or what they are doing is reasonable in the current situation. We all have a shared responsibility to protect the NHS, please apply your common sense and stay home.

"We will be united in remembering, even if we can't all be together."

The Royal British Legion has urged people to celebrate from their homes and will be holding a number of activities that we can all participate in throughout the day as we all remember the enormous sacrifices that were made at home and abroad.

We want everyone to commemorate the 75th anniversary of VE Day safely over the upcoming bank holiday weekend, but we must all continue to observe the Government advice. If you are concerned that you have seen a gathering which contravenes this guidance, we would encourage you to contact us via www.staffordshire.police.uk/report-online

For those looking at ways to celebrate VE75 at home or online, there are tips from the Government www.ve-vjday75.gov.uk and Royal British Legion at www.britishlegion.org.uk both set out how to celebrate safely at home and pay tribute to the heroes of the Second World War.
