```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: These are unprecedented times and I understand that people are very worried about the impact that the Coronavirus outbreak will have on their lives and local communities so I want to reassure people that Staffordshire Police continues to provide a robust policing service and to be here to keep the public safe.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A message from Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/a-message-from-deputy-chief-constable-nick-baker/
publish:
  date: 14:34 20/03/2020
title: A message from Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/a-message-from-deputy-chief-constable-nick-baker/
```

These are unprecedented times and I understand that people are very worried about the impact that the Coronavirus outbreak will have on their lives and local communities so I want to reassure people that Staffordshire Police continues to provide a robust policing service and to be here to keep the public safe.

Like so many people at the moment, the force's Chief Constable Gareth Morgan has taken the decision to self-isolate, in line with NHS guidance, after developing the symptoms of Covid-19. He is currently recuperating at home and will resume his normal duties as soon as possible.

We are working closely with our health colleagues and other partners to coordinate the response to the coronavirus outbreak and, as a service, we have tried and tested contingency plans in place to ensure we respond to emergencies should we experience increased demand or significant staff shortages.

Our policing duties are under constant review and we will continue to assess what to prioritise as the impact of coronavirus on the county and our own staff develops. This means we are reviewing some aspects of neighbourhood engagement and we may respond differently to minor anti-social behaviour and crime to enable us to focus on the most critical incidents should we have to. However, let me reassure you we will still have officers on duty day and night to deal with emergency 999 calls.

We are asking local communities to work with us during this time and to try and use our online reporting tools where possible so we can prioritise our response in supporting you and other emergency partners. Please try and report non-emergencies through Digital 101 via Facebook and Twitter or online via the force website where possible. Always call 999 in an emergency.

We will continue to keep you updated around any changes through the force website and our social media channels @staffspolice and Staffordshire Police on Facebook. Now is also a good time to sign up to our community messaging system - Smart Alert where you can get up to date messages relating to your local area.

People can join Staffordshire Smart Alert by visiting:

www.staffordshiresmartalert.co.uk

Finally, I am extremely proud of officers and staff who remain committed to doing their very best for local communities during this time. They are staying at work to keep people safe so please help them by staying at home and following the Government's advice and the latest health guidance.

Thank you for all your support

Nick Baker
Deputy Chief Constable
