```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Justin Bibby joins Staffordshire Police today (3 August) as Assistant Chief Constable (ACC) and will lead two Directorates \u2013 Investigations and Operational Support Directorates."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Assistant Chief Constable starts work at Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/new-assistant-chief-constable-starts-work-at-staffordshire-police/
publish:
  date: 11:41 03/08/2020
title: New Assistant Chief Constable starts work at Staffordshire Police | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/new-assistant-chief-constable-starts-work-at-staffordshire-police/
```

Justin Bibby joins Staffordshire Police today (3 August) as Assistant Chief Constable (ACC) and will lead two Directorates - Investigations and Operational Support Directorates.

He will be responsible for leading two directorates - Investigations and Operational Support.

Emma Barnett, who has been ACC for four years, has been promoted to Deputy Chief Constable and started her new role on Saturday.

Justin said: "I am delighted to have been appointed as the Assistant Chief Constable to serve the people of Staffordshire.

"I am looking forward to joining a great team of people, getting to know the force and its partners and having the privilege to serve the people of Staffordshire."

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "We are pleased to welcome ACC Bibby to Staffordshire Police. His work will be extremely valuable in supporting the force's priorities and play a key role in setting the strategic direction of policing in Staffordshire."

Justin became a police officer with Cumbria Constabulary and progressed through the ranks undertaking a number of roles including as an area commander and as temporary Assistant Chief Constable for Operations, and Crime and Safeguarding. He was the constabulary lead for victims and witnesses and diversity, equality and inclusion.

He is qualified as a strategic commander across firearms and public order/public safety. As commander for Operational Support he led the development of roads policing, firearms operations and Tactical Support and played an integral role in the transformation of criminal justice through digital development.

He completed the national Strategic Command Course in March 2020.

Justin is a keen runner and cyclist, he can regularly be found enjoying the great outdoors.
