```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "The first group of volunteers from Staffordshire Police\u2019s Special Constabulary have been put through their paces at a training course where they learn how to deal with a range of incidents from riots to crowded events."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: First cohort of special constables trained in public order
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/first-cohort-of-special-constables-trained-in-public-order/
publish:
  date: 10:48 14/02/2020
title: First cohort of special constables trained in public order | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/first-cohort-of-special-constables-trained-in-public-order/
```

The first group of volunteers from Staffordshire Police's Special Constabulary have been put through their paces at a training course where they learn how to deal with a range of incidents from riots to crowded events.

Five special constables successfully completed the public order training course earlier this month. The training, which takes place at the regional training unit in Albrighton, included officers from Staffordshire, West Midlands, West Mercia and Warwickshire where a range of policing courses are regularly run.

Officers and specials learn how to deal with public order and public safety incidents such as protests, disorder, football matches, tackling violent/armed people or any crowded events during the training.

As part of the course, officers were put in life-like scenarios where protests or disorders may escalate. The training includes a range of tactics including cordon patrolling and negotiating to missiles being thrown and how to tackle people armed with weapons.

Chief Officer of Staffordshire's Special Constabulary, Tony Athersmith, said: "The work that our specials do is vital and a fantastic help with our day-to-day policing - the Special Constabulary has never been so important.

"Training our first group of specials is all part of our work to develop more opportunities for our special constables and enable them to grow and develop as individuals.

"Having more trained in public order will help the force meet operational demand and ensure we have even more officers suitably trained to help safely manage a variety of events from football matches to serious disorder."
