```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who threw heroin and cocaine from a car as he tried to avoid capture by police has been jailed.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who threw drugs from car in bid to evade police jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/man-who-threw-drugs-from-car-in-bid-to-evade-police-jailed/
publish:
  date: 11:03 04/10/2019
title: Man who threw drugs from car in bid to evade police jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/man-who-threw-drugs-from-car-in-bid-to-evade-police-jailed/
```

A man who threw heroin and cocaine from a car as he tried to avoid capture by police has been jailed.

Stafford Crown Court heard that Mohammed Saeed Khan was involved in a County Lines operation bringing class A drugs from Birmingham to Staffordshire.

On 6 September 2018, a black Focus, which had been seen parked in Lichfield and then later in Tamworth, sped off towards Amington Road. Officers used a stinger device to bring it to a stop.

The car, driven by Mohammed Malik, reversed away from a police car at speed and the passenger, Mohammed Khan, threw a package from the window which landed on the pavement.

The package was seized and found to contain 24 wraps of heroin and 31 wraps of cocaine with a total street value estimated at £550.

While reversing at speed Malik collided with two cars and a police car. Malik and Khan were arrested at the scene.

Khan, aged 49, of Wretham Road, Lozells, Birmingham, was found guilty of possession with intent to supply heroin and cocaine and sentenced to two years nine months.

On 8 April 2019 Khan was searched at a property in MacGregor Close, Tamworth, during the execution of a warrant and found to be in possession of 11.8g of heroin and 11.9g of cocaine.

He was sentenced to 12 months for possession with intent to supply cocaine, with a further 12 months to be served concurrently for possession with intent to supply cocaine.

Taking into account a breach of a suspended sentence Khan received a total of three years 11 months in jail yesterday (Oct 3) at Stafford Crown Court.

Malik, aged 26, of Oakfield Road, Balsall Heath, Birmingham was sentenced on 11 March at Stafford Crown Court to to six months for dangerous driving, a further two months to be served concurrently for driving whilst disqualified and disqualified from driving for two years.

Detective Constable Emma Hill, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We're glad this case has resulted in a successful prosecution. Malik drove recklessly and it is fortunate no one was harmed. This was clearly an attempt to evade justice by Khan.

"We will not tolerate drug-dealing in Staffordshire and will work to protect our communities from County Lines activities."
