```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested early this morning in connection with a planned rave this weekend.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers make arrest in connection with planned rave this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/officers-make-arrest-in-connection-with-planned-rave-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 12:40 23/10/2020
title: Officers make arrest in connection with planned rave this weekend | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/officers-make-arrest-in-connection-with-planned-rave-this-weekend/
```

A man has been arrested early this morning in connection with a planned rave this weekend.

The arrest of the 21-year-old from Stafford was made as an operation to crack down on illegal raves continues.

He was arrested on suspicion of conspiring to cause a public nuisance and remains in custody at this time. Officers also seized communications equipment from the address in the south of the town.

Superintendent Carl Ratcliffe, Head of Safeguarding at Staffordshire Police, is leading the county-wide operation.

In June and July officers made 13 arrests in connection with a planned rave near Chasewater and five more arrests were made in relation to a planned rave near Rugeley.

On the weekend of June 13 a rave was stopped near Lichfield where 1,000 people had attended.

Superintendent Ratcliffe said the new lockdown measures coming into place meant it was even more important that people followed guidelines to prevent the spread of Covid-19.

He said: "We have a continuing, dedicated policing operation in place, with a much higher police presence in potential hot spot areas."

"Don't attend these events as they are illegal, unsafe and where we have seen drugs supply, public disorder and violence occur. We will intervene in incidents and seek to prosecute anyone who has organised or is taking part in any illegal raves in order to keep individuals and the wider community as safe as possible.''

"If you have any intelligence or hear about an event taking place, please get in touch with us so we can prevent it and ultimately save lives. The key to stopping these events is early intelligence."

If you suspect a rave/illegal gathering is being set up or there is suspicious activity, contact Staffordshire Police via Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The information available using @what3words or @ordnancesurvey will help officers to pinpoint the location.
