```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police are continuing to appeal for information after a series of catalytic converter thefts in south Staffordshire.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after catalytic converter thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/appeal-after-catalytic-converter-thefts/
publish:
  date: 09:16 16/03/2021
title: Appeal after catalytic converter thefts | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/appeal-after-catalytic-converter-thefts/
```

Police are continuing to appeal for information after a series of catalytic converter thefts in south Staffordshire.

Officers were called shortly after midnight on Thursday (11 March) to Richmond Drive in Perton following reports of suspicious activity.

The owner of a black Honda CRV approached three offenders, who were carrying drills, outside their address after spotting them working to take the catalytic converter.

An altercation ensued and the offenders, who are described as black and in their 20s, left the scene on foot.

No one was hurt but the vehicle owner was left shaken after being threatened by one of the men, described as black, 6'2 tall and of heavy build.

Minutes later, officers were alerted to another theft in the Perton area, on Benson Close, where a neighbour disrupted three offenders who made off with a catalytic converter from another silver Honda vehicle.

Officers are carrying out house-to-house inquiries and are reviewing CCTV footage of the local area.

Chief Inspector Dave Wain of the South Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, who is the policing lead for this type of crime, said: "We would urge anybody who witnesses an incident to call 999 immediately.

"Often offenders will raise a targeted vehicle on a jack to get to the catalytic convertor.

"We would like to remind people that the tools they carry for such offences are dangerous to others so we would encourage people not to approach them and to call 999 if the crime is in progress.

"We need people's help to tackle this issue so please try to safely obtain any key information such as registration numbers of vehicles carrying offenders and makes and models in case the plates have been changed along with descriptions of offenders."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 111 555.
