```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Lichfield are continuing with patrols in the city following a successful dispersal order earlier this week.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers step up engagement in Lichfield following successful dispersal order
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/officers-step-up-engagement-in-lichfield-following-successful-dispersal-order/
publish:
  date: 15:33 05/06/2020
title: Officers step up engagement in Lichfield following successful dispersal order | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/officers-step-up-engagement-in-lichfield-following-successful-dispersal-order/
```

Officers in Lichfield are continuing with patrols in the city following a successful dispersal order earlier this week.

The notice - granted under the Antisocial Behaviour act - gave powers to officers following reports of large groups gathering in and around Beacon Park.

The local policing team are continuing to work with the community supported by partners including Lichfield District Council to educate and advise people on the best ways to keep safe and within the current guidelines during this unprecedented time.

Chief Inspector Mark Smith from Lichfield's Neighbourhood Policing team said: "I'm really pleased that the order achieved its objective this week and - although we don't envisage having to issue any more - we won't be afraid of obtaining a further one should the need arise.

"It prevented any disorder from taking place, helped the community feel safe and reassured and gave my officers the power to move people on that were looking to cause trouble.

"This current time with Covid-19 is a challenging time for all of us and we're very much aware of the restrictions this situation continues to place on us.

"To make things as easy as possible for our communities, I have a patrol plan in place which covers key locations in the Lichfield policing area. Beacon Park, Chasetown, the city centre, National Memorial Arboretum and the railway stations - anywhere where there's potential for footfall.

"We'll be there to ensure my officers are visible in the community, to continue our engagement, education and encouragement of the public and to make sure we are doing all we can to support them in keeping to the government guidelines."
