```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: 'Officers have made seven arrests as part of a proactive policing operation to tackle drug crime.


    The arrests were made across the north of the county as officers from the Northern Disruptions Team, Staffordshire Moorlands and Newcastle neighbourhood policing teams, dealt with the supply of heroin and crack cocaine in the area'
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crackdown on drug crime in north Staffordshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/crackdown-on-durg-crime-in-north-staffordshire/
publish:
  date: 09:17 08/05/2020
title: Crackdown on drug crime in north Staffordshire | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/crackdown-on-durg-crime-in-north-staffordshire/
```

Officers have made eight arrests as part of a proactive policing operation to tackle drug crime.

The arrests were made across the north of the county as officers from the Northern Disruptions Team, Staffordshire Moorlands and Newcastle neighbourhood policing teams, dealt with the supply of heroin and crack cocaine in the area.

On Wednesday (29 April), a 17-year-old boy from Newcastle, and a 16-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, after being stopped by officers on Albert Street in Biddulph.

The next day (Thursday 30 April) a 21-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs. An 18-year-old man, also from Stoke-on-Trent, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug and being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

A 22-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested by officers on Tuesday (5 May) on suspicion of failing to appear at court.

Two men were arrested on Wednesday (6 May) following a vehicle stop on Grange Lane, in Newcastle-under-Lyme. A 31-year-old man from Newcastle was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and a 31-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

Officers later carried out a search at a property in Cheadle, where they discovered and seized a significant amount of cash.

Yesterday (Thursday 7 May) police executed a warrant under the misuse of drugs act at an address in Biddulph. They arrested a 40-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent at the property.

During the course of the operation officers seized suspected drugs, cash and mobile phones.

Sergeant Rob Peacock, deputy commander for the Staffordshire Moorlands neighbourhood policing team said, "This intelligence-led operation was carried out as part of a proactive policing investigation to tackle those who are causing the most harm to communities across north Staffordshire.

"We will continue to disrupt crime in the area and I would ask anyone concerned about drugs or anyone with information to report it to us online or call 101."
