```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A 57-year-old man has been sentenced to six years behind bars after admitting carrying out child sex offences in Stafford from 2017 to 2018.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to six years in prison over child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-over-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 13:05 21/01/2021
title: Man sentenced to six years in prison over child sex offences | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-over-child-sex-offences/
```

A 57-year-old man has been sentenced to six years behind bars after admitting carrying out child sex offences in Stafford from 2017 to 2018.

Kevin Briggs, from Birmingham, was sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on Friday 15 January after changing his plea during trial, admitting sexual activity with a child under 16.

Briggs refused to engage with officers when arrested and replied "no comment" when questioned in interview over the abuse of the 13-year-old female victim.

He was charged with a total of nine offences and changed his plea in relation to two of these during the course of legal proceedings.

He received a six-year sentence after admitting count five - engaging in sexual activity with a girl under 16. He received no separate penalty after pleading guilty to an additional charge of the same offence. Other charges remain on file.

Briggs was also placed on the sex offenders register for life and made subject of a barring order.

Detective Constable Andrea Chidgey of the force's the Rape and Serious Sexual Offences (RASSO) team, said: "I am pleased with the outcome of this case.

"Briggs deliberately preyed on a young vulnerable girl at a very fragile time in her life.

"He abused the victim's trust and manipulated her to such an extent that she came to believe what he was doing was not wrong.

"We hope she is now able to begin to come to terms with what has happened to her and rebuild her young life."

If you have been affected by child sexual abuse, please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or call 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 111 555.
