```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A Stafford man has been jailed for his part in a conspiracy to supply heroin and crack cocaine into the town from the West Midlands, following a successful police operation.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for conspiracy to supply heroin into Stafford
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/man-jailed-for-conspiracy-to-supply-heroin-into-stafford/
publish:
  date: 12:12 07/11/2019
title: Man jailed for conspiracy to supply heroin into Stafford | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/man-jailed-for-conspiracy-to-supply-heroin-into-stafford/
```

A Stafford man has been jailed for his part in a conspiracy to supply heroin and crack cocaine into the town from the West Midlands, following a successful police operation.

Aaron Wingate, 46, of Foregate Street, Stafford, was jailed for four years seven months at Stafford Crown Court (Nov 4) for his part in the conspiracy after being found guilty.

Ten men had already been sentenced last year, for a total of 53 years, for their part in the conspiracy.

The court heard that the police investigation began when Walsall man Kyle Stewart was arrested twice, in August and September 2015, in possession of heroin and crack cocaine in Stafford. Stewart, of Caldmore Road, was jailed for 10 years.

Stewart then entered into a partnership with men from Bilston and south London, and continued to supply drugs to Stafford.

They began using street dealers and expanded their operation to provide a 24/7 supply, recruiting others to assist.

Typically, a drug user would contact the drugs line, who would then contact the relevant street dealer to pass instructions on how to supply the drugs, the court was told.

Aaron Wingate and another man were next arrested for possession. On 17 February 2016 officers stopped a car on the M6 near Stafford and seized mobile phones, including the drugs line. There were also scales with traces of cocaine on them.

In April 2016, officers seized a new drugs line and arrested Bruno Semedo. The following month, Wingate and another man were arrested in possession of drugs.

Bruno Semedo, 22, of Talbot Street, Hockley, Birmingham, was jailed for three years 10 months last December after pleading guilty at a retrial.

Police constable Nathan Bromage, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This was a sophisticated operation with the capacity to supply crack cocaine and heroin 24/7, with offenders working shifts.

"We repeatedly disrupted the line used by this group and I'm pleased that the team's hard work has resulted in these sentences. We will not tolerate drug dealing in Stafford and we will bring offenders before the courts."

Thousands of pounds of cash and amounts of crack cocaine and heroin were seized during the operation.

If you suspect drug dealing in your community please call Staffordshire Police on 101 or the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
