```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "When PCSO Jas Mahil discovered the mess and upset caused by an offender stealing from an elderly resident\u2019s garden she decided to showcase her own horticultural abilities."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Green-fingered Stoke-on-Trent PCSO steps in to help elderly resident
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/green-fingered-stoke-on-trent-pcso-steps-in-to-help-elderly-resident/
publish:
  date: 16:20 06/01/2021
title: Green-fingered Stoke-on-Trent PCSO steps in to help elderly resident | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/green-fingered-stoke-on-trent-pcso-steps-in-to-help-elderly-resident/
```

When PCSO Jas Mahil discovered the mess and upset caused by an offender stealing from an elderly resident's garden she decided to showcase her own horticultural abilities.

A Cobridge grandmother contacted Staffordshire Police after three plant pots were stolen from her back garden - with the culprit emptying out the soil and bulbs onto the yard before leaving the scene.

And PCSO Mahil, who is part of the Stoke-on-Trent North Neighbourhood Policing Team, not only sourced some new pots but also planted bulbs in them before sweeping up the yard and returning it to how it was.

She said: "I had never met the lady before but I could see how much it had upset her and I just wanted to make her feel better.

"Whoever was responsible had made such a mess before stealing the pots, which meant a lot to her. I knew how much she enjoyed the garden and I wanted to get things back to how they were and restore her confidence."

PCSO Mahil, who covers the Cobridge area, also secured the gate leading to the garden and fitted a padlock. She said: "I got some plant pots and just sorted things out. It may not be part of the job but I feel my role is to support people in the community.

"We checked CCTV in the area and did some enquiries at local shops but have not been able to identify who was responsible. However, what I feel we have done is make this lady feel better."

The caring PCSO also shared the story of what had happened at Cobridge-based Old Rectory Kindergarten who sent over a bouquet of flowers and a card.

PCSO Mahil added: "This is a caring community and I will continue to check up on the lady every week."

The elderly resident has heaped praise on the PCSO. She said: "I think it's really kind of her and I am so pleased with everything she has done - she is such a kind lady.

"When it happened it did frighten me but I am so pleased with what Jas has done for me."

Chief Inspector Mark Barlow, commander of Stoke North NPT added: "Our PCSOs are part of the communities they serve and build up fantastic relationships with the people in those areas. They work extremely hard on initiatives to support victims of crime and also our more vulnerable residents."
