```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information over two incidents where men were seen trying to break into vans in Stoke overnight between Thursday (26 November) and Friday (27 November).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal over two further incidents involving vans in Stoke-on-Trent as Wolverhampton man handed 20-week term for theft from van in Stafford
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-appeal-over-two-further-incidents-involving-vans-in-stoke-on-trent-as-wolverhampton-man-handed-20-week-term-for-theft-from-van-in-stafford/
publish:
  date: 12:10 03/12/2020
title: Police appeal over two further incidents involving vans in Stoke-on-Trent as Wolverhampton man handed 20-week term for theft from van in Stafford | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-appeal-over-two-further-incidents-involving-vans-in-stoke-on-trent-as-wolverhampton-man-handed-20-week-term-for-theft-from-van-in-stafford/
```

Officers are appealing for information over two incidents where men were seen trying to break into vans in Stoke overnight between Thursday (26 November) and Friday (27 November).

The first incident occurred on Werrington Road in Bucknall where a van was broken into possibly at about 8pm. Tools to the value of about £4,000 are believed to have been taken during the incident after the thieves gained access through the back door.

CCTV footage from the area shows a silver estate car - possibly a Volvo - pull into Werrington Road, turn around at the top of the close and return to park behind the van. Two males are seen to get out, take the tools out of the van into the car and drive off.

A similar incident occurred nearby on Gratton Road on the same evening.

This time, there was an attempt to gain entry to a Vauxhall Vivaro van by cutting a hole in the back door. On this occasion the offenders failed to gain entry and left empty-handed.

Other incidents have been reported over the past week - some of which involved a silver car matching the description above.

On Saturday 21 November at about 4.50pm a van was broken into in Burton Square, Rising Brook, in Stafford, and tools to the value of £5,000 were stolen.

Officers have since charged a 19-year-old man from Wolverhampton with theft from a motor vehicle who appeared at Stafford Magistrates' Court yesterday (2 December).

Ronnie Huarns, of Bromwynd Close, Wolverhampton, pleaded guilty to theft from a motor vehicle and was imprisoned for 20 weeks and made to pay a victim surcharge of £128.

A number of incidents of both attempted and successful break-ins with vans were reported across the county between Monday (23 November) and Tuesday (24 November).

Perton, Blythe Bridge, near Stoke, Newcastle-under-Lyme and Burton-on-Trent all saw vans targeted on their streets, while two vans were also stolen from Tean and Upper Tean overnight between Monday and Tuesday.

Anyone with any information about any of the above incidents should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
