```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after he was caught supplying heroin and crack cocaine in Burton.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for supplying heroin and crack cocaine in Burton
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-supplying-heroin-and-crack-cocaine-in-burton/
publish:
  date: 13:55 07/01/2021
title: Man jailed for supplying heroin and crack cocaine in Burton | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-supplying-heroin-and-crack-cocaine-in-burton/
```

A 21-year-old man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after he was caught supplying heroin and crack cocaine in Burton.

Brandon Fisher, 21, of Meadow Road, Burton, was jailed at Stafford Crown Court (5 January) after admitting being concerned in the supply of heroin and crack cocaine.

The court heard that at around midday on June 30 officers from Staffordshire Police's Disruptions team (South) witnessed a man supply drugs to a woman in Meadow Road. They located him a short time after in Watson Street and he was arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.

A phone, cannabis and £400 in cash were seized. The woman was given a conditional caution.

Further enquiries revealed that the man was Fisher, who was already on conditional crown court bail from Exeter for class A drug supply. He had breached his conditions by not living at a designated address.

He received two years six months for the Exeter indictment and a further two years for his offences in Burton.

Detective Inspector Tim Boulton, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This sends out a message, early in the year, that we continue to bring those who think they can spread misery, violence and debt through drug dealing before the courts."

DI Boulton said the team was grateful for any information the public could supply.

"We rely on good intelligence to plan and execute our operations as we work to limit the supply of drugs into our county."

The Disruptions Team (South) has made almost 300 arrests since its formation in summer 2019.

To report crime or drug dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
