```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Police officers are to take on paramedics in a charity rugby match to raise funds for a children\u2019s charity."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police officers and paramedics to compete in charity rugby match
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/police-officers-and-paramedics-to-compete-in-charity-rugby-match/
publish:
  date: 12:06 13/02/2020
title: Police officers and paramedics to compete in charity rugby match | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/police-officers-and-paramedics-to-compete-in-charity-rugby-match/
```

Police officers are to take on paramedics in a charity rugby match to raise funds for a children's charity.

Staffordshire Police and West Midlands Ambulance Service will take part in the 'John Quilty Cup' at Stafford Rugby Club on Friday 6 March at 7.30pm.

The special event will also celebrate two special people to Staffordshire Police - Detective Inspector John Quilty, of Force CID South, who has recently been diagnosed with cancer, and Milly Hill, the daughter of Detective Constable Emma Hill, who sadly died in 2015.

John first worked with Emma in 2017. She has raised more than £120,000 for the Magic of Milly charity, named after her daughter, which raises funds for Birmingham Children's Hospital. Milly was born with a rare congenital condition, which resulted in her spending lots of time in hospital. She was admitted to the hospital for heart surgery in 2015 but sadly, despite the best efforts of staff, Milly suffered complications after the operation and died the night before her second birthday.

In March last year, John organised a charity car wash and washed over 50 cars at Lichfield police station in his own time. He then ran the London Marathon last year and raised over £1,000 for the charity.

Sadly, in November 2019, John was suddenly diagnosed with cancer. His colleagues organised the charity rugby match to celebrate John, aged 55, and all he has accomplished. His only request was that all money raised should go to the Magic of Milly charity.

Detective Inspector Adrian Webb, from Force CID North, who helped to organise the match, said: "It is always great to support the Magic of Milly charity and we hope that with the support of our colleagues and the community the event will be a success in raising much-needed funds for Birmingham Children's Hospital."

Detective Inspector John Quilty said: "I want to continue to support Birmingham Children's Hospital in memory of my colleague Emma's daughter, who sadly passed away in 2015. It is such a fantastic hospital that has helped so many children across the country."

Members of the public are welcome at the match to show their support.
