```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: There have been significant reductions in the number of burglaries, robberies, thefts and possession of weapons offences in Staffordshire, according to the latest annual crime statistics published today.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Overall recorded crime falls across Staffordshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/overall-recorded-crime-falls-across-staffordshire/
publish:
  date: 18:20 04/02/2021
title: Overall recorded crime falls across Staffordshire | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/overall-recorded-crime-falls-across-staffordshire/
```

There have been significant reductions in the number of burglaries, robberies, thefts and possession of weapons offences in Staffordshire, according to the latest annual crime statistics published today.

The data from the Crime Survey for England and Wales, released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) today (4 February), show a continued trend of reducing crime in Staffordshire, with another drop in overall crime.

Covering the 12-month period to year ending September 2020, the figures show recorded crime (excluding fraud) decreased by six per cent in Staffordshire.

The figures show an 18 per cent fall in burglaries and robberies were down by 30 per cent.

Theft offences reduced by 19 per cent, violence with injury offences dropped by 15 per cent and possession of weapons offences are down by 15 per cent. Sex offences reported in Staffordshire also fell by 10 per cent.

Whilst these figures reflect the impact of the first six months of Covid restrictions, there had been a sustained decrease of crime across the county going into the pandemic.

However, public order offences increased by 12 per cent, violence without injury went up by 10 per cent and stalking and harassment rose offences rose by 18 per cent.

Deputy Chief Constable Emma Barnett said: "I'm pleased that Staffordshire has seen a further decrease in total recorded crime for the year ending September 2020.

"While we know the pandemic has had an effect, we were reducing crime before and we are determined to continue to bear down on crime and harm, and bring those responsible to justice.

"Violent crime continues to be a priority for us and all too often police see the effects of violence on individuals and communities. The force has continued to focus its attention on protecting victims of domestic abuse from harm and catching perpetrators, working closely with partners to make sure victims get the support they need and that has not changed due to the Covid restrictions.

"Last summer, the force launched an intensification operation to tackle crime, successfully using investments it made from the precept increase to improve its capacity and capabilities to disrupt criminality and tackle the issues that matter the most to local communities.

"Particular successes included Operation Disrupt, a policing operation devised to disrupt criminal activity in Staffordshire, and Operation Lightning, which was set up to tackle criminals using the road network and to prevent increases in the number of people killed and seriously injured on our roads. Together these operations have seen officers make almost four hundred arrests, seize hundreds of cars, suspected stolen property, cash and drugs.

"I am proud of the progress that the force continues to make in these difficult and uncertain times. It is clear that the coming months will continue to be challenging but I am confident that the force will work together with partners and communities to successfully navigate through the next phase of the pandemic to achieve its vision of a safer Staffordshire."
