```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who was travelling over double the speed limit has been jailed for causing the death of a man in Burton-on-Trent last year.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for causing the death of pedestrian in collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/man-jailed-for-causing-the-death-of-pedestrian-in-collision/
publish:
  date: 12:22 10/03/2020
title: Man jailed for causing the death of pedestrian in collision | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/man-jailed-for-causing-the-death-of-pedestrian-in-collision/
```

A man who was travelling over double the speed limit has been jailed for causing the death of a man in Burton-on-Trent last year.

Hassan Aaron Hussain, 26, of Branston Road, Burton-on-Trent, was driving his Audi A5 on Horninglow Road just before 10.30pm when he collided with 33-year-old Martin Povolny on 22 January.

Martin, from Burton-on-Trent, was on his way home at the time and despite the efforts of passers-by and emergency services, nothing could be done to save him and he was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

An investigation carried out by officers from Staffordshire and West Midlands Serious Collision Investigation Unit found that Hussain was travelling in the region of 64mph, over double the 30mph speed limit, in the seconds before the collision.

The collision saw Martin dragged over 50 metres down the road. Hussain then drove off from the scene before handing himself in over an hour later. Judge Michael Chambers stated that Hussain was under the influence of cannabis at the time of the collision.

Moments before the collision, it was found that Hussain had also carried out an overtake at speed near to the junction of Shakespeare Road.

Hussain was jailed for 52 months on Friday (6 March) at Stafford Crown Court after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving. He was also disqualified from driving for 62 months and ordered to take an extended test on his release.

Judge Michael Chambers said: "Martin died tragically and unnecessarily. His death was avoidable."

Sergeant Richard Moors, from the Staffordshire and West Midlands Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is an absolutely shocking example of driving. Hussain carried out an overtake near to the scene of the collision in the face of oncoming traffic.

"He then accelerated to over double the speed limit, giving him no time to react to Martin who was simply crossing the road.

"CCTV showed Martin looking in the direction that Husain was coming from but he clearly couldn't have anticipated the excessive speed the Audi was travelling at.

"Hussain has ruined the lives of those who knew and loved Martin. His callousness in not stopping meant he had no idea what injuries his appalling driving had caused to Martin.

"I would implore drivers to observe speed limits, particularly in residential streets".
