```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for information about two car key burglaries in Penkridge on Wednesday (16 December) \u2013 one of which saw the occupant\u2019s vehicle also taken."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers appeal for information over car key thefts in Penkridge
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/officers-appeal-for-information-over-car-key-thefts-in-penkridge/
publish:
  date: 13:31 18/12/2020
title: Officers appeal for information over car key thefts in Penkridge | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/officers-appeal-for-information-over-car-key-thefts-in-penkridge/
```

We are appealing for information about two car key burglaries in Penkridge on Wednesday (16 December) - one of which saw the occupant's vehicle also taken.

We received a phone call from a resident on Nagington Drive who'd had their back door broken into with a drill and a set of car keys were taken, but neither of that property's vehicles were successfully taken.

The resident said they had been alerted by banging at about 2am from downstairs. A couple of coats, an iPhone, a Samsung smartphone and a pair of sunglasses were also taken from the property.

Officers attended and found suspicious activity on nearby Eggington Drive at about 2.30am.

A grey Mercedes Benz Coupe had been taken after a similar incident at a property on that street that also saw the back door broken into.

The vehicle fled to the A449 Wolverhampton Road and sped off in the direction of Wolverhampton. Items were thrown from the car as it fled, despite driving over a deployed stinger.

At one point it reached speeds of 90mph on the wrong side of the dual carriageway and had to dodge oncoming traffic. They eventually turned right onto Shaw Hall Lane and due to being on the correct side of the dual carriageway officers could not follow them.

Officers then found the vehicle abandoned on Shaw Hall Lane and those inside had fled.

Anyone with any information, who heard or saw anything suspicious at the time or who may have CCTV or dashcam footage showing either the break-ins or the car fleeing should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 51 and 64 of 16 December, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
