```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have begun lengthy jail terms after officers found more than &#163;17,000 worth of cannabis at a house in Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teens jailed after police find thousands of pounds worth of drugs at Stoke-on-Trent home
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/teens-jailed-after-police-find-thousands-of-pounds-worth-of-drugs-at-stoke-on-trent-home/
publish:
  date: 12:43 14/07/2020
title: Teens jailed after police find thousands of pounds worth of drugs at Stoke-on-Trent home | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/teens-jailed-after-police-find-thousands-of-pounds-worth-of-drugs-at-stoke-on-trent-home/
```

Two teenagers have begun lengthy jail terms after officers found more than £17,000 worth of cannabis at a house in Stoke-on-Trent.

19-year-old Thomas Podmore and 18-year-old Kyle Wilson were sentenced to nine years behind bars between them at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court after being picked up by officers in December last year.

Podmore, of Stuart Road, Hanley, faces five and half years in prison after he pleaded guilty to a total of six charges including being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession with intent to supply class A drug.

He was also in possession of more than £368 worth of criminal property -including drug paraphernalia.

Wilson, of Brighton Street, Penkhull, will spend three and a half years in jail after pleading guilty to a total of five charges including being concerned in the supply of a class A drug, possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession with intent to supply class B drug cannabis.

He also possessed more than £1000 in criminal property.

Sergeant Marc Proctor from the Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "We're really pleased with the police work that went into securing hefty sentences for both Wilson and Podmore.

"We used a proactive approach in stopping the pair whilst out in Shelton before searching a property - finding 31 wraps of heroin and 100 wraps of cocaine in the kitchen. We also found evidence of crack cocaine being prepared on the premises - something which had been filmed on a mobile phone.

"After their initial arrest and bail, Podmore was stopped again in January having indicated to potential sellers that he was again available for business.

"We're grateful to the courts for their support in imposing these sentences on Podmore and Wilson and we hope this acts as a deterrent for anyone looking to produce, sell or take drugs in Staffordshire."
