```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information after the death of a man found lying in the road in Trysull in South Staffordshire on one of the nights when the county experienced huge thunderstorms last month.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after death of a man found lying in the road in Trysull
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/appeal-after-death-of-a-man-found-lying-in-the-road-in-trysull/
publish:
  date: 09:34 17/09/2020
title: Appeal after death of a man found lying in the road in Trysull | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/appeal-after-death-of-a-man-found-lying-in-the-road-in-trysull/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information after the death of a man found lying in the road in Trysull in South Staffordshire on one of the nights when the county experienced huge thunderstorms last month.

The man has been named as 49-year-old Tarjinder Singh Padda (known by his nickname Lola), from Wolverhampton.

Emergency services were called at 11.05pm on Tuesday 11 August to reports that a man had been found lying in the road in Furnace Grange Road, around 300 metres from the junction of Ebstree Road. Tarjinder had sustained serious head injuries and was taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham but sadly died a few days later.

Officers are keen to trace two women who may be able to help the investigation. They were in a small car parked in Furnace Grange Road and were watching the storms. It is believed they may have seen a van leaving the area heading in the direction of The Ford/The Roughs.

Specialist officers are supporting Tarjinda's family, who have requested that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.

PC James Addison, investigating officer from the Staffordshire and West Midlands Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "I am aware that there were a number of people out that night watching the lightning storms and I am particularly keen to speak with two woman who were parked on Furnace Grange Road a short distance away from the incident."

Anyone with any information should email ciu@staffordshire.pnn.police.uk, message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, quoting incident number 872 of 11 August, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
