```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating the death of an elderly woman who was subjected to a robbery in her own home have released an image of a safe believed to have been similar to one taken from the 88-year-old woman\u2019s address."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information about safe as part of murder inquiry
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/detectives-appeal-for-information-about-safe-as-part-of-murder-inquiry/
publish:
  date: 15:54 19/03/2020
title: Detectives appeal for information about safe as part of murder inquiry | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/detectives-appeal-for-information-about-safe-as-part-of-murder-inquiry/
```

Detectives investigating the death of an elderly woman who was subjected to a robbery in her own home have released an image of a safe believed to have been similar to one taken from the 88-year-old woman's address.

Josephine Kaye was assaulted when she answered the door at her home in Harington Drive, Park Hall, on 27 February.

She was threatened with a screwdriver before thousands of pounds in cash was taken. She was taken to hospital where she sadly died on Tuesday (17 March).

Detectives have launched a murder inquiry and an investigation is underway.

Detective Chief Inspector Dan Ison, from Staffordshire Police's Major and Organised Crime Department, said: "We are following a number of lines of enquiry but we are now appealing to the public to come forward with any information about a safe they may have seen locally.

"The picture of the safe is very similar to the one taken from Mrs Kaye's home and may have been left abandoned somewhere local to the area in Park Hall.

"I would ask anyone who may have seen it to come forward as soon as possible.

"Anyone with information that may be able to assist with our investigation should call 101 quoting incident number 654 of 27 February, message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

A 27-year-old man from Leicestershire, initially arrested on suspicion of robbery and other offences, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

He has been remanded in custody in connection with offences in Essex.

A 52-year-old man and a 64-year-old woman, both from Stoke-on-Trent, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. They have both been bailed until next month.
