```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University in November.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Introducing future Detective Constable Lily - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/introducing-future-detective-constable-lily---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
publish:
  date: 13:34 26/03/2021
title: Introducing future Detective Constable Lily - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/introducing-future-detective-constable-lily---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
```

Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University in November.

Thirty new student officers took their attestation and were sworn in as police officers that month.

The force and Staffordshire University have worked in partnership to deliver the course, which is accredited by the College of Policing.

It offers a two-year intensive programme which combines a mix of on-the-job practical policing experience with detective teams, alongside academic tutoring and rotations in different departments.

Once the students have successfully completed the course, they will be awarded a Level 6 Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice by Staffordshire University and a PIP 2 Detective delivered under licence by the College of Policing. They will then be posted as a Detective Constable in the force's investigations directorate.

In the fourth of a series of profiles looking at the candidates on the course, we meet Lily Rowley, who gives us an insight into what made her decide to join the course.

**_NAME:_** Lily Rowley

**_AGE:_** 22

**_PREVIOUS POLICE EXPERIENCE:_** Police Special in Merseyside

**_INSPIRATION TO BE A DC:_** Community engagement and supporting those in need

"I saw this role advertised on Staffordshire Police's Facebook page and immediately applied. I've always been interested in the investigative side of policing so this route seemed perfect for me.

"I hope that all the things I enjoyed and learnt in my History and Criminology degree from the University of Liverpool like analysing information and sources will be really helpful in my detective career. I was a special in Merseyside which gave me a great insight into the role. I worked in a particularly economically deprived area which helped me recognise the importance of supporting those most vulnerable, recognising vulnerability and making sure victims of crime have a positive interaction with the police. These skills will be of the utmost importance in my role as a detective.

"I've volunteered in the community since I was quite young. Through my work with the Brownies I have enjoyed supporting young people and helping them learn vital skills. Both this and being a key worker in the Covid-19 crisis made me realise how important community engagement and supporting those in need was to me. It therefore furthered my interest in pursuing a career within the police.

"I'm also a fully qualified speedboat driver and I'd love to think that one day all police officers will use speedboats as a mode of transport. That would be incredibly cool."
