```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Officers at Cannock Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) joined forces with the force\u2019s Special Constabulary on Thursday (17 December) to encourage motorists to drink or drive this festive season."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police thank majority of motorists for not drink-driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-thank-majority-of-motorists-for-not-drink-driving/
publish:
  date: 11:00 19/12/2020
title: Police thank majority of motorists for not drink-driving | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-thank-majority-of-motorists-for-not-drink-driving/
```

Officers at Cannock Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) joined forces with the force's Special Constabulary on Thursday (17 December) to encourage motorists to drink or drive this festive season.

A total of 61 vehicles were stopped during the evening across two check sites - one on Church Street and another on the A460 near to Hednesford Park.

The checks resulted in three vehicles being seized - one for no insurance and not in accordance with a licence, one disqualified driver travelling without insurance and one suspected stolen vehicle which failed to stop.

One driver was charged with drink-driving following a positive breathalyser test while another search of a vehicle resulted in one individual being arrested on suspicion of being in possession of cannabis.

Two further drivers were warned over a lack of MOT and illegal number plates.

Speaking of the operation, Becky Hyde, Chief Inspector of Cannock NPT, said: "The majority of motorists we breathalysed hadn't been drink-driving, which is really positive. This was a very successful joint piece of work by officers which did result in action being taken against drivers for other offences.

"Thank you to those drivers who responded positively to being stopped and showed support for our drink OR drive campaign.

"We hope this operation, and our continued drink-drive activity, will continue to remind people in the Cannock Chase area and beyond to plan ahead this festive season, especially if you are visiting another household as part of your Christmas bubble between 23 and 27 December.

"Have a designated driver, book a taxi or make other arrangements.

"Don't be tempted to drink and drive."

You are more likely to be involved in a crash if you drink drive which could cause serious injury or death. The consequences of drink and driving can also include:
• a minimum 12 month driving ban
• a criminal record
• a hefty fine
• up to six months in prison
• a licence endorsement for 11 years.

All of which also result in increased car insurance costs, or loss of employment.

This campaign supports on-going work as part of the force's Operation Lightning, which aims to reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries on the roads of Staffordshire and to disrupt and deter criminals from using the road network.

If you know someone who drink or drug drives you can report them online at www.staffordshire.police.uk on social media via Digital 101, or by calling 101.

Alternatively if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If there is an immediate risk to the public always call 999.
