```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a cyclist who sadly died in hospital at the weekend following a road traffic collision have paid tribute to their \u201Cloyal, loving and devoted father\u201D."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Family pay tribute to \u201Cloving and devoted father\u201D who died in road traffic collision"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/family-pay-tribute-to-loving-and-devoted-father-who-died-in-road-traffic-collision2/
publish:
  date: 16:17 21/04/2020
title: "Family pay tribute to \u201Cloving and devoted father\u201D who died in road traffic collision | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/family-pay-tribute-to-loving-and-devoted-father-who-died-in-road-traffic-collision2/
```

The family of a cyclist who sadly died in hospital at the weekend following a road traffic collision have paid tribute to their "loyal, loving and devoted father".

Officers were called at 7.20pm on 15 April to a report of a road traffic collision on Glascote Road in Tamworth involving a white Fiat Punto and a cyclist who were travelling towards Silver Link Road.

The cyclist, Seamus Murphy, 44, from Tamworth, was taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in a critical condition where he sadly died on Saturday (18 April).

The family said: "We'd like to thank everyone very sincerely for all of the kind words and condolences during this very sad time. It's amazing to know that he touched so many people, not just here but also in Ireland.

"Seamus will be remembered for how hard working he was, he never gave up and always gave 100%.

"He was a devoted father to his son and we don't think that a daddy has ever shown so much love to their child. He idolised him.

"Wherever Seamus went, he made everyone laugh with his dancing, singing and silliness, he really didn't care who was around or watching. They didn't laugh at him, it was along with him. You could never stay mad at him for long.

"He was loyal and loving to his many friends, a true character and he often spoke without thinking first, but then that unfiltered, unconsidered input was the most genuine and honest testimony to him.

"Liverpool FC was his passion. He shouted instructions at the team and wore his shirt with pride, a true LFC supporter.

"We will always remember Seamus' silliness and clowning around, it was what made Seamus, Seamus. We will miss him so much. Our very own Peter Pan - the boy who never grew up - an eternal kid at heart."

Specialist officers are supporting his family and have asked that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.

Sergeant Richard Moors, senior investigation officer from the Staffordshire and West Midlands Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "We are continuing to investigate this collision and would ask anyone who may have witnessed anything or has any dashcam footage to come forward.

"Anyone who may have seen the car or bicycle before the incident is asked to get in touch by messaging Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, email ciu@staffordshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101 quoting incident number 661 of 15 April."
