```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Criminals travelling between counties to commit offences have been targeted in a joint, rural crime operation this week.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Moorlands officers target travelling criminals in cross-border operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/moorlands-officers-target-travelling-criminals-in-cross-border-operation/
publish:
  date: 13:20 14/01/2021
title: Moorlands officers target travelling criminals in cross-border operation | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/moorlands-officers-target-travelling-criminals-in-cross-border-operation/
```

Criminals travelling between counties to commit offences have been targeted in a joint, rural crime operation this week.

Officers from the Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Policing Team have been working alongside the force's Roads Policing Unit and Special Constabulary, as well as colleagues from neighbouring Cheshire Police and Derbyshire Constabulary, to ensure those targeting rural areas are stopped.

Over the course of the three-night operation, officers carried our numerous vehicle checks and stop searches whilst ensuring local farmers were supported as they prepared for lambing season.

Sergeant Andy Bland, from Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "Over the course of the past three nights we have checked more than 100 cars with in excess of 30 stopped.

"Rural crime is an issue for all three forces and the work we do with our colleagues at Cheshire and Derbyshire is vital to ensuring our border towns and villages are kept safe.

"We've been sharing valuable intelligence with each other for a number of years now and we'll continue to crackdown on those committing crimes here.

"Even with the restrictions of the current lockdown and the challenges that brings we are still out and about supporting and protecting our local communities on a daily basis.

"We've changed the way we work to ensure people are kept safe during these difficult times and we thank the local communities in the Staffordshire Moorlands for their help."

Anyone with information that may assist us in tackling travelling criminality is urged to contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via Facebook or Twitter. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111.
