```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A northern response PC \u2013 who featured in the BBC Two documentary \u201CCops Like Us\u201D \u2013 has revealed how there\u2019s nothing quite like protecting your home county."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CI love protecting my home\u201D \u2013 Cops Like Us PC tell us what it\u2019s like policing in Staffordshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/i-love-protecting-my-home--cops-like-us-pc-tell-us-what-its-like-policing-in-staffordshire/
publish:
  date: 14:27 17/04/2020
title: "\u201CI love protecting my home\u201D \u2013 Cops Like Us PC tell us what it\u2019s like policing in Staffordshire | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/i-love-protecting-my-home--cops-like-us-pc-tell-us-what-its-like-policing-in-staffordshire/
```

A northern response PC - who featured in the BBC Two documentary "Cops Like Us" - has revealed how there's nothing quite like protecting your home county.

Born and raised in Staffordshire, Becci Price joined her local force in 2007 and - bar a short stint at another force - has worked as a response officer in the county for her entire policing career.

Speaking after the three part documentary had aired she says it's great that people have had a chance to see what they get up to.

"I was really happy with it to be honest. I tend not to watch a lot of police shows for obvious reasons but the ones I've seen have been always very case led and no one has actually - from what I know - focused so much on response and the work we do.

"It was very, very real. There was no manipulative editing or anything like that - it was portrayed how it actually is and it was nice it focused on the area - as opposed to just us as police officers because ultimately where you police does have a reflection on the jobs you attend.

"The feedback's also been great. I've been out and about on the job and people have come up to me and said they've seen me on the tele and they were really positive about it all. It makes you feel great and I'm really glad they enjoyed it to be honest.

"My family and friends too - they were dead proud and it was nice for them to be able to see what I got up to when I left for work. They always think they know what I do but they never actually fully understood I don't think until they saw it for themselves on the documentary - so it was great from that perspective too.

"If I'm completely honest I had a great time filming too. I loved having the production team with me all day, so much so that I was really sad when they left! In this job you don't often reflect on yourself and you don't normally get asked questions about particular things - as you just tend to go to a job and deal with it without really thinking too much. To have somebody with you, asking questions was quite good because it made you reflect on why you did certain things. If they gave you praise for something it definitely sank in a lot more than it would usually.

"I did love having them with me and the feedback was great but the experience hasn't changed the way I look at anything. I'll always be Becci and do what I know to be right because that's what has got me to where I am.

"The job will never be dull as the best thing about it is not knowing what you'll be facing when you come to work. It's such a challenge and you take it on with the best people - we're a real family on my shift and I love that. You don't get that anywhere else.

"It's made even better by the fact it's my home county. Some people don't want to police where they live but that's exactly the reason why I love it so much. I know this area really well and that helps me do a better job. Getting to contribute to making this area safer for those I love the most is just the best thing. It just makes sense. "

Missed an episode? Catch up on the BBC Iplayer.
