```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Police have closed down a house branded \u201Ca hub of anti-social behaviour\u201D."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers secure Closure Order for Chesterton house
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/officers-secure-closure-order-for-chesterton-house/
publish:
  date: 17:06 04/01/2021
title: Officers secure Closure Order for Chesterton house | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/officers-secure-closure-order-for-chesterton-house/
```

Police have closed down a house branded "a hub of anti-social behaviour".

Officers secured a Closure Order for the property on Beasley Avenue in Chesterton after it had become a blight to neighbouring families.

Newcastle Neighbourhood Policing Team say the address had been used to store stolen property and had become a "hub of anti-social behaviour" with visitors turning up at different times of the day and night.

But the house will now be closed up for three months after magistrates at North Staffordshire Justice Centre granted the Closure Order

PC Beth Otter and PCSO Hannah Chaplin, of Newcastle NPT, worked on the order in response to the ongoing problems being caused by the property. PC Otter said: "There are a lot of families living on that road and this house had become a hub for anti-social behaviour.

"We have previously carried out drug warrants at the address and we believe it was being used by drug users visiting the property. There would also be people turning up at all times and this was causing issues for those living close to this address.

"The tenant had previously left the property and we are pleased this order has been granted. We hope the house can now be repaired and new tenants are able to make it a home."

PCSO Chaplin added: "A lot of work needs to be put into applying for such orders and we are pleased the magistrates granted the closure and recognised this property was not only causing the police problems but the community around it. Our role is to listen and act over concerns from the community and this is an example of that."

Chief Inspector Phil Duffy, of Newcastle NPT, welcomed the closure. He said: "When we have an address which is causing continuous problems in our community then, working with our partners, we will always look to take the necessary action.

"Seeking such orders comes as a response to individuals not responding to offers of help and advice. This address in particular was proving to be a blight to the community and listening to concerns we have worked to close the house.

"Nobody should have to live near addresses which are magnets for anti-social behaviour and we will take enforcement where appropriate."

Alun Bragg, Director of Communities at Aspire Housing, said: "We have been working closely with Staffordshire Police, alongside members of the local community, to resolve a number of issues with an address on Beasley Avenue.

"Aspire Housing will only ever seek legal action as a last possible resort, but on this occasion, we were left with no alternative. We are grateful for the work undertaken by Newcastle Neighbourhood Policing Team to secure this property, and we appreciate the support and patience of the Chesterton community."
