```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged following an operation targeting off-road bikers in Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Charges and arrests made after policing operation targeting off-road bikers
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/charges-and-arrests-made-after-policing-operation-targeting-off-road-bikers/
publish:
  date: 14:44 08/03/2021
title: Charges and arrests made after policing operation targeting off-road bikers | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/charges-and-arrests-made-after-policing-operation-targeting-off-road-bikers/
```

Two men have been charged following an operation targeting off-road bikers in Stoke-on-Trent.

The operation, focussing on the city and North Staffordshire, was carried out on Sunday 7 March by the force's Roads Policing Unit and Tactical Support Team with support from Special Constables, the local Neighbourhood Policing Teams and the National Police Air Service.

It was an operation that saw 16 vehicles, including four off-road bikes, seized by police and a total of four arrests.

Martin Thompson, aged 26-years-old, was arrested alongside 37-year-old Martin Lloyd after officers spotted a motorcycle being driven erratically.

Thompson of Pembridge Road, Blurton has since been charged with dangerous driving, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence, failing to stop for police and driving without insurance.

Lloyd of London Road, Newcastle-under-Lyme was charged with possession of a bladed article.

Both are due to appear at the North Staffordshire Justice Centre on 6 April 2021.

Elsewhere, a man from Stoke-on-Trent was detained after officers spotted an off-road bike driving erratically through Blurton. A 28-year-old man, arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and drug driving, has since been released under investigation.

A 35-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was also arrested in Burslem on suspicion of drug driving. He has since been released under investigation.

The National Police Air Service also assisted in making a fifth arrest following a road traffic collision on Silverstone Crescent, Packmoor shortly before 2:30pm on Sunday (7 March).

A 24-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of a number of driving offences - including dangerous driving. He's since been released under investigation.
