```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Vulnerable families and people fleeing domestic violence are set for additional support after officers in Stoke-on-Trent teamed up with a local charity.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018It\u2019s great to work together\u2019 \u2013 Officers in Stoke-on-Trent join forces with charity to help domestic abuse victims"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/april-2021/its-great-to-work-together--officers-in-stoke-on-trent-join-forces-with-charity-to-help-domestic-abuse-victims/
publish:
  date: 13:14 01/04/2021
title: "\u2018It\u2019s great to work together\u2019 \u2013 Officers in Stoke-on-Trent join forces with charity to help domestic abuse victims | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/april-2021/its-great-to-work-together--officers-in-stoke-on-trent-join-forces-with-charity-to-help-domestic-abuse-victims/
```

Vulnerable families and people fleeing domestic violence are set for additional support after officers in Stoke-on-Trent teamed up with a local charity.

Stoke-on-Trent North Neighbourhood Policing Team's Harm Reduction Hub has joined forces with the Newcastle-based Alice Charity to enable referrals to be made to help people get back on their feet after a crisis.

Sergeant Charlie Emmett, deputy commander at Stoke North NPT, says the link up will mean local officers can provide an extra level of support to vulnerable members of the community.

She said: "I was aware of the Alice Charity but had not worked with them before. I had seen cases in the Potteries involving families who had suffered from domestic abuse and who needed wider support.

"I arranged for the Alice Charity to come and speak with our officers so we could find out how we could work together. Emily Petts, from the charity, came to the harm reduction hub and spoke passionately about the work they do and the support functions available. The charity provides such a supportive and non-judgemental avenue of care and compassion, with practical and effective options.

"We have already seen fantastic examples of the Alice Charity supporting families who the police are working with.

"The staff from the hub are looking forward to being able to work with the charity in order to help some of our most vulnerable families."

The Alice Charity was set up back in 2011 and now works with a number of agencies to identify those in need and help them through various donations.

Emily Petts, family support director with the Alice Charity, said: "We are really pleased to be working with the officers at Stoke North. They will make referrals to us for vulnerable families and individuals who have suffered domestic violence.

"Often when people have had to leave their home due to a crisis they do so with little possessions and sometimes need the basics to help them get back on their feet. Because we are a local charity we can work quickly when we get a referral and can arrange for things like not only the basics but household furnishings.

"We have done some work with the officers based in Newcastle and I will be speaking to the team at Stoke South next as they are interested in finding out how we can work together. It's really positive to be linking in with the police and all working together to help people in our area."

Meanwhile Morrisons has backed the Alice Charity's Easter Egg appeal after being informed of the collection by Stoke North officers. This week PCSOs picked up dozens of treats from the store and delivered them to the Alice Charity.
