```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A report published today, Friday 7 February, by Her Majesty\u2019s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) has rated Staffordshire Police good at keeping people safe and reducing crime and found that it is performing well across all areas."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staffordshire Police is good at keeping people safe and reducing crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/staffordshire-police-is-good-at-keeping-people-safe-and-reducing-crime/
publish:
  date: 00:01 07/02/2020
title: Staffordshire Police is good at keeping people safe and reducing crime | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/february/staffordshire-police-is-good-at-keeping-people-safe-and-reducing-crime/
```

A report published today, Friday 7 February, by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) has rated Staffordshire Police good at keeping people safe and reducing crime and found that it is performing well across all areas.

The inspection, carried out last year, was the first integrated assessment by HMICFRS which looked at the force's effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy. It found that Staffordshire Police:

 * Is 'good' at effectively reducing crime and keeping people safe;
 * Is 'good' at operating efficiently and providing sustainable services to the public;
 * Is 'good' at how it treats the public and its workforce.

HM Inspector of Constabulary, Wendy Williams, said: "I am pleased with the performance of Staffordshire Police in keeping people safe and reducing crime.

"The force is good at preventing crime and anti-social behaviour. It investigates crime well and continues to improve the quality and supervision of investigations. The force has improved how it assesses and responds to people at risk and it works closely with other agencies to make sure that vulnerable victims are protected.

"Staffordshire Police understands the current and future demand for its services much better than it has done previously. It has used this information to develop strong financial and workforce plans for the future.

"Senior leaders ensure that the workforce understands the importance of treating the public and each other with fairness and respect. The force continues to uphold an ethical culture and promote the standards of professional behaviour it expects.

"Overall, I commend Staffordshire Police for the progress it has made over the past year. I am confident that it is well equipped for this to continue."

To tackle high levels of demand, growing complexity and vulnerability and increases in serious violent crime, the force implemented a new operating model in 2018. This included investment in neighbourhood policing, prioritising prevention and early intervention, increased capacity in investigations and a modernised response service. The force also invested last year in developing a missing persons investigation team, enhanced roads policing capability, digital investigations, disruption capability and forensic triage which are now starting to deliver a better service and outcomes for local communities.

Temporary Chief Constable Nick Baker said: "I am pleased that HMICFRS has assessed Staffordshire Police as a good force and there is recognition of the hard work shown by colleagues to improve service for local communities.

"However, we continue to focus on the many existing and emerging challenges facing policing and the report will help to inform our future plans."
