```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Drugs and suspected stolen property have been seized and five arrests made as a police operation continued into the weekend in Tamworth.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs seized and arrests made as Operation Disrupt visits Tamworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/drugs-seized-and-arrests-made-as-operation-disrupt-visits-tamworth/
publish:
  date: 10:46 05/10/2020
title: Drugs seized and arrests made as Operation Disrupt visits Tamworth | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/drugs-seized-and-arrests-made-as-operation-disrupt-visits-tamworth/
```

Drugs and suspected stolen property have been seized and five arrests made as a police operation continued into the weekend in Tamworth.

Officers were joined on Friday (2 October) by Tamworth MP Chris Pincher who learned about the operation and local policing demands.

Seventy seven arrests were made in the first week of Operation Disrupt, which is continuing across the county.

A blue BMW was stopped in Thackeray Drive and a 38-year-old arrested for possession with intent to supply class A drugs and providing a positive roadside drugs swipe.

A 40-year-old Tamworth man was arrested on suspicion of burglary and property confiscated.

A 49-year-old Leicestershire man was arrested on suspicion of £1500 worth of retail theft in the Tamworth area.

Earlier on Friday officers stopped a VW Touran in Pennine Way and a 38-year-old man was arrested for a fail to appear warrant. The driver was reported for having no insurance.

Men aged 22 and 24 were dealt with by way of community resolution for possession of cannabis after a BMW was stopped in Stonydelph. Two women from the local area were reported for retail theft. A Tamworth woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply heroin.

Around sixty deals of crack cocaine/heroin were seized in the Wilnecote area.

Roads policing officer seized four vehicles for various offences throughout the day.

Chief Inspector Paul Talbot, area commander for Tamworth Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "It was a pleasure to welcome Tamworth MP Chris Pincher on duty with us today. He's shown a great interest in local policing and community issues.

"We've been very busy building on the great work done elsewhere in Staffordshire with arrests made and drugs, cash and property confiscated."
