```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A Staffordshire Police officer faced a special case misconduct hearing today (26 November) after he was convicted of corruption through abuse of his authority of the office of constable.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officer dismissed following special case misconduct hearing
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/officer-dismissed-following-special-case-misconduct-hearing/
publish:
  date: 13:48 26/11/2019
title: Officer dismissed following special case misconduct hearing | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/officer-dismissed-following-special-case-misconduct-hearing/
```

A Staffordshire Police officer faced a special case misconduct hearing today (26 November) after he was convicted of corruption through abuse of his authority of the office of constable.

PC Jarrett Kinson, 36, a response officer from Burton, was dismissed by Chief Constable Gareth Morgan with immediate effect for discreditable conduct.

The officer was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment at Birmingham Crown Court on 4 November.

He admitted contacting and sending messages and explicit images on social media to a vulnerable woman after he attended a report of domestic abuse in his role as a police officer. The interaction and contact took place between March and July 2018.

Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan, said: "Jarrett Kinson abused the position of trust afforded to police officers. He is serving a custodial sentence which reflects the seriousness of his criminal behaviour and now he has been dismissed as a police officer. He has brought shame on himself and has damaged the reputation of policing. He does not represent the vast majority of my colleagues who will be appalled by his behaviour. I pay tribute to the officers who brought his conduct to the attention of the force, which started the investigation. Our job is to protect the vulnerable, not to exploit them.

"Kinson's conduct fell woefully short of the high standards of integrity and behaviour the public rightly expects from their police service. He was previously given management advice for inappropriate contact with a vulnerable victim in 2010. It is apparent that he has continued to exploit his position as a police officer and both the criminal investigation and his dismissal today underlines why such behaviour will not be tolerated. I am sorry that his behaviour in 2010 was not dealt with more robustly. His conviction in 2019 demonstrates that Staffordshire Police actively investigates allegations and instigates internal disciplinary procedures where officers abuse their authority for personal gain."
