```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A group of men who stole over &#163;10,000 worth of copper wiring from a business in Lichfield last year have been jailed for seven years and eight months.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Men who stole &#163;10k worth of copper in Lichfield jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/men-who-stole-10k-worth-of-copper-in-lichfield-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:08 08/04/2020
title: Men who stole &#163;10k worth of copper in Lichfield jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/men-who-stole-10k-worth-of-copper-in-lichfield-jailed/
```

A group of men who stole over £10,000 worth of copper wiring from a business in Lichfield last year have been jailed for seven years and eight months.

_(top left to right: Marian Miron, Florin Arpad, Georgian Boghici, Gherasim Cretu, Marius Boghici, Florin Rusu)_

Georgian Boghici, 19, of Elsetree Hill South, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, Florin Arpad, 20, of Maple Avenue, Harrow, Middlesex, Marian Miron, 38, of Far End, Northampton, Marius Boghici, 22, of Elstree Hill South, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, Gherasim Cretu, 38, of Elstree Hill South, Borehamwood, Herfordshire and Florin Rusu, 26, of no fixed address, were caught by officers after being seen loading copper wiring into their red van from Anixter Limited in Fradley between 1.30am and 3am on Thursday 29 November.

An officer spotted the heavily loaded red Mercedes Vito van in convoy with a VW Passatt on the A38 and they were later followed on the M6 southbound. Both vehicles were stopped by officers and cut up copper cable was found and seized from the van.

Heavy duty cable cutters and two sets of bolt cutters were also found in the VW Passatt.

The six men, who all pleaded guilty, removed a security fence and stole cable to the value of £10,082.

Georgian Boghici was sentenced to 16 months. He was also sentenced to a further 28 months for two counts of burglary in London.

Marian Miron was sentenced to 15 months.

Marius Boghici was sentenced to 15 months.

Florin Arpad was sentenced to 15 months.

Gherasim Cretu was sentenced to 18 months.

Florin Rusu was sentenced to 15 months.

Georgian Boghici was sentenced on 27 March. The rest were all sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on 20 March.
