```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A second dispersal order has been imposed across an area of Cannock Chase after continued reports of anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Second dispersal order in place at Cannock beauty spot
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/second-dispersal-order-in-place-at-cannock-beauty-spot/
publish:
  date: 13:22 03/06/2020
title: Second dispersal order in place at Cannock beauty spot | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/second-dispersal-order-in-place-at-cannock-beauty-spot/
```

A second dispersal order has been imposed across an area of Cannock Chase after continued reports of anti-social behaviour.

The order, granted under section 34 of the Anti-social behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, gives officers the power to disperse anyone for the purpose of or reducing the likelihood of members of the public in the locality being harassed, alarmed, distressed or the occurrence of crime and disorder.

In the past week there have been numerous reports of anti-social behaviour including problems with groups congregating, noise, litter, parking and off-road bikes.

Last night (2 June) several items were thrown at a police vehicle patrolling the area - thankfully no one was injured and no serious damage was caused.

Police can now tell groups to leave Marquis Drive near Cannock Chase visitor centre and people failing to disperse could be arrested. This follows an earlier order put in place between Sunday (31 May) and Tuesday (2 June).

The new order, which began at 9.30pm yesterday, will continue for 48 hours.

Chief Inspector Becky Hyde said: "The easing of lockdown restrictions combined with the recent sunshine and hot weather has understandably increased the number of visitors to Cannock Chase.

"However, it is disappointing to see that a small minority are having a negative impact on the area with their selfish actions. We understand the affect this behaviour can have on the community and are asking people to be considerate of others.

"We will continue to police the area and take action against those behaving in an anti-social manner. Further orders will be put in place if necessary."
