```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police and the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership are asking all road users to do their bit to reduce the strain on the NHS and emergency services during the Covid-19 crisis by taking extra care and sticking to the speed limits if they do make an essential journey.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staffordshire Police and Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership ask all road users to take extra care
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/plea-for-all-road-users-to-take-extra-care/
publish:
  date: 15:35 24/04/2020
title: Staffordshire Police and Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership ask all road users to take extra care | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/plea-for-all-road-users-to-take-extra-care/
```

Staffordshire Police and the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership are asking all road users to do their bit to reduce the strain on the NHS and emergency services during the Covid-19 crisis by taking extra care and sticking to the speed limits if they do make an essential journey.

The majority of people across Staffordshire are staying at home and if they need to go out, they are continuing to stick to the speed limits. However, there are a number of people who are driving at excessive speeds, which, mixed with an increase of vulnerable road users such as pedestrians and cyclists, could result in serious injuries on our roads.

The Road Policing Unit is continuing to carry out patrols across the county aimed at discouraging high-risk driving behaviour and enforcing the law in the same way as the public would expect at any other time.

Some examples from the last two weeks:

 * travelling between 54 and 69mph on the 40mph area at the A34 in Tittensor
 * travelling at 50mph in the 30mph zone of the A449 in Penkridge
 * travelling between 78 and 85mph on the 60mph zone of the A34 between Stone and Stafford
 * travelling between 95 and 111mph on the A50 in Uttoxeter, a 70mph road
 * travelling at speeds in excess of 82mph on the A460 (Hednesford to Rugeley road) where the speed limit is 60mph.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Simon Tweats said: "We are committed to making our roads safer in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent, reducing the likelihood of road traffic collisions, specifically at locations where drivers are known to be speeding.

"The government advice is to stay at home and save lives. If you do need to go out for an essential journey then please help reduce the strain on the emergency services by taking extra care."

Speaking on behalf of the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership, Helen Fisher, Cabinet Member for Highways at Staffordshire County Council said: "These are unprecedented times and we all have a role to play in helping in the fight against Coronavirus.

"As road users, one thing we can all do to help is to follow Government advice and only make journeys that are absolutely essential. If we do have to travel, then we want people to take extra care and to drive responsibly.

"If we all do our bit, we can help to ease the strain currently being placed on the NHS - and all emergency services."

Councillor Daniel Jellyman, Cabinet Member for Regeneration, Infrastructure and Heritage at Stoke-on-Trent City Council, and Joint Chair of the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership, said: "The key message here is that while roads might be quieter, the speed limits remain the same. Speeding is against the law and puts yourself and other road users at unnecessary risk, at a time when the emergency services and NHS are under immense pressure.

"It's vitally important people continue to follow the Government's guidance and only travel if it is absolutely necessary. If you do have to travel, then please drive or ride sensibly and take extra care on every journey."
