```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A detective who has led investigations into major and organised crime, fraud and anti-corruption has been appointed as Newcastle\u2019s new area commander."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Organised crime investigator is Newcastle\u2019s new area commander"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/organised-crime-investigator-is-newcastles-new-area-commander/
publish:
  date: 16:02 16/01/2020
title: "Organised crime investigator is Newcastle\u2019s new area commander | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/organised-crime-investigator-is-newcastles-new-area-commander/
```

A detective who has led investigations into major and organised crime, fraud and anti-corruption has been appointed as Newcastle's new area commander.

Chief Inspector Phil Duffy is excited about the posting and keen to put his diverse policing experience and local knowledge to the best possible use.

He has served with Staffordshire Police for 24 years.

"I've spent the majority of my service either in the north of the county in a number of different uniformed or CID roles or specialist units at HQ, so I've got pretty good local knowledge," he said.

Phil held varying positions with investigative services, the majority of which focused on tackling organised crime groups. For the past four years he has headed up the forces' Anti-Corruption Unit at Force HQ.

He said his work in tackling gangs and organised crime would be put to good use. Officers from the force's Disruption Team are currently working closely with colleagues from Merseyside Police to deal with movement of drugs into Newcastle and Stoke-on-Trent.

Phil has worked with specialist groups and forces throughout the country and the Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU) which will stand him in good stead for county lines investigations.

"I intend to take advantage of the first few weeks to get out and about, meet people and find out what's important to them.

"Newcastle is a great place in which to live, work and socialise and I want to build on that, I feel fortunate to have been posted here."

Phil takes over from Chief Inspector Clair Langley who is now area commander for East Staffs NPT in Burton.

"I have already been made to feel really welcome and look forward to continuing and further developing the great relationship that Clair has enjoyed with partners," he added.

Phil took up his post on January 13.
