```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating the organisation of illegal raves in parts of Staffordshire have now arrested a total of 13 people.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating illegal raves make eight further arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/police-investigating-illegal-raves-make-eight-further-arrests/
publish:
  date: 12:27 21/06/2020
title: Police investigating illegal raves make eight further arrests | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/police-investigating-illegal-raves-make-eight-further-arrests/
```

Police investigating the organisation of illegal raves in parts of Staffordshire have now arrested a total of 13 people.

Five - aged between 19 and 24 - were detained yesterday (Saturday 20 June) on suspicion of conspiring to commit a public nuisance. They have all been granted conditional bail.

A group of two women and three men - aged between 23 and 32 and from the West Midlands - were arrested overnight for drugs offences relating to an illegal rave in the Cannock area. They remain in police custody.

A 26-year-old man from Birmingham and 33-year-old from Rugeley were also arrested in connection with drink and drug driving offences.

In addition, a male was also detained on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply.

The arrests have been made as more illegal gatherings have been expected in the county over the weekend - with officers urging anyone considering attending to stop and think of the consequences.

Apart from drug seizures, equipment including a generator, amplifier, speakers and a laptop has also been taken in by officers with a dispersal order put in place for Chasewater overnight.

Chief Superintendent Carl Ratcliffe, Head of Contact and Response for Staffordshire Police, said: "I hope these arrests send a clear message to organisers of illegal raves that we will deal with anyone involved robustly.

"Our priority is the safety of our communities and we will continue to take action against those who put the health of others in jeopardy.

"These gatherings are both illegal and irresponsible and put people at risk with the current global pandemic still not over. We will do all we can to stop these illegal raves from taking place."

If you have any information about where a rave is being held, contact Staffordshire Police via Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
