```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating an attempted aggravated burglary in Lichfield.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses to attempted aggravated burglary in Lichfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-aggravated-burglary-in-lichfield/
publish:
  date: 11:08 08/12/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses to attempted aggravated burglary in Lichfield | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-aggravated-burglary-in-lichfield/
```

Detectives are investigating an attempted aggravated burglary in Lichfield.

We were called at about 2.10am yesterday morning (Monday 7 December) by the resident of a property on Fosseway Lane saying that two armed men were trying to gain entry.

The men entered the property and took a number of keys belonging to vehicles parked outside as well as the property itself.

They attempted to steal one of the cars parked on the driveway that was blocked from the road by an electric gate. They then fled the scene after failing to get it to start.

The two men are described as wearing all black clothes including black balaclavas and gloves. The first is believed to be over 6 ft tall, of slim-to-average build. His black top had a silver stripe on one shoulder. The second male is around 5 ft 10 in tall and of average build. Both were said to have a local accident - possibly from Birmingham.

The taller offender is was said to have been carrying what could have been either a replica or a real pistol, while the second offender was carrying a brown baseball-style bat around 1 ft in length.

DI Neil Poultney, of Staffordshire Police's southern CID, said: "Officers are working hard to establish who is behind this attack on the property in Fosseway Lane. Luckily, nobody was hurt in this incident.

"If anybody in the area saw or heard anything suspicious or saw any vehicles driving away from the area at speed in the early hours of this morning then please contact us to pass on that information to ensure those responsible are caught and our communities are able to continue living in the knowledge their vehicles and properties remain safe while they sleep."

Anyone with any information or CCTV footage should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 33 of 7 December, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
