```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Armed officers have managed to peacefully resolve an incident in a house on Grove Road involving an imitation firearm.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested following threats made to officers in Fenton
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/two-arrested-following-threats-made-to-officers-in-fenton/
publish:
  date: 10:37 29/11/2020
title: Two arrested following threats made to officers in Fenton | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/two-arrested-following-threats-made-to-officers-in-fenton/
```

Armed officers have managed to peacefully resolve an incident in a house on Grove Road involving an imitation firearm.

Officers were initially called to a reported Covid breach on Grove Road at around 7:55pm yesterday (28 November) but when they arrived a person in the address was spotted with what was believed to be a firearm.

Armed officers responded and detained a 19-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence. A second person remained in the address, but following a lengthy negotiation officers gained control of the property at around 11:30pm and a 15-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of obstructing a constable in the execution of their duty. Both remain in custody at this time.

Chief Inspector Rob Hessell, Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team commander, said: "I would like to thank the local community for their support and cooperation during this incident. Although we have very few firearms offences in Stoke-on-Trent, we must always take any reports seriously and I would like to commend the professionalism and patience of the armed officers and negotiators to bring this to an end peacefully.

"Our officers will also continue to respond to reports of Covid breaches to drive the infection rate down and help keep everyone safe."

To provide further reassurance to the community, there will be an increased number of neighbourhood officers in the area over the next 24 hours.

Anyone with information about firearms should always contact us by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
