```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police are looking to encourage retired police officers and staff to consider returning to work.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staffordshire Police calls on retired officers and staff to return to work at unprecedented time
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/staffordshire-police-calls-on-retired-officers-and-staff-to-return-to-work-at-unprecedented-time/
publish:
  date: 10:25 02/04/2020
title: Staffordshire Police calls on retired officers and staff to return to work at unprecedented time | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/staffordshire-police-calls-on-retired-officers-and-staff-to-return-to-work-at-unprecedented-time/
```

Due to the current impact of Covid-19 on policing and the community, Staffordshire Police is now looking to encourage retired police officers and staff to consider returning to work and support our efforts in keeping the county safe.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "We know that demand on the force will grow in the coming weeks and we want to make sure that we are taking all necessary steps now so that we can maintain our operational resilience and continue to provide the best possible service to local communities. That's why we are taking the time now to identify former colleagues and members of the community who are interested in helping to support Staffordshire Police."

Retired police officers or staff members who are interested can complete and submit the Expressions of Interest form on the force website. They are asked to provide details of specific skills or experience so they can be matched to roles which may need support such as front line posts, working alongside control room staff and taking reports from the public. The force's HR team will then be in touch with more details about the process and to explain the terms and conditions.

Former officers and staff - as well as members of the public - can also register their interest in volunteering opportunities by filling out a form via this link.

The situation is developing quickly so it is not clear at this stage to what extent former officers and staff will be needed to step in but completing these forms now will help to ensure the process is as easy as possible so that support can be provided quickly if it is required.

Members of the community who are interested in volunteering can also find out more about other opportunities across the county at Staffordshire Council and Stoke-on-Trent City Council.
