```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to an aggravated burglary that left an elderly male shaken but uninjured at his Hartshill home this morning (Wednesday 4 November).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal after aggravated burglary in Hartshill
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/witness-appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-hartshill/
publish:
  date: 12:07 04/11/2020
title: Witness appeal after aggravated burglary in Hartshill | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/witness-appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-hartshill/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to an aggravated burglary that left an elderly male shaken but uninjured at his Hartshill home this morning (Wednesday 4 November).

We are appealing for witnesses to an aggravated burglary that left an elderly male shaken but uninjured at his Hartshill home this morning (Wednesday 4 November).

Police attended The Avenue after receiving a call at around 5.10am. The attack is believed to have lasted for an hour and it is believed the offence began just after 4am.

A suspect smashed a window on the victim's front door to gain access to the property and has searched through all the rooms.

Upon going upstairs he found the victim, where he threatened him before making off with property.

The suspect is described as a 5 foot 9-10", slim, white male who was dressed all in black, including a face covering which left just their nose visible. He had a local Stoke-on-Trent accent.

Police attended at about 5.20am and found the suspect had already fled the scene - believed to be in the direction of the A34 London Road. CCTV on neighbouring properties is being searched to see if the suspect was spotted either entering or exiting the property.

The victim was checked over at the scene but didn't require an ambulance or hospital treatment.

Speaking about the incident, Staffordshire Police CID North's Detective Chief Inspector Adrian Webb said: "Were you in the location at approximately 4am? Did you see or hear anything suspicious?

"A window was smashed, did you hear glass breaking? We would be particularly grateful if you have dash cam or CCTV on The Avenue which may assist the investigation?

"Specialist support is being offered to the gentleman, and specialist neighbourhood officers offering support and reassurance are in the area.

"We take this offence extremely seriously. The welfare of the victim is paramount and detectives will ensure the offence is thoroughly investigated."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 68 of 4 November, call 101 or, alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
