```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: We are delighted to announce that two new Assistant Chief Constables have been appointed at Staffordshire Police.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staffordshire Police appoints two new Assistant Chief Constables
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/staffordshire-police-appoints-two-new-assistant-chief-constables/
publish:
  date: 14:23 30/06/2020
title: Staffordshire Police appoints two new Assistant Chief Constables | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/staffordshire-police-appoints-two-new-assistant-chief-constables/
```

We are delighted to announce that two new Assistant Chief Constables have been appointed at Staffordshire Police.

Justin Bibby from Cumbria Constabulary and Scott Green from South Yorkshire Police were selected yesterday and will be joining the force's Executive team in the near future.

Justin has spent his career to date in Cumbria undertaking a range of roles across the Constabulary. As an area commander and temporary Assistant Chief Constable for Operations, and Crime and Safeguarding, he gained extensive experience leading and developing policing at local, county, regional and national levels.

He led the development of roads policing, firearms operations, command and control and tactical support. He also played an integral role in the transformation of Criminal Justice through digital development and was the force lead for victims and witnesses.

Justin will be responsible for the Investigations and Operational Support Directorates.

Scott has served in South Yorkshire Police for 20 years, starting his career as a police constable in Sheffield. In his early career he served in uniform and CID at a number of ranks, including working for the forerunner of the National Counter Terrorism Policing network. As a superintendent he was the head of business change and an operational superintendent in two separate districts. His last post in South Yorkshire was as a chief superintendent, District Commander for Barnsley.

He has previously been a Trustee of Bluebell Wood Children's Hospice and a Trustee of Sheffield Futures - a charity which supports young people and adults to achieve their full potential in learning, employment and life to achieve a better future.

Scott will be responsible for Contact and Response together with Neighbourhood and Partnerships.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "I look forward to welcoming Justin and Scott to Staffordshire Police with their appointment supporting the force going forward.

"They were both outstanding candidates for the position with a clear commitment to serving the public of Staffordshire and will bring their knowledge and broad range of experience to the role. They will be fantastic additions to the Executive team."
