```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Van owners across Staffordshire are being advised to ensure their vehicles and contents are secure following a number of break-ins across the county.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice to van owners following tool thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/advice-to-van-owners-following-tool-thefts3/
publish:
  date: 13:31 14/12/2020
title: Advice to van owners following tool thefts | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/advice-to-van-owners-following-tool-thefts3/
```

Van owners across Staffordshire are being advised to ensure their vehicles and contents are secure following a number of break-ins across the county.

Staffordshire Police is currently investigating a number of incidents where thieves have stolen tools from vehicles while vans have also been taken.

Now the force is offering advice to owners in an effort to tackle vehicle crime. Chief Inspector David Wain said: "When these offences take place it is not only an inconvenience to the owners of these vehicles but it can have a real impact on their livelihoods.

"Just this month we have seen one offender put before the courts and sentenced for stealing thousands of pounds worth of tools from a van in the county. Our investigations are ongoing to bring those continuing to commit vehicle crime in Staffordshire to justice."

Ch Insp Wain is urging owners to make sure their vehicles and contents are secure. He said: "We are asking van owners to be vigilant and also consider their vehicle's security to mitigate the chances of them falling victim to crime.

"Steps they can take include removing tools from their vans but where this is not possible marking them clearly with their name using paint pens and sealing that with a clear lacquer spray. I would also suggest using a lockable cabinet and small cameras can also be installed inside vans.

"I would also suggest taking photographs of items of value and noting down their serial numbers. They can also be registered online at a property register site."

Further information on how to keep vehicles safe can be found on the force website.

Anyone with information on vehicle crime should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
