```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Staffordshire Police has today announced an update on the re-investigation into the 2002 murder of Kevin Nunes which was announced 18 months ago by the force\u2019s Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan, who has apologised for past failings."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update on re-investigation into the murder of Kevin Nunes
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/update-on-re-investigation-into-the-murder-of-kevin-nunes/
publish:
  date: 14:05 13/10/2020
title: Update on re-investigation into the murder of Kevin Nunes | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/update-on-re-investigation-into-the-murder-of-kevin-nunes/
```

Staffordshire Police has today announced an update on the re-investigation into the 2002 murder of Kevin Nunes which was announced 18 months ago by the force's Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan, who has apologised for past failings.

Led by an experienced senior investigating officer, a team of detectives with no links to the original investigation, has carried out a robust and thorough re-investigation of the case.

Officers working on the new investigation reviewed over 5,000 documents connected to the original inquiry, as well as looking again at forensic evidence and re-submitting exhibits for examination using up-to-date scientific techniques. Detectives also traced and re-interviewed key witnesses from the original investigation

As a result, detectives identified a suspect in the investigation and a comprehensive file of evidence was submitted to the CPS for consideration.

The CPS has now concluded that it is not possible to pursue a prosecution against this suspect due to failings from the original investigation which mean that it would be an abuse of the legal process to do so.

Senior detectives from the force, together with representatives from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), have today (Tuesday 13 October) met with Kevin Nunes' family to update them on this decision.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "I am frustrated and disappointed that we are unable to bring justice to Kevin Nunes and his family.

"The decision I made to re-investigate the original inquiry was a significant one for his family, the wider community and the force, but absolutely the right one.

"Although new lines of enquiry were identified around a suspect, the CPS has concluded that it is not possible to pursue a prosecution against this suspect due to failings from the original investigation.

"I have already apologised for the significant police failings during the original investigation into the murder of Kevin Nunes in 2002 and it is extremely frustrating that it these failings that have led to the CPS's decision. Kevin's family have been told about this decision today by the CPS and the detectives who have led the re-investigation.

"Once again I want to say to Kevin's family how sorry I am that we have still not been able to bring justice for his death.

"The case remains open and will be subject to regular reviews to identify any new lines of enquiry."
