```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A re-investigation announced by Staffordshire Police 12 months ago into the murder of Kevin Nunes has resulted in thousands of documents being reviewed and a number of key witnesses being re-interviewed.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Re-investigation into 2002 murder continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/re-investigation-into-2002-murder-continues/
publish:
  date: 08:34 12/03/2020
title: Re-investigation into 2002 murder continues | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/re-investigation-into-2002-murder-continues/
```

A re-investigation announced by Staffordshire Police 12 months ago into the murder of Kevin Nunes has resulted in thousands of documents being reviewed and a number of key witnesses being re-interviewed.

A dedicated team of detectives has for the past year worked on the inquiry following the decision to formally review the killing by the force's Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan in March 2019. The investigation remains ongoing.

Kevin, aged 20, died from gunshot injuries - his body was found at the end of a drive in Clive Road in Pattingham in September 2002.

The decision to re-investigate follows recommendations made in an independent review, which was completed in February 2019.

Over the past year detectives have reviewed 4,655 documents connected to the original inquiry.

There has also been an extensive review of forensic evidence and resubmission of exhibits for examination, using up to date scientific techniques.

Officers have also traced and re-interviewed key witnesses from the original investigation.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan, said: "Although I have been away from the Force for the past few months on secondment to the College of Policing, I have been kept updated around this investigation and am satisfied with how it is progressing. This remains a complex inquiry which involves revisiting and reviewing thousands of documents and exhibits.

"When I commissioned the re-investigation I had already personally met with the family of Kevin and shared my disappointment that they had not received justice for his death. This inquiry remains ongoing and his family will be kept updated."
