```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers patrolling the motorways in Staffordshire and the wider West Midlands stopped 117 motorists as part of a two week crackdown on lane hogging and tailgating.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 100 drivers stopped as part of road safety operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/more-than-100-drivers-stopped-as-part-of-road-safety-operation/
publish:
  date: 14:40 23/10/2020
title: More than 100 drivers stopped as part of road safety operation | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/more-than-100-drivers-stopped-as-part-of-road-safety-operation/
```

Officers patrolling the motorways in Staffordshire and the wider West Midlands stopped 117 motorists as part of a two week crackdown on lane hogging and tailgating.

The Central Motorway Policing Group (CMPG) carried out the Safer Lanes operation - which targeted dangerous or inconsiderate drivers - between 5 October 2020 and 19 October 2020.

Of those 117 vehicles stopped, 89 were reported - meaning they were issued with a fine and/or penalty points. The remaining 28 were given advice by officers.

Those stopped were mostly motorists who'd been driving too close to the vehicle in front or those with poor lane management (not keeping left when necessary) but they also included five vehicles being seized for having no insurance and a couple of incidents of drink and drug drivers.

Sergeant Rob Powell from CMPG said: "This two week campaign - which is focused on enforcing those lane hogging and close following - comes as a direct response to concerns made my members of the public, who actively want us to target those committing these offences.

"The motorways are probably one of the most dangerous road environments that you'll come across and the speed limits and rules are there for a reason.

"People think lanes two to four are there to be used if they're open, however, they're only there to be used in certain circumstances - mainly for overtaking. Once you've completed your overtake you must return back to the left hand lane if safe to do so. If you don't then it encourages dangerous and illegal driving - including undertaking and speeding.

"If found committing these offences you will receive penalty points and a fine as shown during this operation.

"It's vital people listen to what we have to say and use the lanes properly. Do this and our roads will be safer."
