```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Two men and two boys have been arrested after a police pursuit yesterday (Wednesday 10 February) that followed the theft of a car from the Uttoxeter area on Monday (8 February).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested after police pursuit of stolen car halted near Cheadle
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/four-arrested-after-police-pursuit-of-stolen-car-halted-near-cheadle/
publish:
  date: 15:38 11/02/2021
title: Four arrested after police pursuit of stolen car halted near Cheadle | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/four-arrested-after-police-pursuit-of-stolen-car-halted-near-cheadle/
```

Two men and two boys have been arrested after a police pursuit yesterday (Wednesday 10 February) that followed the theft of a car from the Uttoxeter area on Monday (8 February).

At about 1.55pm we were alerted by the forces of Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire that a vehicle believed stolen was being pursued across the border with the support of a police helicopter.

The Vauxhall Insignia had been spotted in Nottinghamshire and had failed to stop when asked to do so by officers on the M1 while doing speeds of up to 120mph and driving in a dangerous manner.

The pursuit continued through Derbyshire and across the Staffordshire border. The vehicle travelled along the A50 towards Stoke before heading towards Draycott-in-the-Moors and then Cheadle along Cheadle Road. It came to a stop on Harplow Lane in Cheadle where four people have exited the vehicle and attempted to flee into Huntley Wood.

All four were detained in a field and dogs were also found.

An 18 year-old man and two boys aged 15 - all from Stoke-on-Trent - were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, while a 30-year-old man, also from Stoke-on-Trent, was also arrested for driving dangerously, taking a motor vehicle without consent, driving while disqualified and driving without valid insurance. One of the 15-year-olds was also arrested for possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.

The 18-year-old and two 15-year-olds have been released under investigation, while the 30-year-old has since been been charged and refused bail.
