```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Ten people were arrested yesterday (Tuesday 29 September) as part of Operation Disrupt as officers from Stafford targeted people involved in crime and drug supply across the area.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ten people arrested in Stafford as part of Operation Disrupt
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/ten-people-arrested-in-stafford-as-part-of-operation-disrupt/
publish:
  date: 16:47 30/09/2020
title: Ten people arrested in Stafford as part of Operation Disrupt | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/ten-people-arrested-in-stafford-as-part-of-operation-disrupt/
```

Ten people were arrested yesterday (Tuesday 29 September) as part of Operation Disrupt as officers from Stafford targeted people involved in crime and drug supply across the area.

Tony Lee Fellows, 40, of Park Street, Stafford, has been charged with five counts of attempted theft from motor vehicles in Baswich and Meadowcroft Park. He appeared at magistrates' at the North Staffordshire Justice Centre this morning (30 Sept).

Gavin Lee Harrison, 39, of Alliance Street, Stafford, has been charged with the theft of a pedal cycle on Stone Road, Stafford. He appeared at magistrates' at the North Staffordshire Justice Centre yesterday (29 Sept).

An 18-year-old man, from Stone, was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 37-year-old man, from Yardley in Birmingham, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs, driving without insurance and driving otherwise accordance with a licence. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Two men were arrested on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle on Station Road in Stone. A 36-year-old, who was further arrested for possession of controlled drugs, has been released under investigation pending further enquiries and a 27-year-old man has been released no further action.

Three men were arrested for failing to appear at court - a 34-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent for assault and obstructing police, a 26-year-old man, from Stafford, for a section 18 assault and a 35-year-old, from Stafford, for a drugs offence and handling stolen goods.

A 58-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested in Stafford for recall to prison.

Six people were reported for summons for driving offences, including two for using their mobile phone, two for driving otherwise in accordance with a licence and no insurance, one for not wearing a seat belt and one for an insecure load.

Chief Inspector Giles Parsons, commander of Stafford Neighbourhood Policing Unit, said: "These are excellent results targeting people involved in crime and drug supply across the Stafford Borough area. We are also focused on road safety ensuring people who use the roads irresponsibly are dealt with aiming to make our roads safer."
