```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-eight new recruits were sworn into their roles at a virtual attestation ceremony yesterday.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thirty-eight new officers join Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/thirty-eight-new-officers-join-staffordshire-police/
publish:
  date: 13:28 07/01/2021
title: Thirty-eight new officers join Staffordshire Police | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/thirty-eight-new-officers-join-staffordshire-police/
```

Thirty-eight new recruits were sworn into their roles at a virtual attestation ceremony yesterday.

Deputy Chief Constable Emma Barnett oversaw the ceremony, which sees the new officers read their attestation pledge.

In the presence of Magistrate Carol Colclough, the officers received their policing powers.

The latest intake includes two transferee officers from other forces and 36 student officers who will start their Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA).

The new recruits will get on-the-job training and education through a three-year programme being delivered by the force and Staffordshire University. They will work towards a degree in professional policing practice.

After nine weeks of masterclasses and supported online learning, the new officers will join teams across the county to carry on their training and complete their apprenticeship. This includes rotations lasting eight weeks.

In 2019, Staffordshire Police entered into an innovative and strategic six-year partnership in with Warwickshire Police, West Mercia Police, West Midlands Police and Staffordshire University, who will deliver the course and qualifications for the four forces. In Staffordshire, the degree will be funded by Staffordshire Police via the national apprenticeship levy. This allows student officers to earn a degree 'on the job', with a starting salary of £21,000 which avoids building up any tuition fee debt.

Ongoing assessment and reviews ensure officers continue to learn and make progress, with support being provided by a tutor at the university and their own personal police tutor whilst on deployments.

Since June 2019 the force has welcomed more than 250 student officers from all different backgrounds into force to help us improve service and outcomes for local communities.

DCC Barnett said: "The attestation is an important occasion for officers and it was a huge pleasure to welcome them to the force - virtually on this occasion! I wish them all the very best for their future careers with Staffordshire Police.

"This new route into policing is designed to equip officers with the skills they need to tackle issues, such as prevention, early intervention and problem-solving skills, and serve communities to the best of their abilities."
