```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Neighbourhood officers in Cannock have made two arrests this afternoon and reported a dozen drivers for road traffic offences as Operation Disrupt continues.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made as Op Disrupt continues in Cannock
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/arrests-made-as-op-disrupt-continues-in-cannock/
publish:
  date: 16:26 25/09/2020
title: Arrests made as Op Disrupt continues in Cannock | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/arrests-made-as-op-disrupt-continues-in-cannock/
```

Neighbourhood officers in Cannock have made two arrests this afternoon and reported a dozen drivers for road traffic offences as Operation Disrupt continues.

A 23-year-old man was stopped in Heath Hayes and arrested for driving under the influence of drugs and possession of cannabis.

A 36-year-old man from Cannock was arrested for failing to appear at court and possession of an offensive weapon.

Officers also reported three motorists for using mobile phones while driving, four drivers for not wearing seatbelts, and further motorists for vehicle defects.

The Operation continues tonight. Staffordshire Police's Operation Disrupt targets criminality with warrants, searches and vehicle checks across the county.

Chief Inspector Becky Hyde, area commander of Cannock Chase Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We have lots of ongoing activity as part of Operation Disrupt and officers are already achieving good results in the first few hours with arrests made and road traffic offences reported.

Superintendent Tom Chisholm, Head of Neighbourhood Policing, said: "We've seen great work right across the county - in Moorlands, Stoke, Cannock, Burton and Stafford's neighbourhood policing teams. We have lots planned in the coming weeks as we work together to Disrupt criminal activity across Staffordshire."

In recent days the Force has concluded a County Lines operation cracking down on drugs activity, where 28 arrests were made and eight people safeguarded, and Operation Lightning - three weeks of roads-based activity where 191 arrests were made and 249 vehicles seized.
