```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers are issuing a fresh plea for information about or witnesses to a trio of indecent exposure incidents around Biddulph.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fresh appeal for information over indecent exposures around Biddulph
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/fresh-appeal-for-information-over-indecent-exposures-around-biddulph/
publish:
  date: 10:30 15/02/2021
title: Fresh appeal for information over indecent exposures around Biddulph | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/fresh-appeal-for-information-over-indecent-exposures-around-biddulph/
```

Officers are issuing a fresh plea for information about or witnesses to a trio of indecent exposure incidents around Biddulph.

The first occurred at about 6pm on 13 January where a woman was out running and a man exposed himself to her.

The incident happened in Woodhouse Lane. A man, believed to be in a silver Vauxhall Corsa, pulled up alongside her and exposed himself by performing an indecent act.

He was described as white, aged in his mid-30s with fair hair, pale blue eyes, and was wearing a black jacket and blue jeans.

Then at 9.30am on 27 January, a woman was walking her dog down Smithy Lane towards Congleton Road near to the Premier Stop shop.

A car she described as small and blue pulled up just ahead of her. She looked in as she walked past to see a man performing an indecent act.

She described the man as possibly aged in his 20s with a surgical mask on his face, and wearing a dirty grey cap and grey hoodie.

The car then drove to the junction and turned right onto Congleton Road towards Congleton.

And on 28 January at 2.30pm a woman was in the car park of Sainsbury's on Wharf Road loading her shopping into her vehicle when what is believed to be a silver Vauxhall Corsa pulled up beside her. When she looked over she has seen the driver performing an indecent act but didn't have a chance to see his face.

Officers are now looking for anyone who may have seen any of the incidents or who might have any information to get in touch.

PC Nicola Hepburn of the Biddulph Neighbourhood Policing Team said: " We don't want to cause panic within the community as these are only a few incidents. But we want to encourage anybody who knows anything or has had a similar experience to come forward.

"Did anyone see a silver or grey Vauxhall Corsa in the areas mentioned at the times described who might have been acting suspiciously?"

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 104 of 13 January, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
