```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Staffordshire want to thank the thousands of motorists who don\u2019t speed on the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers thank majority of motorists for sticking to speed limits
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/officers-thank-majority-of-motorists-for-sticking-to-speed-limits/
publish:
  date: 09:50 09/06/2020
title: Officers thank majority of motorists for sticking to speed limits | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/officers-thank-majority-of-motorists-for-sticking-to-speed-limits/
```

Police in Staffordshire want to thank the thousands of motorists who don't speed on the county's roads.

For the past two weeks, between Monday 25 May and Sunday 7 June, officers carried out focused patrols on roads and areas where speeding is known to be an issue or there is a history of serious collisions.

The vast majority of motorists were abiding to the limits but sadly 1,192 were caught speeding.

Working with colleagues from the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership, the force's Road Policing Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Teams, including special constables, have targeted drivers who speed in a bid to reduce the number of deaths and casualties.

The safety camera team used fixed and mobile cameras to enforce the law and support the campaign. The mobile cameras can also pick up when a driver is not wearing a seat belt or when they are using a mobile phone - also key factors in serious and fatal collisions.

A number of drivers were also stopped by officers and dealt with after being caught driving at excessive speeds. Some examples of excessive speeds include one driver caught on the A50 near Uttoxeter (a 70mph road) travelling at 146mph, while another was seen travelling at 133mph. A driver in Meir, Stoke-on-Trent, was stopped for driving at 56mph in a 30mph zone and finally a motorist in Stourton was caught travelling at 71mph on the A449, a 40mph road.

Officers also arrested a man after he was stopped travelling at 103mph. He was arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs and later released under investigation.

The targeted activity was part of a national approach, co-ordinated by the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC).

Chief Inspector Mat Derrick, from the force's Roads Policing Unit, said: "We're very thankful to all those who travel within the speed limits and our officers gave a thumbs up to many motorists during the operation.

"However, at a time when many people are returning to our roads as lockdown eases, unfortunately there were a minority caught exceeding the limits with shocking disregard for other road users' safety.

"Even a few extra miles per hour can make all the difference to injuries resulting from a collision so to find people exceeding the limit by 20, 30 and even 70mph is extremely worrying.

"Leisure opportunities are very limited at the moment and we're seeing many extra people are out walking or cycling on our roads, so we really need people to be speed aware to protect themselves and these other vulnerable road users."
