```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have launched an investigation after a serious sexual assault in Shelton.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information about serious sexual assault in Shelton
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/detectives-appeal-for-information-about-serious-sexual-assault-in-shelton/
publish:
  date: 12:28 06/11/2019
title: Detectives appeal for information about serious sexual assault in Shelton | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/detectives-appeal-for-information-about-serious-sexual-assault-in-shelton/
```

Detectives have launched an investigation after a serious sexual assault in Shelton.

The incident happened at around 6.30pm last night (5 November) in Hanley Park by Stoke Road entrance.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, is currently receiving support from specially-trained officers.

Detective Inspector Adrian Webb, of CID, said: "At around 6.40pm last night, we received a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted in the Shelton area of Stoke-on-Trent.

"We have been carrying out a number of enquiries today to establish the full circumstances of the incident; however we are still in the early stages of our investigation.

"I am particularly keen to speak to witnesses who were in the Lower part of Stoke Road , from the Park to the A500 at approximately 18:15 hours. I would like to speak to a witness who was driving a silver Peugeot hatch back car at the junction of Avenue Road and Stoke Road. The driver of this car is a witness and not a suspect.

Officers will be in the local area checking CCTV but if you have footage or Dash cam images from this specific time and location it would be of great assistance.
Local residents will notice an increased police presence in the area in the coming days and I would urge anyone who has information that can assist us to please contact police."

Anyone with information, CCTV or dashcam footage should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 626 of 5 November, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
