```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: 'UPDATE: We are issuing a fresh appeal for information after more incidences of theft including post boxes and property signs were brought to light.'
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Fresh appeal for information after further post box among thefts'
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/update-fresh-appeal-for-information-after-further-post-box-among-thefts/
publish:
  date: 15:36 16/11/2020
title: 'UPDATE: Fresh appeal for information after further post box among thefts | Staffordshire Police'
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/update-fresh-appeal-for-information-after-further-post-box-among-thefts/
```

UPDATE: We are issuing a fresh appeal for information after more incidences of theft including post boxes and property signs were brought to light.

Following the initial taking of three post boxes and a property sign in Yoxall, Woodmill and Rugeley last week, the latest discovered items have this time been taken from Yoxall and Rugeley again, as well as Abbots Bromley.

The first of the latest known thefts occurred when a post box was taken on Newlands Lane, Stockwell Heath, Rugeley, some time between 10.50am on November 9 and 11am on November 10.

There was another property sign taken at around 10.20pm on November 10 on Morrey Lane, Hadley End, Yoxall.

Another theft was of 2.5m of metal chain taken from Blithfield Reservoir, Port Lane, Abbots Bromley, between 4pm on November 10 and 7am on November 11.

We have received reports that a dark coloured pickup truck-type vehicle may be involved as it was reported as seen in the area as noises were heard to do with the theft of the sign in Morrey Lane, Yoxall, in particular.

The three post boxes stolen last week were on Dunstall Lane, Hadley End, Yoxall; Woodmill, Woodlane, Yoxall; and Bancroft Lane, Nethertown, Rugeley. A property sign was also taken from a property called The Oaks, Upper Hoar Cross Road, Hadley End.

PC Richard Lymer, of the East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Through our investigations, we have also become aware of further incidences involving a neighbouring force.

"We will continue to pool our resources and information in order to catch those responsible."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 213 and 721 of November 12 and 106 of November 13, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
