```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who kicked and spat at officers as he was arrested in Stafford has been sentenced to six months in prison.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who kicked and spat at officers in Stafford jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/man-who-kicked-and-spat-at-officers-in-stafford-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:06 06/04/2020
title: Man who kicked and spat at officers in Stafford jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/man-who-kicked-and-spat-at-officers-in-stafford-jailed/
```

A man who kicked and spat at officers as he was arrested in Stafford has been sentenced to six months in prison.

Rikki Swift, 26, of no fixed address, was recalled to prison and sentenced to six months for pleading guilty to assaulting an emergency worker.

He was sentenced at North Staffordshire Justice Centre in Newcastle-under-Lyme on Saturday (April 4). The court heard that Swift was seen drinking at Riverside in Stafford at 7pm on April 2.

During the arrest Swift struggled and punched an officer and kicked out and spat. He had to be restrained and a spit hood used.

Officers have also arrested a 42-year-old Stafford man for three counts of assault and assaulting a police officer.

It is alleged that he spat at a police officer during the arrest in Stafford town centre on Saturday at 9.45pm.

He appeared before magistrates in Newcastle-under-Lyme this morning (Monday) and was bailed to appear at Stafford Crown Court on May 4.

Officers also attended an incident in Metcalfe Road, Stanfields, where a man allegedly coughed in a police officer's face.

A 31-year-old man from Tunstall has been arrested on suspicion of harassment and assault police following the incident on April 3. He has been bailed while enquiries continue.

Staffordshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Simon Tweats said: "We investigated a number of incidents over the weekend and on the whole people complied with government guidelines.

"However, as these cases demonstrate we will take enforcement action when required and put people before the courts. It is simply unacceptable for workers who are in the frontline serving the public to be spat at or threatened.

"We want to work with the public to stop the spread of Covid-19.

"With Easter weekend approaching and the temptation to get out and about the message to the public remains clear: please stay at home and follow the guidelines. We don't want to make arrests but we will do so if required."

"I want to be clear and open about the steps we're taking to protect the public, but I also want to thank the majority of people who stayed at home last weekend in Staffordshire."
