```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Oct 5) been found guilty of the murder of Anas Chergat who was stabbed to death in Stoke-on-Trent last year.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found guilty of the murder of Anas Chergat
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/man-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-anas-chergat/
publish:
  date: 14:24 05/10/2020
title: Man found guilty of the murder of Anas Chergat | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/man-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-anas-chergat/
```

A man has today (Oct 5) been found guilty of the murder of Anas Chergat who was stabbed to death in Stoke-on-Trent last year.

Richard Street, aged 29, of no fixed address, was found guilty at Stafford Crown Court of the murder of Mr Chergat in Sandon Street, Etruria, on 23 August last year.

Street will now be sentenced alongside Alan Martyn, aged 45, of no fixed address, who pleaded guilty in a hearing on 28 July to the murder of Mr Chergat.

Stafford Crown Court heard that an argument took place between the men involving a debt and that Martyn stabbed Mr Chergat twice. Street had already left the property in Sandon Street, but was exchanging text messages with Martyn, whom he knew to be violent, about debt.

Martyn and Street also attempted to throw away mobile phones the pair had used. Forensic work, as well as painstaking work to connect the mobile phones used, and review of CCTV evidence, placed Street and Martyn at Mr Chergat's address.

Detective Inspector Alan Lyford, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We are glad that these men have now been convicted for the murder of Anas Chergat and hope this brings some comfort to his family who have had to deal with his loss."

"Martyn and Street are dangerous and violent men who were ruthless following an argument over a debt. They then took steps to conceal their crime. "I am also grateful to those witnesses who came forward and allowed us to bring this case before the court."

Street and Martyn had earlier pleaded guilty to supplying cannabis to Mr Chergat. The date Martyn and Street will be sentenced is to be confirmed by the court.
