```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Five people were arrested after a protest at a factory site in Lichfield was brought to a peaceful end by officers
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five more arrests as Lichfield protest brought to a peaceful end
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/five-more-arrests-as-lichfield-protest-brought-to-a-peaceful-end/
publish:
  date: 12:19 17/09/2020
title: Five more arrests as Lichfield protest brought to a peaceful end | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/five-more-arrests-as-lichfield-protest-brought-to-a-peaceful-end/
```

Five people were arrested after a protest at a factory site in Lichfield was brought to a peaceful end by officers

Police have been at the scene in Shenstone since 6am on Monday 14 September following reports that a group had started to protest on the roof of a property.

Two women and a man - aged between 26 and 47 and from London - remain in police custody having been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and trespassing offences.

Two others - a 40-year-old man of no fixed address and a 50-year-old woman from Norfolk - have also been detained on suspicion of trespass and other criminal damage offences. They remain in police custody.

These bring the total number of arrests made in connection with the protest to eight. It's after two women and a man were arrested on suspicion of conspiring to cause criminal damage on Tuesday 15 September. They have since been placed on conditional bail.

Assistant Chief Constable Scott Green from Staffordshire Police said: "We have been working hard to ensure that this issue was resolved peacefully and without too much disruption to the local community.

"We thoroughly support people's right to protest but, when criminal acts were starting to be committed, we took the decision to arrest those involved.

"However, given the location of the protests, we needed to have a plan that would ensure the protest was resolved safely. We succeeded in doing this by using the experience and the specialist skills of officers.

"I would like to end by thanking the public and members of the local community for their constant support and cooperation during this time."
