```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: The Chief Constable of Staffordshire Police, Gareth Morgan, has today, 11 March 2021, announced his decision to retire after 33 years in policing.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chief Constable Gareth Morgan announces decision to retire
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/chief-constable-gareth-morgan-announces-decision-to-retire/
publish:
  date: 10:09 11/03/2021
title: Chief Constable Gareth Morgan announces decision to retire | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/chief-constable-gareth-morgan-announces-decision-to-retire/
```

The Chief Constable of Staffordshire Police, Gareth Morgan, has today, 11 March 2021, announced his decision to retire after 33 years in policing.

Mr Morgan will retire in June after serving as the force's Chief Constable for the past four years.

"Being the Chief Constable in Staffordshire has been an extraordinary privilege and I am immensely proud of the force and the professionalism and dedication of colleagues who serve local communities across Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent.

"As a Chief Constable you are entrusted to hold an office and to lead and guide an organisation for the time you are in post. My hope as I took on the role was to leave Staffordshire Police in a better place, building on, not detracting from the legacy of all those who have gone before me. It is for others to judge but I believe I've done my job to the best of my ability with the support and hard work of my colleagues. I fervently believe Staffordshire Police will continue to grow and thrive in the future to better serve the public and to embrace the opportunities a post-Covid environment will provide.

"Upon my retirement in June, I am looking forward to rediscovering many of the interests I've not had time to pursue of late and to volunteering. In the meantime, I remain committed to continuing to lead the force and support local communities as we hopefully return to a more normal way of life as the current restrictions ease."

The Staffordshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Matthew Ellis, said:
"'Gareth has led the force through a huge period of change and a challenging financial landscape over the last few years and not least over the last 12 months with the pandemic.

"The enormous changes in crime and the way it's committed needed new thinking and a new approach, which Gareth has brought successfully to Staffordshire. Policing in Staffordshire is amongst the most effective in the country with crime levels having fallen over the last few years.

"He leaves a great legacy and the force in excellent shape to meet the ever-changing challenges of the future.

"I want to thank Gareth on behalf of the people across Staffordshire for his huge contribution in making our wonderful county even safer for us all. I wish him all the very best when he leaves in a few months' time."
