```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information about a stabbing that occurred in Stoke on Friday night (15 January).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information over stabbing in Stoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/detectives-appeal-for-information-over-stabbing-in-stoke/
publish:
  date: 15:04 18/01/2021
title: Detectives appeal for information over stabbing in Stoke | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/detectives-appeal-for-information-over-stabbing-in-stoke/
```

Detectives are appealing for information about a stabbing that occurred in Stoke on Friday night (15 January).

We received a call on Saturday (16 January) reporting that a man had been putting his rubbish out the previous evening when he was attacked and stabbed.

The victim had taken his rubbish bags to an alleyway that runs between Boughey Street and Frank Street near to his property at about 9.50pm on Friday evening when he was approached by two men from the direction of Boughey Street.

They asked the victim, who is in his 30s, for his mobile phone and cash and when he said 'no' to them they attacked him with a knife.

The first man stabbed the victim and a struggle ensued before the second man fled the scene in the direction of Boughey Street and then towards London Road.

The victim was then able to break free from the first man and he, too, fled in the same direction as the second man.

A witness saw them cross London Road and flee into another alleyway on the other side alongside the Past And Present shop.

He attended Royal Stoke Hospital by himself and was treated for multiple facial and hand injuries.

The victim did not recognise the two men who attacked him.

He describes the first man who was holding the knife as white, of medium build and aged either in his late teens or early 20s. He was about 5ft 8in tall with blonde hair and was clean shaven and spoke with a local Potteries accent. He had either a hat or hood on his head and was wearing a black hooded jacket.

The knife was described as kitchen-style, 12in in length with a black handle and silver blade.

The second man was again white and aged either in his late teens or early 20s. He was smaller than the first attacker, about 5ft 6in tall and of medium build. He also had a black hooded jacket and had his hood up.

Anyone who was in the area at the time who saw anything or who may have any useful information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 435 of 16 January, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
