```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University in November.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Introducing future Detective Constable Naurane - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/introducing-future-detective-constable-naurane---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
publish:
  date: 09:49 12/03/2021
title: Introducing future Detective Constable Naurane - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/introducing-future-detective-constable-naurane---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
```

Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University in November.

Thirty new student officers took their attestation and were sworn in as police officers that month.

The force and Staffordshire University have worked in partnership to deliver the course, which is accredited by the College of Policing.

It offers a two-year intensive programme which combines a mix of on-the-job practical policing experience with detective teams, alongside academic tutoring and rotations in different departments.

Once the students have successfully completed the course, they will be awarded a Level 6 Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice by Staffordshire University and a PIP 2 Detective delivered under licence by the College of Policing. They will then be posted as a Detective Constable in the force's investigations directorate.

In the second of a series of profiles looking at the candidates on the course, we meet Naurane Asif, who gives us an insight into what made her decide to join the course.

**NAME:** Naurane Asif

**AGE:** 21

**PREVIOUS POLICE EXPERIENCE:** Operational Support Grade at a youth offenders' institution

**INSPIRATION TO BE A DC:** Emulating family members working in law inforcement

"I was about to graduate and I was looking to use my degree to build my career. I studied law at university and found that I really enjoyed criminal law and sentencing penology. I did some research and decided that the detective route was what I wanted to do.

"From there, I searched different police forces' websites to see any roles that could help me build my career. At the time I was living in London but I had family in Staffordshire and who worked within the force so I decided to look on the website. I found the role as a coincidence and decided to apply.

"In my previous role I worked in a youth offenders' institution in London. I really enjoyed my time there and I learnt a lot with regards to sentencing, remands and releases. I also learnt the importance of communication and how your attitude can affect the people around you. All the offenders in the prison were either my age or younger and I found that it was easier for me to build rapport with them. It was clear from my interactions with them that respect goes a long way.

"My family are really supportive of me taking this role. My mum is proud that I have chosen this career. She has believed in my ability, so much so that she left London and moved to Staffordshire with me. Many members of my family are involved in law enforcement in some way from lawyers to police officers. They are all very supportive of me taking this step in my career."
