```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating after a delivery van filled with dozens of parcels was stolen in Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers repeat advice to couriers after delivery van stolen in Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/officers-repeat-advice-to-couriers-after-delivery-van-stolen-in-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 12:44 18/12/2020
title: Officers repeat advice to couriers after delivery van stolen in Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/officers-repeat-advice-to-couriers-after-delivery-van-stolen-in-stoke-on-trent/
```

Police are investigating after a delivery van filled with dozens of parcels was stolen in Stoke-on-Trent.

Officers were called out to Sandon Road in Meir at around 12.30pm on Thursday afternoon following reports a Vauxhall Vivaro was taken while the driver was delivering a package.

And the incident comes a day after a driver was targeted in Hanley where on that occasion three men approached the rear of the vehicle - while the courier was also in the back - and stole eight parcels before making off in a car.

Now couriers are being urged to stay vigilant and always secure their vans while making deliveries.

During the incident in Meir it was reported the suspect arrived as a passenger in a silver car before getting out and leaving in the van.

Sergeant Chris Moss, deputy commander for Stoke-on-Trent South Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "At this time of year we see an increased number of couriers in the city and we ask drivers to be vigilant and always secure their vehicles.

"As a force we would urge all drivers to avoid leaving vehicles unlocked or leaving keys in the ignition, even if you are still close by. Ciminals will take any opportunity, however small.

"Couriers have been doing a vital job in the current climate and we don't want to see their livelihoods affected. Along with providing them with advice on how to stay safe we equally want to hear from anyone with information on the recent incidents in Stoke-on-Trent."

Anyone with any information on the theft in Meir should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 0294 of December 17, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Those with information on the theft in Hanley, which took place on Ridgway Road at around 5pm on December 16, should follow the same procedure but quote incident 0605 of December 16.
