```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: More than &#163;31,000 can be seized from a convicted drug dealer following work by financial investigators at Staffordshire Police.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Financial investigators to seize &#163;31k from convicted drug dealer
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/financial-investigators-to-seize-31k-from-convicted-drug-dealer/
publish:
  date: 16:04 17/06/2020
title: Financial investigators to seize &#163;31k from convicted drug dealer | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/financial-investigators-to-seize-31k-from-convicted-drug-dealer/
```

More than £31,000 can be seized from a convicted drug dealer following work by financial investigators at Staffordshire Police.

A confiscation order was made on Tuesday (June 16) in a hearing at Wolverhampton Crown Court for Tariq Khwaja to repay £31,955.

The full amount must be paid in three months, with failure to repay resulting in a further 12-month jail sentence.

Khwaja, aged 47, formerly of Parkhill Road, Sutton Coldfield, was jailed for nine years for possession with intent to supply cocaine and cannabis in March 2018. He was in a car stopped on the M6 near junction 14, which contained a large quantity of cannabis marked 'fragile' and hidden in laundry bags.

The Staffordshire Police Financial Investigation Unit, complete investigations that can assist colleagues and partner agencies to identify where a financial benefit has been made, and where appropriate take action in both criminal and civil courts.

Once the order is paid, the money is distributed between the Government Agencies, Courts, CPS and Police. The money returned to Staffordshire Police is used to fund crime fighting and support crime and anti-social behaviour reduction initiatives.

Detective Sergeant Chris Roberts, of the Financial Investigation unit, said: "We will continue to explore opportunities to use the Proceeds of Crime Act. This legislation allows us to recover assets from criminals and ensure that they don't benefit financially from their crimes."

"We're very pleased the order has been granted following hard work from my team and also that of the original investigation team who secured the conviction."

If you have information about drug-dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
