```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Five men and a woman have been charged in connection with the kidnap and false imprisonment of two men from Stoke-on-Trent in July.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six charged in connection with kidnap and false imprisonment of two men from Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/six-charged-in-connection-with-kidnap-and-false-imprisonment-of-two-men-from-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 16:33 19/08/2020
title: Six charged in connection with kidnap and false imprisonment of two men from Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/six-charged-in-connection-with-kidnap-and-false-imprisonment-of-two-men-from-stoke-on-trent/
```

Five men and a woman have been charged in connection with the kidnap and false imprisonment of two men from Stoke-on-Trent in July.

Cornelius Stewart Price, 38, of Sai Wen, Lower Heath, Stourport-on-Seven, is charged with conspiracy to kidnap. He appeared before magistrates on 1 August.

Danny Bridges, 39, of Sai Wen, Lower Heath, Stourport-on-Seven, is charged with conspiracy to kidnap and conspiracy to blackmail. He appeared before magistrates on 1 August

Mark Kavanagh, 32, of Brindley Avenue, Manchester, is charged with conspiracy to kidnap and conspiracy to blackmail. He appeared before magistrates on 11 August.

Darren McClean, 35, of Smithy Fen Farm, Cottenham, is charged with two counts of kidnap and two counts of false imprisonment. He also faces charges of driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance. He appeared before magistrates on 20 July.

Quincy Jarron Bramble, 30, of Lighterman Mews, London, is charged with two counts of kidnap and two counts of false imprisonment. He appeared before magistrates on 27 July.

All five men were remanded in custody and appeared at Wood Green Crown Court in London on Monday (17 August). They will next appear at the same court on Friday 13 November 2020.

Lisa Marie Finnerty, 37 of Ethel Court, Rochdale, Lancashire, is charged with conspiracy to kidnap and conspiracy to blackmail. She will appear before magistrates at the North Staffordshire Justice Centre on 15 October.

Detectives have made two further arrests in connection with the incident.

A 37-year-old woman, from Rochdale, Lancashire, has been arrested on suspicion of the supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under investigation pending further enquiries and a 28-year-old man, from Cottentham, Cambridgshire, has been arrested on suspicion of kidnap.

Both have been released under investigation while investigations continue.
