```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police in Tamworth are reminding residents to be vigilant around locking their cars and not storing valuables in them.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tamworth police issue reminder over car safety as man charged with multiple offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tamworth-police-issue-reminder-over-car-safety-as-man-charged-with-multiple-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:32 22/01/2021
title: Tamworth police issue reminder over car safety as man charged with multiple offences | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tamworth-police-issue-reminder-over-car-safety-as-man-charged-with-multiple-offences/
```

Police in Tamworth are reminding residents to be vigilant around locking their cars and not storing valuables in them.

The advice follows a number of incidents in the town and the charging of a local man for multiple offences.

He was arrested and then charged with multiple counts of interfering with a motor vehicle on Cheviot and Darnbrook in Stonydelph on 10 January and has been bailed with conditions to appear at Cannock Magistrates' Court on 17 February.

It follows a number of incidents between Christmas and New Year where vehicle thefts, the taking of items from within vehicles and criminal damage occurred between 28 December 2020 and 4 January.

And a safety reminder was also issued in early December 2020 after a Luis Vuitton purse worth up to £450 was taken from an unlocked car parked on a driveway on Zennor in Amington overnight between 8 December and 9 December.

Sergeant Anthony Wilson of Staffordshire Police's Neighbourhood Policing Team for Tamworth, said: "Following the arrest and charging of Adam Meer we are once again reminding people to be vigilant when It comes to keeping their vehicles secure when they are not with them.

"We again urge people to please ensure they lock their vehicles - especially overnight - and to ensure that valuables are not stored inside them. If they do leave items like sat navs in their vehicles overnight then people are reminded to ensure they are stored out of sight and not to leave evidence of them being inside such as suction cap marks on windscreens from sat nav or mobile phone holders.

"We will continue to pro-actively seek out those who wish to inflict crime on their communities, but we also need residents' help in preventing it."

Here's a list of steps you can take to ensure you don't become targeted by thieves:

• **Always lock your car - whether you've popped out for essentials or filling up on fuel it's vital you keep your doors locked at all times.**

**• Secure your number plates - use tamper resistant screws to make it harder for thieves to steal them.**

**• Secure anything that's on the outside of your vehicle - Got a roof-rack or holiday top box? Make sure they're locked properly if you've got no choice but to leave them with your vehicle overnight.**

**• Take it with you or hide it - mobile phones, coins, sunglasses, handbags or medication are all irresistible to an opportunist thief. They shouldn't be left in an unattended vehicle.**

**• Hide electrical items and leave no clues - Make sure you take down sat nav mounts and remove suction cup marks as they're tell-tale signs that a gadget is stored inside.**

**• Park in well-lit and busy areas - If you don't have a drive then make sure your car is left in a well-lit area, preferably one with security cameras nearby.**

**• Protect your tools - If you must leave your tools in your van overnight then make sure they're marked well, this makes them less appealing to thieves looking to sell them on. Keep a photo inventory of all that you have as well.**

There are also useful guides to keeping your vehicle secure on the Staffordshire Police website, such as 'Is your vehicle attracting thieves?' available at https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/theft-of-a-vehicle/vehicle-attracting-thieves/ and 'How to keep your vehicle safe and sound' available at https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/theft-from-a-vehicle/vehicle-safe-and-sound/

If you are a victim of theft from your vehicle, call 101 to report the incident. In an emergency, always dial 999.
