```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Eleven arrests have been made in a week in Stone \u2013 including suspected theft, handling and possession of drugs."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eleven arrests made in a week in Stone as officers Disrupt criminal activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/eleven-arrests-made-in-a-week-in-stone-as-officers-disrupt-criminal-activity/
publish:
  date: 16:24 07/10/2020
title: Eleven arrests made in a week in Stone as officers Disrupt criminal activity | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/eleven-arrests-made-in-a-week-in-stone-as-officers-disrupt-criminal-activity/
```

Eleven arrests have been made in a week in Stone - including suspected theft, handling and possession of drugs.

This morning officers detained a man in Stone town centre. Brandon Dickinson, 20, of Runnymede, was charged with being in breach of his criminal behaviour order not to enter Stone town centre.

He was stopped by officers in Mount Street at 2am and appeared before magistrates today (Oct 7).

On Friday (2 Oct) a 38-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a television in Stone High Street.

A 27-year-old man was arrested in Old Road on 1 October on suspicion of possessing class A drugs, driving while disqualified, possessing an offensive weapon and possessing class B drugs.

On the same day a garage was broken into in King's Avenue and a bike stolen. The owner spotted the bike for sale online and officers made two arrests. Enquiries are ongoing.

An 18-year-old was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs following a stop in Walton on 29 September. Cash and drugs were confiscated.

On the same day officers arrested two men, aged 27 and 36, from Walton, on suspicion of theft following a car break-in in Station Road.

Officers also arrested a 39-year-old from Stafford on suspicion of theft of a bike from the Wine Cellar.

A 40-year-old Walton man was arrested for handling stolen goods, relating to a bike stolen from Hawthorne Avenue. Further enquiries led to the arrest of a 35-year-old Stafford man.

Chief Inspector Giles Parsons, area commander for Stafford Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "It's been a busy week and officers have delivered some great results, with arrests for suspected theft, handling, drugs possession and carrying weapons.

"We really appreciate the support we get from people in Stone, but I'm asking people to report crime to us first.

"We want to ensure that people stay safe, so please share information with us, let us make the arrests and with your help we'll bring suspected offenders before the courts."

Anyone with information can contact us via social media or 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
