```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of hate crimes in Leek on Saturday have arrested a 23-year-old man from Leek on suspicion of racially aggravated assault.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Men arrested following reports of hate crimes in Leek
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/man-arrested-following-reports-of-hate-crimes-in-leek/
publish:
  date: 21:40 06/07/2020
title: Men arrested following reports of hate crimes in Leek | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/man-arrested-following-reports-of-hate-crimes-in-leek/
```

Officers investigating reports of hate crimes in Leek on Saturday have arrested two men on suspicion of racially aggravated public order offences.

The incidents took place on Saturday evening (5 July) at a number of locations in the town centre. It was reported that racist and abusive language had been directed at two men.

Following an investigation, officers from Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Policing Team detained a 23-year-old and 29-year-old man from Leek this evening (6 July).

They remain in custody with further enquiries ongoing.

Chief Inspector Mark Thorley said, commander of Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Policing Team: "The targeting of anyone for abuse - especially of a racist nature - is unacceptable. We will not tolerate hate crimes on any level and all reports will be thoroughly investigated.

"This type of incident is rare in the area, and is not something that I am aware of being reported in Leek or across the Moorlands previously."

"The majority of people who ventured to pubs and bars in our town centres on Saturday did so responsibly, but, as ever, there was a minority whose actions unfortunately overshadowed the good behaviour of others."

A dedicated policing operation was in place over the weekend and officers were on patrol in Leek, Biddulph and Cheadle town centres with support from the Staffordshire Moorlands District Council licensing team.

A number of dispersal orders were issued to members of the public who officers felt would cause anti-social behaviour if they remained in the area.
