```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: As we continue to stay local during the coronavirus pandemic, police officers in your local area are continuing to do all they can to reduce crime and protect people from the impact of offending in their neighbourhoods.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Recruiting Neighbourhood Tasking Team officers to support local policing
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/recruiting-neighbourhood-tasking-team-officers-to-support-local-policing/
publish:
  date: 11:42 26/02/2021
title: Recruiting Neighbourhood Tasking Team officers to support local policing | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/recruiting-neighbourhood-tasking-team-officers-to-support-local-policing/
```

As we continue to stay local during the coronavirus pandemic, police officers in your local area are continuing to do all they can to reduce crime and protect people from the impact of offending in their neighbourhoods.

Staffordshire Police's recently created Neighbourhood Tasking Team (NTT) works seven days a week across all of the force's local areas in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent.

The team, which was set up in November 2020, currently consists of a sergeant and 10 PCs stationed at Longton, along with a sergeant and six PCs stationed at Stafford.

An Inspector also joined the team in January this year.

The team is continuing to expand, and it is hoped it will eventually boast a chief inspector, six sergeants and a total of 54 constables along with those already on board.

Officers in the team focus on early intervention in order to help control and disrupt local criminal activity by working with partners and support Neighbourhood Policing Teams (NPTs).

Activities carried out by the team include arresting outstanding offenders, supporting repeat victims, attending hotspot locations and providing high visibility reassurance patrols in required locations.

The NTT will provide up to 60 officers to be called upon by NPTs when required. Each NPT commander will soon have an NTT officer assigned to their neighbourhood team too.

Since its creation, the team has successfully made more than 100 arrests of individuals connected with organised crime groups and the force's most wanted individuals.

NTT officers have also increased their use of stop and search powers, using ANPR vehicles and other resources to respond to instances of threat and harm to the public, including drug dealing and acquisitive crime.

The team continues to work with harm reduction hubs too, in order to support the ongoing safeguarding of vulnerable adults and young people involved in county lines drug dealing.

The force is currently recruiting PCs and sergeants to join the NTT, to enable two teams to operate from Stafford, two in Burton and two in Longton.

Inspector Scott Robson, of the Neighbourhood Tasking Team at Staffordshire Police, said: "The officers who form part of the NTT are committed to supporting NPTs with proactive early intervention solutions that will help achieve better outcomes for victims and wider communities."

Anyone interested in finding out more about the work of the NTT should keep an eye on https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/police-forces/staffordshire-police/areas/staffordshire-police/c/careers/ for the latest updates.
