```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers are investigating a number of incidents of catalytic converters being stolen from vehicles in Stoke-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following catalytic converter thefts in Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 11:47 02/03/2021
title: Appeal for witnesses following catalytic converter thefts in Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-stoke-on-trent/
```

Officers are investigating a number of incidents of catalytic converters being stolen from vehicles in Stoke-on-Trent.

And motorists are being urged to arrange for the device to be marked, where possible, in an effort to deter thieves and help police track them down.

Recent thefts in the city include:

 * Catalytic converters were taken from five cars parked outside a unit off Davenport Street in Tunstall at around 6am on February 18;

 * A Toyota Auris parked on Hawes Street in Tunstall was targeted overnight between February 23 and the following day;

 * A Honda Civic on Burslem's Furlong Pass had its catalytic converter taken at around 9.30pm on February 23 with CCTV showing two individuals jack the car up before leaving the scene in a vehicle in the direction of Queen Street;

 * At some point overnight between 8pm on February 23 and 6am the following day, a Toyota Yaris parked on Pinnox Street in Tunstall was targeted where the catalytic converter was stolen;

 * A catalytic converter was stolen from an MG TF off Moorland Road in Burslem at some point between February 11 and February 25.

Sergeant Charlie Emmett, deputy commander of Stoke-on-Trent North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "There have been a number of incidents across the county where catalytic converters have been stolen and we have seen such offences take place in the Potteries.

"We have obtained CCTV from some of the offences reported to us and are continuing our enquiries to identify those responsible for the thefts. We are keeping an open mind over whether it is the same people responsible and investigations remain ongoing.

"These thefts leave the vehicle's owner with a repair bill and other potential damage to rectify.

"While we are carrying out patrols in hotspot areas I would urge the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious incidents they see around vehicles.

"We always advise to park in well-lit areas and park your vehicle in a garage if you have one. In addition, marking a converter with a unique reference will help police identify the owner should it be stolen and deter a thief."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
