```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who was linked by forensic evidence to a drugs haul at a Stoke-on-Trent property has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man linked to drugs in &#163;300k seizure jailed for seven years
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/man-linked-to-drugs-in-300k-seizure-jailed-for-seven-years/
publish:
  date: 12:09 25/03/2021
title: Man linked to drugs in &#163;300k seizure jailed for seven years | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/man-linked-to-drugs-in-300k-seizure-jailed-for-seven-years/
```

A man who was linked by forensic evidence to a drugs haul at a Stoke-on-Trent property has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years.

Anthony Wright, aged 27, was sentenced at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday (March 24) after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs.

The court heard that on 16 October 2018 officers attended a property in Ward Place, Chell Heath, to execute a search warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

A chainsaw and enforcer were used to access the door at the property.

A number of men were present, including Peter Rogers Junior, who would be jailed in February 2019 for eight-and-a-half years at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court after pleading guilty to three separate counts of possession with intent to supply heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis.

As officers searched the address the police dog indicated interest in a wooded area outside the property and a quantity of bagged crack cocaine was found. The search continued and uncovered further drugs and drugs paraphernalia including digital scales, grip bags and spoons.

Heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis with a street value of up to £300,000 were found at the house.

Wright, of Alcester Close, Chell Heath, was not at the property at the time but the investigation that followed linked him to the drugs and group.

A phone top-up voucher linked Wright to a member of the group and he had made repeated calls immediately following the warrant at Ward Place.

He was arrested on 26 October. Forensic evidence - fingerprints and DNA - linked Wright to bags containing packages of crack cocaine, and a taped package containing 994 grams of heroin, among other items seized at Ward Place.

Evidence was found on his phone that Wright was supplying cannabis and cocaine.

Detective Inspector Tim Boulton, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This investigation has involved a lot of hard work and we hope these sentences send out a stark message to those who think they can spread misery, violence and debt through drug dealing."

DI Boulton said he was grateful for any information the public could supply.

"We rely on good intelligence to plan and execute our operations as we work to limit the supply of drugs into our county."

To report crime or drug dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
