```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: In November 2020, Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Introducing future Detective Constable Maddie - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/introducing-future-detective-constable-maddie---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
publish:
  date: 17:58 26/02/2021
title: Introducing future Detective Constable Maddie - one of the first ever crop of officers on Staffordshire Police&#39;s Degree Holder Entry Programme | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/introducing-future-detective-constable-maddie---one-of-the-first-ever-crop-of-officers-on-staffordshire-polices-degree-holder-entry-programme/
```

Staffordshire Police launched its first ever Detective Constable Degree Holder Entry Programme (DC DHEP) in partnership with Staffordshire University in November.

Thirty new student officers took their attestation and were sworn in as police officers that month.

The force and Staffordshire University have worked in partnership to deliver the course, which is accredited by the College of Policing.

It offers a two-year intensive programme which combines a mix of on-the-job practical policing experience with detective teams, alongside academic tutoring and rotations in different departments.

Once the students have successfully completed the course, they will be awarded a Level 6 Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice by Staffordshire University and a PIP 2 Detective delivered under licence by the College of Policing. They will then be posted as a Detective Constable in the force's investigations directorate.

In the first of a series of profiles looking at the candidates on the course, we meet Maddie Johnson, of Biddulph, who gives us an insight into what she and her fellow candidates are getting up to.

**NAME:** Maddie Johnson

 **AGE:** 23

 **LIVES:** Biddulph

 **PREVIOUS POLICE EXPERIENCE:** Policing and Criminal Investigation degree at Staffordshire University

 **INSPIRATION TO BE A DC:** The detective side of solving crime is my ultimate passion

"I first heard about this amazing job opportunity on Twitter and later via my university lecturers. Although I have always had a keen interest in policing, the detective side to solving crime is my ultimate passion and I knew this opportunity was perfect for me and I should apply.

"For as long as I can remember I have had a keen interest in policing and studied forensic science and criminology at college, which led me to study for a Policing and Criminal Investigation degree at Staffordshire University. I completed my degree last year, which was compulsory to apply for this role and perfect timing.

"I wish to pursue a life-long career in policing that would be both challenging and rewarding. It excites me to know that this role is diverse with many difficult situations, but where you can make a difference to society and be part of a supportive community with the opportunity to develop additional skills and progress further.

"Helping and supporting others is definitely a huge drive of mine. I gain great satisfaction from helping others, whether it be my own family and friends or people from a wider circle. I am a very family-oriented person and also love my furry and feathered family members and this most."
