```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after two men were seriously assaulted in Burton on Friday, 25 October.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after two Burton men assaulted
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/appeal-after-two-burton-men-assaulted/
publish:
  date: 16:42 28/10/2019
title: Appeal after two Burton men assaulted | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/appeal-after-two-burton-men-assaulted/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after two men were seriously assaulted in Burton on Friday, 25 October.

The incident happened at around 8pm in Saw Mill Way when the victims were delivering pizzas in a black Vauxhall Coupe. The car was approached by three men who attacked them with weapons before fleeing the scene.

One victim, aged 22, suffered a stab wound to his leg and the other, aged 24, suffered serious head injuries. Colleagues from West Midlands Ambulance Service attended and both men were taken to Queen's Hospital Burton for treatment. The 22-year-old was released later the same evening and the 24-year-old was transferred to Queen's Medical Centre University Hospital in Nottingham, where he remains for further treatment.

The suspects are described as three white men, aged between 22 and 24-years-old. One wore a grey hoodie with a black and white scarf and carried a cosh weapon. The others wore black hoodies and black scarves, one carried a knife and the other a cosh.

A 25-year-old man from Burton has been arrested on suspicion of assault. He has since been released under investigation while the investigation continues.

DC Andy Brooks, investigating officer, said: "This was a really nasty incident which has left a man with serious injuries.

"So far our enquiries lead us to believe that those involved may know each other and this wasn't a random attack, but we're very keen to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area on Friday night."

Witnesses or anyone who has any information is asked to call 101 or private message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 720 of 25 October. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
