```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A senior police officer has called on the public to share information about illegal raves as an operation to stop them continues in Staffordshire.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police operation to prevent raves in Staffordshire continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/police-operation-to-prevent-raves-in-staffordshire-continues2/
publish:
  date: 12:38 17/07/2020
title: Police operation to prevent raves in Staffordshire continues | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/police-operation-to-prevent-raves-in-staffordshire-continues2/
```

A senior police officer has called on the public to share information about illegal raves as an operation to stop them continues in Staffordshire.

Chief Superintendent Carl Ratcliffe, Head of Contact and Response at Staffordshire Police, is leading the operation.

He has released images of a site near Lichfield which was left in a dreadful state with rubbish and drugs paraphernalia discarded.

"It was left in a disgusting state. It has cost a lot of time and money to clean up this site," he said.

"I'm appealing for people to share any information they have as we're continuing to work hard to stop these events taking place."

On June 20 officers made 13 arrests in connection with a planned rave near Chasewater and five more arrests were made in relation to a planned rave near Rugeley on June 27.

Those arrested have been bailed with conditions while enquiries continue.

On the weekend of June 13 a rave was stopped near Lichfield where 1,000 people had attended.

"Although there has been less activity in recent days we are not complacent. I'm urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to stop and think about the consequences," Chief Supt Ratcliffe said.

"I understand that lockdown is being eased but these unlawful gatherings cannot take place. We have a continuing, dedicated policing operation in place, with a much higher police presence in potential hot spot areas."

"Don't attend these events as they are illegal and unsafe. We will intervene in incidents and seek to prosecute anyone who has taken part in any illegal activity - whether that be drug supply or public disorder and any violence."

"If you have any intelligence or hear about an event taking place, please get in touch with us so we can prevent it and ultimately save lives. The key to stopping these events is early intelligence."

If you suspect a rave/illegal gathering is being set up or there is suspicious activity, contact Staffordshire Police via Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The information available using @what3words or @ordnancesurvey will help officers to pinpoint the location.
