```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Nine arrests have been made as officers from Staffordshire Police and Merseyside Police worked together in an operation set up to tackle organised crime.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made by Merseyside/Staffordshire Police in operation targeting organised crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/arrests-made-by-merseysidestaffordshire-police-in-operation-targeting-organised-crime/
publish:
  date: 17:05 16/01/2020
title: Arrests made by Merseyside/Staffordshire Police in operation targeting organised crime | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/arrests-made-by-merseysidestaffordshire-police-in-operation-targeting-organised-crime/
```

Nine arrests have been made as officers from Staffordshire Police and Merseyside Police worked together in an operation set up to tackle organised crime.

Officers from Merseyside Police entered a number of addresses in the areas of the city and officers from Staffordshire Police's Disruption Team North entered properties in North Staffordshire today (Jan 16) to execute a number of drugs warrants.

Nine arrests were made on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs - six in Staffordshire and three in Merseyside.

From Staffordshire, these include a 24-year-old man, of no fixed abode, a 35-year-old man, a 23-year-old woman and a 27-year-old old man all from Newcastle and a 34-year-old woman and 42-year-old man both from Stoke-on-Trent.

From Merseyside, these include a 29-year-old man, a 28-year-old man and a 49-year-old woman, all from Liverpool.

They remain in custody at this time.

The forces have been collaborating as part of an operation designed to tackle a Merseyside organised crime group (OCG) believed to be operating in north Staffordshire.

Detective Inspector Tim Boulton, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We welcome this close working relationship with our colleagues from Merseyside Police as criminals do not recognise borders.

"We are working hard to tackle drug dealing in our communities and this effective joint approach is already delivering results."

Detective Inspector Ally Woods, of Merseyside Police, said: "Whether criminals are operating in Merseyside, or trying to ply their wares in other areas of the country or abroad, we will work with police colleagues and relevant authorities around the UK to identify their criminality and bring offenders to justice.

"Our pursuit of those people who sell illicit drugs and exploit vulnerable people knows no boundaries, and we will use very resource at our disposal to protect the public."

Anyone with information about drug dealing is urged to call 101 or alternatively report anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 55511.
