```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A recruitment push for new police officers in Staffordshire will start today (2 Dec).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police recruitment drive for new officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/police-recruitment-drive-for-new-officers/
publish:
  date: 11:37 02/12/2019
title: Police recruitment drive for new officers | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/police-recruitment-drive-for-new-officers/
```

A recruitment push for new police officers in Staffordshire will start today (2 Dec).

The campaign, 'A job like no other', encourages people to apply for a new police officer programme which will run through 2020. New recruits will complete on the job training, whilst also studying for a professional qualification in a partnership with Staffordshire University.

The force is keen to encourage applications from people who have never considered a career in policing before, but want a varied and challenging role.

Justine Kenny, the force's Director of People and Resources, said: "We really want to see a diverse and wide range of applicants for these critical roles in our community. We'd encourage those who haven't considered a career in policing to find out more about the job.

"Our officers play a vital role in ensuring that the communities of Staffordshire are kept safe. Few jobs can be more rewarding than that of a police officer, from day one you'll be making a difference."

Successful recruits will join Staffordshire Police as an officer through one of two new entry routes and Staffordshire University will deliver the course and qualifications.

Professor Ieuan Ellis, Pro-Vice Chancellor of Place and Engagement at Staffordshire University, said: "As a civic university and a leading provider of flexible and digitally-enabled learning, we are dedicated to serving the needs of our region and improving quality of life locally, regionally and nationally.

"We are delighted to be educating and training the region's future workforce to meet the changing needs of 21st century policing. The police constable degree apprenticeship (PCDA) offers a fully-funded route to gain a Staffordshire University degree combined with on-the-job experience to enter a career in policing.

"We have an established track-record of delivering successful policing and forensic science degrees and are highly experienced in preparing students for successful careers with the police. Our Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship gives flexibility to balance the demands of front-line policing alongside the challenges of undertaking degree level study."

The Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship offers a three-year apprenticeship programme with both on and off-the-job learning, leading to a degree in Professional Policing Practice.

The Degree Holder Entry Programme is aimed at existing degree holders of any subject area and offers a two-year practice-based programme after which individuals receive a level six graduate diploma in Professional Policing Practice.

For more information and to apply, visit https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/police-forces/staffordshire-police/areas/staffordshire-police/campaigns/2019/job-like-no-other/
