```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses and information after two leisure centres were the subject of late night break-ins in South Staffordshire."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after leisure centres targeted in South Staffordshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-after-leisure-centres-targeted-in-south-staffordshire/
publish:
  date: 14:27 04/11/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after leisure centres targeted in South Staffordshire | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-after-leisure-centres-targeted-in-south-staffordshire/
```

We're appealing for witnesses and information after two leisure centres were the subject of late night break-ins in South Staffordshire.

Thirteen spin bikes - valued at around £2,000 each - were stolen from the Wombourne Leisure Centre between 11pm on Saturday 24 and the early hours of Sunday 25 October.

The offenders, in this instance, used white vans displaying false plates and were spotted on CCTV.

A further two spin bikes - valued at around £1,500 each - were taken from Codsall Leisure Centre at a similar time this past weekend - on Saturday 31 October and Sunday 1 November.

The offenders, in this instance, forced their way into the building's reception area before taking the equipment. A light-coloured van was sighted leaving the area shortly after.

Enquiries - including the assessment of local CCTV - are underway into both incidents.

Sergeant Kelly Wareing, of the force South Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We're really concerned by these two incidents and want to ask anyone with any information to get in touch.

"These offenders have stolen thousands of pounds worth of equipment from secure buildings and we want to remind other business owners to ensure they have the necessary security in place ahead of gyms and leisure centres closing as part of new Covid regulations.

"We also ask that people get in touch if they see any suspicious sales of spin bikes online as they could be those that were taken."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident numbers 235 of 25 October or 102 of 31 October, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
