```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: The latest cohort of student officers have joined Staffordshire Police today (30 March) to begin their Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA).
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Almost 50 new officers start their policing journey with Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/almost-50-new-officers-start-their-policing-journey-with-staffordshire-police/
publish:
  date: 16:09 30/03/2020
title: Almost 50 new officers start their policing journey with Staffordshire Police | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/almost-50-new-officers-start-their-policing-journey-with-staffordshire-police/
```

The latest cohort of student officers have joined Staffordshire Police today (30 March) to begin their Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA).

A total of 48 student officers have begun their three-year apprenticeship programme with both on and off-the-job learning, leading to a degree in Professional Policing Practice.

Entry into the police service is changing nationally with training for officers being developed with the demands of modern day policing in mind. Policing now follows a similar pattern to nursing and other public service careers, where new recruits will learn on the job as an apprentice. Students split their time between practical learning and study as they work towards a degree in professional policing practice which will develop the next generation of police officers.

Staffordshire Police is part of the innovative and strategic six year partnership with Warwickshire Police, West Mercia Police, West Midlands Police and Staffordshire University, who deliver the course and qualifications for the four forces. In Staffordshire, the degree will be funded by Staffordshire Police via the national apprenticeship levy. This allows student officers to earn a degree 'on the job', with a starting salary of £21,000 which avoids building up any tuition fee debt.

Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker said: "Even in this unprecedented time due to Covid-19, we are still continuing to recruit and utilise as many officers as possible to keep the communities of Staffordshire as safe as possible.

"Welcoming 48 new officers is just the beginning and I'd encourage more people to think about joining us. A career in policing is diverse, demanding, rewarding and can really make a difference to people's lives.

"The PCDA route into policing is designed to equip officers with the skills they need to tackle these issues, including a strong focus on prevention, early intervention and problem solving skills, and serve communities to the best of their abilities."

Additional officers will be recruited into Staffordshire Police in 2020/21, as part of the national Uplift programme.

For more information and to apply, visit: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/police-forces/staffordshire-police/areas/staffordshire-police/campaigns/2019/job-like-no-other/.
