```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Staffordshire Police is calling for people across Stoke-on-Trent to do their bit to help protect the NHS and save lives as we all come to terms with the government\u2019s new lockdown measures to stop the spread of covid-19."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Call to action to help stop spread of covid-19 in Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/call-to-action-to-help-stop-spread-of-covid-19-in-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 11:25 07/01/2021
title: Call to action to help stop spread of covid-19 in Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/call-to-action-to-help-stop-spread-of-covid-19-in-stoke-on-trent/
```

Staffordshire Police is calling for people across Stoke-on-Trent to do their bit to help protect the NHS and save lives as we all come to terms with the government's new lockdown measures to stop the spread of covid-19.

Latest figures from Stoke-on-Trent City Council show the city has a seven-day rate of 373.3 coronavirus cases per 100,000 people from 27 December to 2 January, a 54.1 per cent increase in cases on the previous week.

While the majority of people in Stoke-on-Trent continue to follow the rules, since the start of December, the force has received hundreds of reports of Covid breaches and has been enforcing the regulations, issuing fixed penalty notices (FPNs) to those individuals who are breaching the rules. In Stoke-on-Trent this includes:

 * A man who had travelled from Scotland to stay with three other men along with the resident at a Stoke-on-Trent property
 * A gathering of more than five people at a repeat offender's address where the home-owner said they believed they were exempt from the Christmas rules
 * A house party where those attending were abusive to officers
 * A group of three people from different households in Manchester travelling to Stoke-on-Trent because they were "bored"
 * People from three separate households in Norwich travelling to Stoke-on-Trent to enter an abandoned building
 * A 21st birthday party involving seven people from different addresses gathering indoors
 * A gathering of 10 people, including children, at an address where the homeowner said he believed the gathering was permitted as no one had coronavirus symptoms
 * New Year's Eve parties indoors involving a mix of people from different households.

Between 28 December and 3 January, the force issued a total of 42 FPNs within the Stoke North area and 29 within Stoke South.

As the Prime Minister announced on 4 January that the whole of England is now subject to a national lockdown, it is more important than ever that everyone take personal responsibility and do their upmost to save themselves and others from the virus.

Chief Inspector Mark Barlow, of Stoke North neighbourhood policing team (NPT), said: "The majority of people in Stoke-on-Trent have continuously stuck to the rules and will adhere to the latest national lockdown restrictions.

"We are incredibly grateful to them and the sacrifice they continue to make for the wellbeing of themselves and others.

"However, the rate of infection in the area remains high and to those minority of people who think that the rules do not apply to them, they are putting everyone at risk.

"Only by everyone sticking to the rules will we be able to beat this virus.

"So I would like to thank the communities in Stoke-on-Trent for their efforts as well as encourage everyone to stay at home, save lives and protect the NHS."

Leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council, Abi Brown, said: "We know that the vast majority of people are following all of the health guidance.

"Non-essential retail shops are closed, people are wearing their face coverings and there are far fewer cars on the road.

"Our public protection teams are supporting businesses with the latest lockdown requirements.

"It is a great credit to everyone who is acting so responsibly at this time.

"It is vitally important that we all continue to follow the hands, face and space guidelines and adhere to all of the national rules.

"The rules are there to protect all of us, and people who breach them are putting themselves and others at risk of spreading this killer disease."

For more information on the latest lockdown measures, visit: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/national-lockdown-stay-at-home.
