```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Local authority leaders, fire and police chiefs across Staffordshire are appealing for people to stay at home this Easter and avoid travelling to the countryside.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'County leaders: Please stay at home this Easter and avoid travelling to the countryside'
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/county-leaders-please-stay-at-home-this-easter-and-avoid-travelling-to-the-countryside/
publish:
  date: 11:50 09/04/2020
title: 'County leaders: Please stay at home this Easter and avoid travelling to the countryside | Staffordshire Police'
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/county-leaders-please-stay-at-home-this-easter-and-avoid-travelling-to-the-countryside/
```

Local authority leaders, fire and police chiefs across Staffordshire are appealing for people to stay at home this Easter and avoid travelling to the countryside.

The renewed appeal comes from leaders from Staffordshire County Council, Staffordshire Police and Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service and reinforces the call for the public to avoid travelling to popular locations such as heathland and country parks.

Leaders are keen to reinforce that people do not travel to areas including Cannock Chase, the Roaches, Downs Banks and other beauty spots and popular areas to avoid congregating in groups.

Staffordshire County Council leader Philip Atkins said: "Staffordshire residents have on the whole been acting responsibly in keeping to the Government restrictions. We would like to thank them for responding so well and ask them to continue acting responsibly and not to travel to our country parks or beauty spots.

"We all understand this is a difficult time. However, these restrictions are vital to prevent the spread of coronavirus and protect their families, our communities and the NHS."

Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service Chief Fire Officer, Becci Bryant, said: "It's important people stay at home and stay safe. Firefighters are doing their bit to support the vulnerable across Staffordshire and we must all pull together to prevent the spread of Covid-19."

The Service is also urging landowners not to undertake unnecessary prescribed or controlled burns.

"We are also concerned that there is the potential for fires in parkland and countryside. The message is for people to stay at home or exercise locally but to stay 2 metres apart."

Staffordshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Simon Tweats said: "Please stay at home unless you have to go out. The majority of people have been great and understand why this is so important for us all to cooperate to protect our NHS and keep us all safe."

"However, we have made a number of arrests this week and a man who spat at officers was sentenced to six months in prison.

"We will deal with those who ignore the restrictions and don't want a small minority to risk further spread of COVID-19."
