```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A burglar who stole Christmas presents and went on a burgling spree in homes and businesses has been jailed for three years and nine months.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar who went on spree across Stoke-on-Trent jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/burglar-who-went-on-spree-across-stoke-on-trent-jailed/
publish:
  date: 13:23 18/06/2020
title: Burglar who went on spree across Stoke-on-Trent jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/burglar-who-went-on-spree-across-stoke-on-trent-jailed/
```

A burglar who stole Christmas presents and went on a burgling spree in homes and businesses has been jailed for three years and nine months.

Brian Simcock, 46, of Oversley Road, Fegg Hayes, Stoke-on-Trent, broke into three homes in Stoke-on-Trent, a Scout hut, a store unit and a tattoo shop between December 2018 and January 2019 but was caught out by detectives after leaving his DNA at every scene.

Simcock broke into a property on Carlton Avenue in Mill Hill on 7 December 2018 and stole a TV.

He struck again on 20 December 2018 at an address on Nicholas Avenue in Norton. Electronics, jewellery, a small amount of cash and Christmas presents were taken.

At some point between 1 December 2018 and 22 January 2019, Simcock broke into a storage unit at R J Harrisons in Bradeley. The padlock has been cut off the unit and mechanical goods were taken.

Just after the new year between 5 January and 7 January, Simcock targeted a Scout hut on Rainford Close in Packmoor - getting away with electronics and a climbing kit. Between 4 and 6 August 2019, he then stole a number of work tools from an address on Newtown in Newchapel before targeting a tattoo shop on Biddulph Road, Chell, between 25 October and 28 October 2019 and taking electronics and nearly 40 bottles of ink.

Simcock pleaded guilty to all six counts of burglary and was sentenced at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court on 12 June.

Detective Sergeant Andy Durber, from force CID, said: "We have a dedicated team set up in CID that focuses on reports of burglaries and we work to bring offenders to justice.

"Burglaries can be a distressing experience for families and leave businesses without money. Thankfully, Simcock's burglary spree was put to an end thanks to the work of detectives."
