```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A London man spotted swerving between lanes on the M6 Toll road had up to &#163;20,000 of cocaine stashed inside.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man spotted driving erratically on M6 Toll was carrying &#163;20k of cocaine
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/man-spotted-driving-erratically-on-m6-toll-was-carrying-20k-of-cocaine/
publish:
  date: 11:15 12/10/2020
title: Man spotted driving erratically on M6 Toll was carrying &#163;20k of cocaine | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/man-spotted-driving-erratically-on-m6-toll-was-carrying-20k-of-cocaine/
```

A London man spotted swerving between lanes on the M6 Toll road had up to £20,000 of cocaine stashed inside his vehicle.

Mahad Aden, 28, was jailed (9 October) for 33 months at Stafford Crown Court after pleading guilty to possessing cocaine with intent to supply, possessing criminal property and breach of bail.

The court heard that Aden, of Ingrave Street, Battersea, was driving along the M6 Toll south in his Range Rover towards Lichfield on 9 December last year when he was spotted by a police officer.

Aden was swerving between lanes one and two, but stopped on the hard shoulder.

The officer could smell cannabis and, when joined by a colleague, a roadside drugs test was carried out just before 11pm which resulted in a positive swipe.

A search of the vehicle uncovered a cannabis grinder from a black bag and a block of a 'hard, white substance' in a carrier bag in an internal compartment.

Around £1,900 in cash was seized from the driver's door compartment and an iphone.

Drugs testing confirmed the substance was around 248 grams of cocaine, with a value up to £19,800, depending on its intended distribution.

Aden was also driving the brand new Range Rover without insurance.

Investigative officer, Stephen Collins, of Staffordshire Police, said: "Aden was swerving around and this got the officer's attention. When stopped it was immediately clear he was under the influence of cannabis and this led to the discovery of the cocaine.

"We're working hard to disrupt drugs coming into the county and welcome any information the public can provide."

To report crime or drug dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
