```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information about three post boxes that have been stolen from county streets.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information over theft of three post boxes
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-for-information-over-theft-of-three-post-boxes/
publish:
  date: 15:38 12/11/2020
title: Appeal for information over theft of three post boxes | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-for-information-over-theft-of-three-post-boxes/
```

We are appealing for information about three post boxes that have been stolen from county streets.

The Royal Mail's Burton-upon-Trent delivery office reported one of their drivers had found two post boxes missing on their round.

The first was situated on the soft verge next to the phone box on Dunstall Lane, Hadley End, Yoxall. It appears to have been dug out of the ground and it is believed to have occurred between 1.15pm on Monday (10 November) and 2pm yesterday (11 November).

The second post box was situated on Woodmill, Woodlane, Yoxall. Again, it appears the post box was dug out of a grass verge, between 1.35pm on Monday (10 November) and 2pm yesterday (11 November).

A third post box was taken from Bancroft Lane in Nethertown, Rugeley, sometime between Monday evening (10 November) and 3pm yesterday (11 November). This one was a small, metal cubic post box and was taken off a metal pole.

PC Richard Lymer, of the East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "The sheer weight of the boxes alone can be over 1.5 tonnes, so they would need a fairly substantial piece of lifting equipment and also a vehicle to steal them. If anyone saw anything like this in the areas please get in touch."

A sign was also reported stolen from a property called The Oaks, on Upper Hoar Cross Road, Hadley End, which seems to have been stolen in similar circumstances.

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 292, 392 and 403 of November 11, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

The Dunstall Lane post box normally.

The missing Hadley Lane post box.

The Woodmill post box normally.

The missing Woodmill post box.
