```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A Staffordshire Police officer has been recognised by West Midlands Police (WMP) for the actions she took while off duty when a WMP officer was being assaulted.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Off duty officer recognised for helping a colleague in difficultyNew Page
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/september/off-duty-officer-recognised-for-helping-a-colleague-in-difficultynew-page/
publish:
  date: 17:39 27/09/2019
title: Off duty officer recognised for helping a colleague in difficultyNew Page | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/september/off-duty-officer-recognised-for-helping-a-colleague-in-difficultynew-page/
```

A Staffordshire Police officer has been recognised by West Midlands Police (WMP) for the actions she took while off duty when a WMP officer was being assaulted.

The incident took place on 15 June 2019 when PC Paige Attwood, who is a member of the East Staffordshire Local Policing Team, was at Hampstead train station in Birmingham. An off duty West Mids officer had intervened in an altercation and had asked the man involved to leave the train to prevent any further problems. Although the man had left the train calmly the train had been delayed for a further 15 minutes as he was resting his head up against the train which meant health and safety regulations we would not allow the train to move.

The off duty WMP officer went back outside to the male to try to ask him to move. Paige, from Heath Hayes, then saw the man punch the officer in the face. Immediately, she and another male off duty police officer on the train at the time, ran off the train to help their colleague. Between them they managed to get the man to the ground and restrain him until British Transport Police and WMP officers arrived to complete the arrest.

The case went to court in early September and the offender was found guilty of assault in his absence as he did not turn up to court.

Of her actions, Paige said: "I wasn't scared at the time. I felt that I needed to do something to help. My training just kicked in and helped me approach the situation professionally. I couldn't leave anyone, let alone a fellow police officer, to struggle with a violent man so I just went over and did what I could."

Paige was presented with her commendation, watched by her parents, at an event in Birmingham on 24 September.
