```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Prince&#39;s Trust Team make a difference in local community
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prince&#39;s Trust Team make a difference in local community
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/princes-trust-team-make-a-difference-in-local-community/
publish:
  date: 14:26 29/11/2019
title: Prince&#39;s Trust Team make a difference in local community | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/princes-trust-team-make-a-difference-in-local-community/
```

Young people taking part in the Prince's Trust Team 4 Programme have been working with the community to make a difference and raise money for good causes.

Team is an activity of Safer Communities CIC (Community Interest Company) which operates in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent. CIC works with partners: Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Ground Work West Midlands and Avison Young to help make the county's communities safer.

Over the 3 days the group, aged between 16 and 25-years-old, are at the Community Together CIC drop in cafe which helps people to be independent and connected with their local communities, through offering a range of activities such as befriending , seated exercise classes , volunteering opportunity's , Arts and craft, community cafe, dementia support and many more.

The Team will be collecting donations for more charitable projects including raising money to buy soup for a soup kitchen where they will be serving it the community users at the cafe they will be also volunteering at the Christmas panto before Christmas. The team have been volunteering to wrap presents, visit vulnerable people and even knit garments for members of the public.

The group have two weeks until the end of their project and will be spending it working in the community and taking part in random acts of kindness. They will be handing out gifts with personalised messages in the hopes of making someone's day brighter.

Team Program Leader Sharron Finch said: "It is fantastic to see this group of young people making a difference in their local community and developing their skills. Lee Bates and his colleagues from Community Together CIC have been so supportive throughout all of the programme.

"The purpose of this programme is to help young people get into work, education or apprenticeships where they can thrive. They learn teamwork, social skills, how to keep to a routine and work schedule and also just get a taste of what it's like to do good things for their community."

The next 12 week programme will start on January 27, 2020 and anyone interested can contact Sharron on 07967573524 _S.finch@staffordshirefire.gov.uk_
