```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man who was found with cocaine in his car in Burntwood was jailed for 30 months.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burntwood man who had cocaine in his car jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/burntwood-man-who-had-cocaine-in-his-car-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:36 11/11/2019
title: Burntwood man who had cocaine in his car jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/burntwood-man-who-had-cocaine-in-his-car-jailed/
```

A 29-year-old man who was found with cocaine in his car in Burntwood was jailed for 30 months.

Steven Simmonds, of Ironstone Road, Burntwood, was jailed at Stafford Crown Court after admitting being concerned in the supply of cocaine, possession of cocaine and cannabis, and possession with intent to supply cannabis.

Simmonds pleaded guilty to the offences which he committed whilst already serving a suspended sentence.

The court heard that officers were patrolling in Burntwood on 10 January 2018 when they spotted and stopped a black Clio being driven by Simmonds.

A search was made of the car and Simmonds was arrested when cannabis was found in the driver's door.

Following a more detailed search quantities of cannabis were seized from within the car, along with electronic scales, small plastic bags, and two mobile phones.

Simmonds produced a small bag containing white powder from his pocket. The cannabis was forensically tested and confirmed to be eight packages weighing a total of 7.46 grams.
The white powder was forensically tested and confirmed to be one package of cocaine weighing 272 mg. The total value of drugs seized were in the region of £110.

On Friday 13th April 2018 at 3pm Simmonds was witnessed dealing drugs in Burntwood and was stopped by police.

A search of his car and house recovered four individual snap seal bags of cannabis, £150 cash, cannabis and tobacco, 36 empty plastic snap seal bags of varying sizes and an iPhone.

Pc Stephen Windridge, of Lichfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Simmonds was handling and supplying controlled drugs around Burntwood. He conducted this behaviour for some time and he profited at the expense of others. The sentence handed out is a message to those who wish to involve themselves in this lifestyle. We do not tolerate drug dealing in Staffordshire and those who think they can profit from others' misery. We will work hard to bring offenders before the courts."

Simmonds was jailed on 23 September.
