```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: More than 100 traffic offences were reported as officers staged a five-day operation to improve safety among commercial vehicle drivers.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dozens of offences reported as officers hold road safety operation across Staffordshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/dozens-of-offences-reported-as-officers-hold-road-safety-operation-across-staffordshire/
publish:
  date: 12:23 23/03/2021
title: Dozens of offences reported as officers hold road safety operation across Staffordshire | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/dozens-of-offences-reported-as-officers-hold-road-safety-operation-across-staffordshire/
```

More than 100 traffic offences were reported as officers staged a five-day operation to improve safety among commercial vehicle drivers.

Staffordshire Police's Road Policing Unit set up in a different location in the county on each of the days, running checkpoints in Tamworth, the Moorlands, Lichfield, Uttoxeter, and Weston-under-Lizard.

And during last week's initiative - which was rolled out in support of the National Police Chiefs Council's (NPCC) week of action - a total of 181 vehicles were stopped and 110 traffic offence reports were given out for issues including insecure loads, vehicle defects, excess weights and vehicles having no insurance.

_**Pictured: Officers in the Staffordshire Moorlands**_

Sergeant Tony Mckenzie, who oversaw the operation, said: "This was about increasing safety on the county's roads and that's why we wanted to set up checkpoints in so many different places in Staffordshire. This was done to not only reflect the different types of commercial vehicles which pass through those areas but to show the communities a visible road policing presence."

Out of the 110 reports issued, 47 were for vehicles with insecure loads with the second highest number, 11, issued for carrying excess weight. Other offences included no MOT, illegal window tints, drivers using mobile phones, defective tyres, driving hours matters, no insurance, carrying dangerous goods, and other issues.

A total of four vehicles were seized while two individuals were arrested on suspicion of drug driving.

_**Pictured: One of the vehicle's inspected**_

Sergeant Mckenzie said: "We want to show the hauliers and commercial vehicle drivers who follow the law and maintain their fleet that we are here to target those who do not.

"We have received training in tacographs - which records information about driving time - so that we can see when motorists need to be taking a break which is for their own safety. That is what these operations are ultimately about - keeping drivers and the roads safe.

"By carrying out these stops it also gives our officers the opportunity to disrupt organised crime gangs using road haulage - for example to transport stolen vehicles. It also represents a chance to stop offences around trafficking."

_**Pictured: One of the vehicles inspected**_

The force teamed up with various partners and agencies during the five-day operation including DVSA, Highways England, West Mercia Police and different local authorities.

Sergeant Mckenzie added: "I would like to thank all the officers who were involved in the operation and I look forward to the next one."
