```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A recruitment drive is underway for staff to work at the force\u2019s busy custody facilities \u2013 in a role officers say is both varied and rewarding."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018This job opens up a world of opportunities\u2019 \u2013 could you be a Custody Detention Officer?"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/this-job-opens-up-a-world-of-opportunities--could-you-be-a-custody-detention-officer/
publish:
  date: 13:22 16/03/2021
title: "\u2018This job opens up a world of opportunities\u2019 \u2013 could you be a Custody Detention Officer? | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/this-job-opens-up-a-world-of-opportunities--could-you-be-a-custody-detention-officer/
```

A recruitment drive is underway for staff to work at the force's busy custody facilities - in a role officers say is both varied and rewarding.

Staffordshire Police is looking to take on a number of Custody Detention Officers (CDOs) who will work at the Stoke-on-Trent-based Northern Area Custody Facility (NACF) while a position is also available at the centre off Watling Street in Gailey.

And those interested in the position are being urged to sign up for an online familiarisation session on Monday, March 22 where they will have the chance to find out more about the role and ask officers any questions they have.

Temporary Chief Inspector Dave Barrow is head of custody at Staffordshire Police. He said: "Ultimately we want to hear from people who are resilient, compassionate and able to handle conflict.

"This is a demanding role but one that is varied and rewarding. Our CDOs are responsible for helping ensure the safe and secure detention of people at our custody facilities and as part of that they oversee the welfare of detainees through working closely with our partner agencies and health care provision.

"They also have a number of powers and carry out searches to recover prohibited items, take photographs of detainees and capture their fingerprints. They are also trained to complete drug testing and obtain consensual DNA.

"It is a role where no two shifts are the same and those successful applicants will be joining a committed team who are key in the criminal justice process along with providing the level of care our detainees should receive while in our custody."

There are nine vacancies in total with eight at NACF and one at Watling Street.

Rebecca Spillard is a CDO based at Northern Area and says good communication skills are a must. "I am presented with different challenges every shift and I find that I am learning new things every day," she said.

"Within the role you have to learn to adapt your communication skills to suit the situation you are faced with, whether that's talking to detained persons, officers, sergeants, inspectors or solicitors. It is very rare I have two days the same.

"I'm part of a close-knit team and I have superb benefits at Staffordshire Police. The force really supports my health and wellbeing too."

Fellow CDO Georgia Hughes, who is also based at Northern Area, says a key part of the role is to make detainees feel safe in what can prove a 'daunting' environment. She said: "Working as a CDO means that I look after the people in custody, take finger prints, searches and regular checks to make sure they are safe and well while they're with us.

_**Pictured: Georgia Hughes**_

"The best thing about my job is making someone feel comfortable and safe in an environment that is often quite daunting."

Meanwhile Sabah Iqbal, another CDO based at Northern Area, says the role equips staff with a number of skills they can use in their career. She said: "Working as a CDO has boosted my confidence and has taught me valuable skills. Skills that will be transferable in my career and personal life. This job is not only challenging and rewarding but can open up a world of opportunities."

_**Pictured: Sabah Iqbal**_

Alex Clayton-Tang was a custody detention officer with the force before becoming a student police officer. He said: "CDOs see people from all walks of life who have committed a range of crimes and I think working as a CDO really gives an insight into the role of a police officer."

A familiarisation event will take place on Monday, March 22 at 7pm. To register follow this link.

__For more information on the role and to applyclick here
