```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A Stafford man who broke a police officer\u2019s legs when he drove at her in an attempt to evade arrest has been jailed for 12 years."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who broke police officer&#39;s legs in getaway attempt jailed for 12 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/september/man-who-broke-police-officers-legs-in-getaway-attempt-jailed-for-12-years/
publish:
  date: 15:19 02/09/2019
title: Man who broke police officer&#39;s legs in getaway attempt jailed for 12 years | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/september/man-who-broke-police-officers-legs-in-getaway-attempt-jailed-for-12-years/
```

A Stafford man who broke a police officer's legs when he drove at her in an attempt to evade arrest has been jailed for 12 years.

Gurajdeep Malhi drove at PC Claire Bond as she attempted to arrest him in the Coton Fields area of Stafford on 23 September last year, breaking her left leg in two places and her right knee. She is still undergoing surgery and therapy.

The court heard PC Bond was trapped between the BMW and a garden fence as she tried to get Malhi to stop. She was dragged several metres and flung to the floor as the car sped away.

Malhi, aged 26, of Charnley Road, Stafford, pleaded guilty to wounding PC Bond with grievous bodily harm with intent to resist arrest at an earlier hearing on November 29.

He was sentenced to a total of 12 years 9 months today (2 Sept) \- with consecutive sentences of eight years three months for the wounding and four years six months for drugs offences.

The court heard that officers had been called following reports a BMW had crashed into garages at the rear of Corporation Street in Stafford.

A number of roads were closed due to the Stafford 10km running race taking place that morning and Malhi took off when challenged by PC Bond and her colleague PC Mullins.

Malhi drove at speeds of around 50 to 60mph over speed bumps and around bends through terraced streets.

He struck a white van and a car and drove over paths and gardens, narrowly missing an elderly man as he drove on the path.

The court was told that Malhi sped off again and hit Stop/Go signs dropped by race stewards as they jumped out of his way. He was blocked by a van and cars parked on both sides of the road in Blakiston Street. As he reversed in an attempt to get out, PC Bond told him to stop and tried to get at the ignition key. Malhi was heading in the direction of the 10k race and PC Bond and PC Mullins decided they had to prevent him reaching the runners.

PC Mullins tried to assist his colleague as Malhi swung out trapping PC Bond between fence and car, where she was dragged and thrown to the floor. Malhi then drove forward and again reversed at PC Bond, who was saved by PC Mullins who pulled her out of the way.

Malhi then sped off, zig-zagging up the road and striking four more cars. PC Mullins tended to PC Bond and called for an ambulance as Malhi then fled on foot.

Shortly after Malhi was spotted in nearby Oxford Gardens being picked up by a woman, later identified as Lucy Maria Bullmore, driving a Range Rover Evoque.

After another pursuit with the Ranger Rover across town the pair were stopped and arrested in the Highfields area.

Staffordshire Police Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan, said: "This case is a more extreme example and I am glad Malhi has been sentenced for his reckless and cowardly actions. The impact on Claire physically and emotionally is clear to see and I pay tribute today to her professionalism, courage and determination on the morning she was attacked and in her approach to returning to full health - both for her family and to allow her to return to the job that she loves.

"I look forward to seeing her back at work doing what she does best - serving the public of Staffordshire."

PC Bond has not been able to work since the incident, following surgery and physiotherapy. She suffered a left tibia and fibular fracture with threatened skin, a right knee wound and further bone/cartilage fracture. The surgeon at The Royal Stoke Hospital stated PC Bond was lucky to keep her left foot as it was so badly damaged.

She said: "The whole incident has left me not only physically scarred but also emotionally. My legs will never be the same again and I am currently unaware if I will be able to walk, run or ski correctly, let alone return to front line duties within the police force.

"I'm angry that he's put me in this position but more importantly I'm sad that the impact it has had on my whole family is huge, not only now but for my future also. I'm determined to return to work, but also to walk unaided, look after my family and be as I was prior to the incident, but whether that is my focus rather than a reality remains to be seen.

"This was a selfish act, by a selfish person, thinking of only themselves. I can only hope that lessons are learnt and this never happens to anyone ever again."

Malhi also pleaded guilty on 29 November to driving dangerously in and around Stafford, driving whilst disqualified in Corporation Street, Stafford, and driving without insurance and failing to stop. On 15 May he pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine.

Bullmore, aged 31, of Moreton Road, Stafford, pleaded guilty at the November hearing to driving a Range Rover Evoque dangerously in Stafford on the same day and failing to provide a specimen for breath analysis and failing to stop.

She was sentenced to two years.
