```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Stone are determined to continue their efforts to disrupt local drug supply and dealing in the town.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers determined to address local concerns over drug dealing in Stone
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/officers-determined-to-address-local-concerns-over-drug-dealing-in-stone/
publish:
  date: 08:08 10/02/2021
title: Officers determined to address local concerns over drug dealing in Stone | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/officers-determined-to-address-local-concerns-over-drug-dealing-in-stone/
```

Police officers in Stone are determined to continue their efforts to disrupt local drug supply and dealing in the town.

This follows enforcement action, in November 2020, where officers carried out a drugs' warrant at a property in the High Street and successfully recovered more than £7,000 cash and £600-worth of cocaine. Two men were also arrested.

Officers have been pro-active using stop and search powers too, with three men arrested across different incidents, for possession of class B drugs.

Chief Inspector Giles Parsons, the Neighbourhood Policing Commander for the Stone area, said: "We are listening to the community and hearing their concerns in relation to drug activity in Stone.

"We have taken positive action already, but we want to work with the community to significantly reduce drug dealing in the area.

"We already have information and intelligence around drugs in Stone, but in order to make the greatest impact, we need more information from the public."

There are several ways you can contact police in order to report suspicious activity or drug dealing.

"I am directly appealing to the public of Stone to supply us with information and intelligence to target drug dealers in the area," Chief Inspector Parsons added.

"We want to know what the locations of concern are, the times that drug-related activity is happening as well as the people and vehicles involved," he said.

"Added to the information and intelligence we already have, this will ensure we can continue to take positive action, to reduce the impact of drugs in Stone."

Anyone affected by drug-related activity should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively, call 999 in an emergency.
