```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police is reminding people how they can keep their keyless entry vehicles safe following a spate of recent incidences of both theft and attempted theft in Burton.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Updated advice issued on stopping keyless entry vehicle thieves after spate of Burton incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/updated-advice-issued-on-stopping-keyless-entry-vehicle-thieves-after-spate-of-burton-incidents/
publish:
  date: 15:53 23/03/2021
title: Updated advice issued on stopping keyless entry vehicle thieves after spate of Burton incidents | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/updated-advice-issued-on-stopping-keyless-entry-vehicle-thieves-after-spate-of-burton-incidents/
```

Staffordshire Police is reminding people how they can keep their keyless entry vehicles safe following a spate of recent incidences of both theft and attempted theft in Burton.

Ford ST models are particularly being targeted by thieves at the moment, with officers issuing the below advice to residents in the hope they won't also fall victim.

Footage is also being circulated showing a technique used by thieves in a recent theft attempt. In the footage, a person can be seen holding a bag up to the front door of a property trying to clone any keys in the vicinity so they can use their device to gain entry to the vehicle parked on the driveway.

Recent weeks have seen incidents in and around Stretton in the town. Focus STs were stolen from Barker Round Way on 9 March and Kingsway, in Branston, on 20 March. A Fiesta ST was taken from Tristram Grove on 11 March. While there was also an attempted theft on a Focus ST on Waterton Close on 19 March.

Patrols are being stepped up in the area surrounding the A38 in a bid to deter and catch thieves, while PCSOs in the area will be delivering leaflets to home owners containing safety and prevention advice.

Advice given to keyless entry vehicle owners to deter thieves includes:

 * **Consider purchasing a key security pouch (also known as a Faraday pouch) to keep your car entry devices in while inside the house. These block the ability of thieves to access the key signal.**
 * **Always check your car doors have locked after pressing your key fob.**
 * **Park in a garage if possible or another secure area where it 's difficult to get the car out if accessed.**
 * **Consider using a steering lock.**

Sergeant Helen Kirkland, of the East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We would like to reiterate the need for keyless entry car owners to ensure their vehicles are locked at all times when not in use and to consider using Faraday bags to hold their keys to prevent cloning, and maybe use steering locks on their vehicles.

"And of course, please report all suspicious activity you notice in your communities and places of work.

"You should always remember the Gone In 20 Seconds message - this is how quickly a thief can take your vehicle once they have got inside by any of the above methods."

If you are a victim of keyless vehicle theft, contact Staffordshire Police on Twitter or Facebook directly to report the incident. In an emergency, always dial 999.
