```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "The family of an elderly woman who sadly died in hospital after being subjected to a robbery in her own home have paid tribute to their \u201Cdearly loved mum and nana\u201D."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder inquiry launched following death of elderly woman in her home
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/murder-inquiry-launched-following-death-of-elderly-woman-in-her-home/
publish:
  date: 10:47 19/03/2020
title: Murder inquiry launched following death of elderly woman in her home | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/march/murder-inquiry-launched-following-death-of-elderly-woman-in-her-home/
```

The family of an elderly woman who sadly died in hospital after being subjected to a robbery in her own home have paid tribute to their "dearly loved mum and nanna".

Josephine Kaye, aged 88, was assaulted when she answered the door at her home in Harington Drive, Park Hall, on 27 February.

She was threatened with a screwdriver before thousands of pounds in cash was taken.

The death is now being treated as a murder inquiry and an investigation is underway.

The family have said: "On Tuesday, our dearly loved mum and nanna passed away in hospital following a violent attack on her while she was in her home.

"Our family are devastated by her loss, and we're still coming to terms with the circumstances of her sad and untimely death.

"We are working closely with Staffordshire Police and will continue to help and support their investigation in any way we can.

"Whilst we continue to come to terms with these tragic circumstances, we would be grateful if people could respect our privacy and allow us to grieve at this very sad time."

Detective Chief Inspector Dan Ison, from Staffordshire Police's Major and Organised Crime Department, said: "Our thoughts are with Mrs Kaye's family at this tragic time and an investigation is on-going.

"We've arrested three people but our enquiries are continuing and we'd ask anyone with information that may be able to assist to come forward as soon as possible."

A 27-year-old man from Leicestershire, initially arrested on suspicion of robbery and other offences, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

He has been remanded in custody in connection with offences in Essex.

A 52-year-old man and a 64-year-old woman, both from Stoke, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. They have both been bailed until next month.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting incident number 654 of 27 February, message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
