```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: New national restrictions to help stop the spread of coronavirus will come into effect in England from tomorrow, 00.01 Thursday 5 November.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement from Chief Constable Gareth Morgan on the new national coronavirus restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/statement-from-chief-constable-gareth-morgan-on-the-new-national-coronavirus-restrictions/
publish:
  date: 18:09 04/11/2020
title: Statement from Chief Constable Gareth Morgan on the new national coronavirus restrictions | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/statement-from-chief-constable-gareth-morgan-on-the-new-national-coronavirus-restrictions/
```

**New national restrictions to help stop the spread of coronavirus will come into effect in England from tomorrow, 00.01 Thursday 5 November.**

**These restrictions mean you must:**

 1. **Stay at home, except for specific purposes.**
 2. **Avoid meeting people you do not live with, except for specific purposes.**
 3. **Close certain businesses and venues.**

Staffordshire Police Chief Constable, Gareth Morgan, said: "As a police force, we recognise that the last nine months have been very challenging for people and will continue to be so, as we face these latest restrictions.

"We know the majority of people in Staffordshire have done their best to follow the regulations in order to reduce the spread of Covid-19, for which we sincerely thank you all.

"But in Staffordshire the virus is spreading rapidly and in particular hospital admissions are increasingly dramatically which is putting huge pressure on healthcare services.

"So our priority must now be to work together to control the spread of the virus across the region and help prevent local healthcare services being overwhelmed.

"All of us need to focus, adjust and adapt to do the best we can in the circumstances including taking personal responsibility to ensure we follow the rules on social distancing, personal hygiene and the use of face coverings.

"It is critical that the people of Staffordshire closely comply with the revised measures to ensure the safety and well-being of our friends and family.

"To the minority who sadly do not accept the rules and mistakenly believe they do not apply to them, be prepared to face higher levels of enforcement.

"We will be stepping up patrols, using robust enforcement consistently and working closely with partners to ensure a high level of adherence to these new restrictions to control the virus.

"Thank you again to the vast majority of people who are working hard and making sacrifices to play their part in bringing the virus under control so we can return to a more normal way of life."
