```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A Stoke-on-Trent man who drove his moped with a cocktail of drugs in his system and made off from police officers has been jailed.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stoke-on-Trent man jailed for string of driving offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/stoke-on-trent-man-jailed-for-string-of-driving-offences/
publish:
  date: 16:47 10/07/2020
title: Stoke-on-Trent man jailed for string of driving offences | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/stoke-on-trent-man-jailed-for-string-of-driving-offences/
```

A Stoke-on-Trent man who drove his moped with a cocktail of drugs in his system and made off from police officers has been jailed.

Michael Minor, aged 39, was jailed for 10 months after Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court heard he had driven dangerously and at excessive speed in Bentilee, Stoke-on-Trent, during the afternoon of Thursday 21 November 2019.

Minor, who was driving a white moped, was seen by officers from the Staffordshire Police Road Policing Unit at around 12.55pm. They were deployed on bikes as part of a pre-planned operation and asked Minor to pull over but he failed to stop.

He made off at speed, travelling through the housing estate and well exceeding the 30mph speed limit. Eventually Minor turned on to the pavement and as he tried to negotiate the barriers into a children's play area, he fell from his moped.

Following a short foot chase Minor was detained and arrested by officers. He had no licence or insurance and tested positive at the roadside for both cannabis and cocaine.

Minor, of Newhouse Road, Stoke-on-Trent, was sentenced on Wednesday (8 July) to a total of 10 months in jail and disqualified from driving for three years, with an extended re-test to be taken.

He pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving not in accordance with a licence, three counts of driving a motor vehicle above specified drug limit and having no insurance.

Chief Superintendent Elliott Sharrard-Williams, said: "It was clear that Minor was willing to take high risks to avoid being stopped and I am pleased that the actions taken by officers prevented serious injury or worse to passing members of the public.

"There has been a historical issue with off road bikes and mopeds being ridden in a dangerous and anti-social manner in Bentilee, and we continue to listen to the concerns of local residents.

"Officers have been running regular road policing operations in the area as part of Operation Lightning, which aims to reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries on the roads of Staffordshire and disrupts and deters criminals from using the road network.

"We will continue to use our resources to take action, seize bikes and put offenders before the courts."
