```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information after fireworks and bricks were thrown at emergency service vehicles reporting to an incident in Stoke-on-Trent last night.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after fireworks and bricks thrown at emergency service vehicles
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-after-fireworks-and-bricks-thrown-at-emergency-service-vehicles/
publish:
  date: 12:36 06/11/2020
title: Appeal after fireworks and bricks thrown at emergency service vehicles | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/appeal-after-fireworks-and-bricks-thrown-at-emergency-service-vehicles/
```

Officers are appealing for information after fireworks and bricks were thrown at emergency service vehicles reporting to an incident in Stoke-on-Trent last night.

Officers attended Havelock Place, Shelton, shortly before 8pm on Thursday 5 November following reports a small bonfire had been started by a group of youths - with further reports of disturbances in neighbouring streets.

Attending patrol cars and vehicles from Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service were then targeted by the group throwing missiles. Thankfully, there are no reports of any injuries or damage.

Sergeant Chris Moss, from the Stoke South Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We are really disappointed by the actions of those involved last night and we are looking into finding them.

"This isn't the first time something like this has happened and we have made a concerted effort to minimise the risk of anti-social behaviour within our communities and it's a shame to see a few ruin it - taking away precious resources from helping those in need.

"We'd also like to ask families and local communities to work with us to help us, to help them and to know where their children are."

Deputy Chief Fire Officer from Staffordshire Fire and Rescue, Rob Barber, said: "It is completely unacceptable for our staff to be attacked on duty and I'm disgusted by the actions of some last night.

"These mindless attacks against those of us trying to keep people safe are completely uncalled for and we will work closely with Staffordshire Police to ensure those involved are found and reprimanded.

"Our staff work tirelessly to keep Staffordshire safe and we thank the majority of the county for their continued support. However, actions like this from a few won't be tolerated."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 781 of 5 November, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
