```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers have dispersal orders in place following a spout of anti-social behaviour at beauty spots across the county.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal order in place at Cannock beauty spot
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/dispersal-order-in-place-at-cannock-beauty-spot/
publish:
  date: 19:24 31/05/2020
title: Dispersal order in place at Cannock beauty spot | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/dispersal-order-in-place-at-cannock-beauty-spot/
```

Officers have dispersal orders in place following a spate of anti-social behaviour at beauty spots across the county.

Staffordshire Police has put a dispersal order in place on Marquis Drive in Cannock following a number of reports of anti-social behaviour in the area.

A number of reports of large gatherings, off road bikes and uninsured vehicles have been received across the weekend.

The powers, under Anti-social behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, give officers the power to disperse anyone for the purpose of or reducing the likelihood of members of the public in the locality being harassed, alarmed, distressed or the occurrence of crime and disorder.

The order is in place until Tuesday. It applies to Penkridge Bank Road, Broadhurst Green, Bradbury Lane, Rugeley Road, Hednesford Road, Slitting Mill Road and Penkridge Bank back towards where it joins Broadhurst Green in Cannock.

The same order is also in place at The Marsh and the town centre in Newcastle-under-Lyme following a number of reports of anti-social behaviour including an incident where an officer was injured.

An officer suffered an injury to his wrist while making an arrest, after responding to a report of anti-social behaviour and public order at The Marsh in Newcastle-under-Lyme yesterday (30 May). One man was arrested in connection with the incident.

The orders are in place until Tuesday.

Officers will be in the areas and carrying out high visibility patrols. Anyone that fails to leave will be arrested.

Chief Inspector Clair Langley said: "We are in an unprecedented time and it's everyone's responsibility to follow the Government's guidance in order to save lives.

"Receiving these reports of anti-social behaviour is extremely disappointing in a time where we are all trying to keep safe.

"Anyone flouting the rules and making the most of the weather by drinking in popular beauty spots will be dealt with and these orders give us the power to arrest those responsible."
