```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Three men have been arrested as part of an on-going crackdown on county lines across Burton-on-Trent.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after morning raids in Burton-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/three-arrested-after-morning-raids-in-burton-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 13:48 06/08/2020
title: Three arrested after morning raids in Burton-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/three-arrested-after-morning-raids-in-burton-on-trent/
```

Three men have been arrested as part of an on-going crackdown on county lines across Burton-on-Trent.

Four addresses were raided in the early hours of this morning (6 August) by officers from the Neighbourhood Policing Team, Tactical Support Team, Dogs Support Unit on Hazel Crescent and Northumberland Road and two addresses on Horninglow Road. Mobile phones, drugs and scales were seized.

A total of 30 people have been arrested since the operation began at the end of June along with weapons, drugs and thousands of pounds in cash seized.

A 28-year-old man from Burton-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, a 36-year-old man from Burton-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and a 48-year-old man from Burton-on-Trent was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a class A drug. They all remain in custody at this time.

Sergeant Tony La Planche, from East Staffordshire's Neighbourhood Action Team, said: "The arrests this morning were part of our on-going commitment to disrupt the movement of drugs in and out of East Staffordshire.

"So far we've seized weapons, drugs and thousands of pounds in cash and will continue to bring those who deal drugs and blight our communities to justice.

"The operation continues and I would ask that any information that members of the public may have should speak to our officers to help us to help you."

To report crime or drug dealing in your community, contact Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter or call 101. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously 0800 555 111.
