```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "An increase in officers, crackdowns on anti-social behaviour and new technology for catching criminals are among the benefits and initiatives driving down crime on Staffordshire\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Increase in investment in roads policing is driving down crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/increase-in-investment-in-roads-policing-is-driving-down-crime/
publish:
  date: 13:07 16/07/2020
title: Increase in investment in roads policing is driving down crime | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/increase-in-investment-in-roads-policing-is-driving-down-crime/
```

An increase in officers, crackdowns on anti-social behaviour and new technology for catching criminals are among the benefits and initiatives driving down crime on Staffordshire's roads.

We set up our dedicated roads policing unit (RPU) last year and the team will increase by a third to 30 officers thanks to additional officers which have been recruited as part of the national Uplift programme.

The team has been working closely with investigators to disrupt organised crime and County Lines drugs activity and it has led to a number of arrests.

A total of six bikes were seized and five people were arrested following a crackdown on off-road bikers in Stoke in a day-long operation last month.

A report, released today (July 16) by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS), made it clear roads policing has a critical role to play in not only reducing casualties and improving driving standards but also in targeting serious organised crime.

The report highlighted the success of Staffordshire Police's collaboration with West Midlands Police in the Central Motorways Policing Group.

The Force has invested in drones and specialist training, such as pursuit capability, to crack down on anti-social behaviour and deal with those driving at excessive speed.

Further investment from the Commissioner has been delivered in the form of improving the Force's fleet of vehicles and renewing 39 of our automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) cameras with the latest technology. This allows analysts to produce intelligence assessments and produce intelligence assessments to target activity. In addition, Staffordshire Police works closely with partners to carry out operations targeting the 'fatal four' offences (speed, drink and drugs, seatbelts and mobile phone).

Chief Supt Elliott Sharrard-Williams, of Staffordshire Police, said: "Our investment in proactive roads policing activity is an important part of our work to keep local communities safe.

We've seized dozens of off-road bikes and cars and made many significant arrests as part of the ongoing Operation Lightning - a focused approach, working with the proactive Disruptions team, to target and disrupt criminal activity and make Staffordshire's roads safer. This has led to weapons, drugs and cash being seized and it has played a key part in helping keep criminals off the county's roads."
