```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Six men have been jailed for their roles in a conspiracy to commit car key burglaries across the Midlands following an operation by Staffordshire Police.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six jailed for burglaries where high value cars were taken
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/six-jailed-for-burglaries-where-high-value-cars-were-taken/
publish:
  date: 15:31 13/11/2019
title: Six jailed for burglaries where high value cars were taken | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/six-jailed-for-burglaries-where-high-value-cars-were-taken/
```

Six men have been jailed for their roles in a conspiracy to commit car key burglaries across the Midlands following an operation by Staffordshire Police.

The men were jailed today (Nov 13) at Wolverhampton Crown Court for conspiracy to commit burglaries where high performance/high value cars were targeted between 28 October 2015 and 3 May 2017.

Judge Michael Challinor described the leader of the group, Sikandar Farooq, who was jailed for five years, as 'a callous and determined professional criminal.'

The court was told the investigation began on 16 April 2017 when a Mercedes was stolen from a driveway in Clarion Way, Cannock.

The stolen car was spotted early on the same day in Erdington, Birmingham, in what appeared to be an exchange involving four men.

The four men were identified as Sikandar Farooq, Alimaan Hussain (brother of Adnan Hussain), Nathan Somers and Gavin Hladkiy.

On 5 May 2017 search warrants were executed at Spring Lane, Erdington (home address of Alimaan and Adnan Hussain) and Fellbrook Close, Stetchford (home address of Sikandar Farooq).

Alimaan Hussain was arrested and items including a steering wheel and car keys from BMWs and Audis were found in a blue BMW M3 and a blue Nissan GTR parked on the driveway.

The court was told Aqeel Hussain, Dillon McCann, Gavin Hladkiy, Hareece Ali and Nathan Somers were believed to have carried out the burglaries where vehicle keys were targeted and stolen.

Alimaan Hussain, Adnan Hussain and Sikandar Farooq are believed to have received the vehicles and co-ordinated their disposal.

Sikandar Farooq, aged 36, of Fellbrook Close, Stechford, Birmingham, was found guilty of conspiracy to commit burglaries between 8 March 2015 and 5 May 2015; conspiracy to handle stolen goods between 17 October 2015 and 5 May 2017; and handling of a stolen Volkswagen Golf R on 27 July 2017.

He was sentenced to five years for conspiracy to burgle. He was also given concurrent sentences of five years for handling stolen goods and two years for handling stolen property.

Adnan Hussain, aged 28, of Spring Lane, Erdington, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit burglaries between 8 March 2015 and 5 May 2017.

He was sentenced to three years nine months.

Alimaan Hussain, aged 27, of Spring Lane, Erdington, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit burglaries between 8 March 2015 and 5 May 2017.

He was given a two year sentence, suspended for two years, 200 hours' unpaid work and a rehabilitation order.

Aqeel Hussain, aged 23, of Spring Lane, Erdington, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to a burglary and an attempted burglary at two houses in Springfield Avenue, Rugeley; and a burglary at Grange Lane, Sutton Coldfield, all on 4 April 2017.

He was sentenced to two years three months.

Nathan Somers, aged 25, of Tangmere Drive, Castle Vale, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to a burglary at Margaret Drive, Cannock and handling of a stolen Audi A7, both on 3 May 2017.

He was sentenced to three years for burglary with two years concurrent for handling.

Gavin Hladkiy, aged 36, of Wilmore Road, Perry Barr, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to handling of a stolen Mercedes A45 AMG on 16 April 2017.

He was sentenced to two years three months.

Detective Sergeant James Byrne, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This was a well-organised operation where this group of men were targeting high-end, performance cars across the Midlands.

"Our detectives have worked hard and shown great tenacity to piece together these men's activities since the investigation began in April 2017 through to these convictions and pleas and todays' sentencings at crown court."
