```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Staffordshire Police is urging local people who may be planning to visit some of the region\u2019s beauty spots over the weekend to be sensible and continue to adhere to the rules this weekend."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge local beauty spot visitors to be sensible and continue to adhere to the rules this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/police-urge-local-beauty-spot-visitors-to-be-sensible-and-continue-to-adhere-to-the-rules-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 09:54 01/04/2021
title: Police urge local beauty spot visitors to be sensible and continue to adhere to the rules this weekend | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/police-urge-local-beauty-spot-visitors-to-be-sensible-and-continue-to-adhere-to-the-rules-this-weekend/
```

Staffordshire Police is urging local people who may be planning to visit some of the region's beauty spots over the weekend to be sensible and continue to adhere to the rules this weekend.

It comes as officers have seen an increase in reports of anti-social behaviour in some of these areas as lockdown eased.

Police were called to Milford Common in Stafford at 4pm on Tuesday to reports of a gathering.

Officers attended and found a number of teenagers gathered in more than groups of six outdoors.

Police spoke to the teenagers and issued advice.

Around the same time, officers attended Essex Bridge near Great Haywood following reports of around 12 teenagers present holding a bbq.

Police attended and a 28-year-old woman from Burslem was reported for driving other than in accordance with a licence and without insurance.

Officers were called again at 8.40pm to Milford Common in Stafford following reports of a group of teenagers fighting. Police attended and moved individuals on.

Chief Inspector Giles Parsons, of Stafford Borough Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) said: "We know it is an exciting time for everyone as we experience the relaxing of the Stay at Home coronavirus restrictions.

"However, I would like to remind people that we are still in a pandemic and that current rules mean that only six people or two households can meet together outdoors.

"Officers will continue to engage, explain and encourage individuals to be mindful of their responsibilities but will not hesitate to issue fines where there has been a clear breach of the rules particularly as we approach the Easter Bank Holiday weekend."

People are also being asked to be responsible in and around Cannock Chase, including Marquis Drive, Castle Ring and Birches Valley.

Sergeant Mark Burslem, Deputy Commander of Cannock NPT, said: "We appreciate that the majority of people are doing their upmost to stick to the latest guidelines.

"But I would like to urge people to continue to adhere to social distancing measures, wear face coverings where necessary and wash hands regularly to help prevent the spread of covid-19.

"Police patrols will be taking place in key areas over the weekend and officers will take positive action if they encounter anti-social behaviour or other criminality likely to impact local residents and businesses."

For more information on the restrictions, visit: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/covid-19-coronavirus-restrictions-what-you-can-and-cannot-do.

To report a crime, contact Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
