```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers are warning bikers to stay away from nature reserves and beauty spots after a number of incidents across the county
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers warn off-road bikers: \u2018Don\u2019t ruin our beauty spots\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/officers-warn-off-road-bikers-dont-ruin-our-beauty-spots/
publish:
  date: 11:40 24/03/2021
title: "Officers warn off-road bikers: \u2018Don\u2019t ruin our beauty spots\u2019 | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/officers-warn-off-road-bikers-dont-ruin-our-beauty-spots/
```

Officers are warning bikers to stay away from nature reserves and beauty spots after a number of incidents across the county.

Staffordshire Police has been informed of land - some owned by Staffordshire Wildlife Trust - being damaged by off-road bikes, putting important habitats, which are crucial for wildlife, at risk.

Now officers have warned anyone caught they can face having their vehicles seized.

Inspector Mark Joynson, of the force's Rural and Wildlife Crime team, said: "The reserves and beauty spots where these incidents have taken place play host to unique habitats and scores of different wildlife. The rules are clear that off-road vehicles cannot be ridden in these areas due to the damage which they cause to the terrain.

"Our officers will be carrying out regular patrols to ensure these unique settings are enjoyed and not destroyed. Anyone caught using an off-road vehicle faces enforcement action which can include having their vehicle seized."

Both Staffordshire Police and Staffordshire Wildlife Trust are also asking people to follow the Government's Countryside Code, which can be accessed here.

Inspector Joynson added: "We are fortunate in Staffordshire to have a number of beauty spots. We remind all visitors to respect the rules."

Jeff Sim, Senior Conservation Manager for Staffordshire Wildlife Trust, said: "Motorcycling off-road on our nature reserves is never permitted, we encourage anyone witnessing the activity to contact Staffordshire Police."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
