```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a non-stop collision and disturbance in the Chesterton area are appealing for more information after they arrested four people and seized a vehicle.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal for witnesses following Newcastle disorder and collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/police-appeal-for-witnesses-following-newcastle-disorder-and-collision/
publish:
  date: 14:36 01/11/2020
title: Police appeal for witnesses following Newcastle disorder and collision | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/police-appeal-for-witnesses-following-newcastle-disorder-and-collision/
```

Detectives investigating a non-stop collision and disturbance in the Chesterton area are appealing for more information after they arrested four people and seized a vehicle.

Officers were called to two incidents in Chesterton at 11pm last night (31 October) - a disturbance involving clashes between groups of people carrying weapons on Palatine Drive and a non-stop collision on Loomer Road. Detectives are treating both incidents as connected.

The collision occurred between a man in his 20s and a white Seat, with the man now in hospital with serious injuries. The vehicle then fled the scene but was stopped by officers a short while later and the vehicle seized for evidential purposes.

A swift response from armed officers resulted in two men, aged 22 and 25, a woman aged 21 and a 16-year-old boy, all from Newcastle-under-Lyme, being arrested shortly after on suspicion of attempted murder. All four remain in custody for questioning at this time.

Chief Inspector David Wain from Staffordshire Police said: "We are appealing for any witnesses that can help to establish the circumstances of this incident. Four arrests have been made and a vehicle has been recovered, but we are asking for the public's help to gather further information.

"I would like to thank the local community for their cooperation and offer reassurance that there is no risk to the wider community.

"Anyone with information should contact us on social media or by the website quoting incident number 1031 of 31 October. Alternatively, for guaranteed anonymity, contact Crimestoppers."
