```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A 38-year-old woman has been banned from a busy part of a town centre after neighbourhood officers secured an order to tackle her anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police secure order against 38-year-old Stoke-on-Trent offender
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-secure-order-against-38-year-old-stoke-on-trent-offender/
publish:
  date: 08:26 16/12/2020
title: Police secure order against 38-year-old Stoke-on-Trent offender | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-secure-order-against-38-year-old-stoke-on-trent-offender/
```

A 38-year-old woman has been banned from a busy part of a town centre after neighbourhood officers secured an order to tackle her anti-social behaviour.

And if Yasmine Degg is found in Tunstall's Tower Square or seen begging anywhere in Stoke-on-Trent she will be arrested.

Magistrates granted a five-year-long Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) after Staffordshire Police outlined the issues being caused by Degg.

Now officers at Stoke-on-Trent North Neighbourhood Policing Team have issued a stark warning to troublemakers that more CBOs are being pursued to clamp down on their bad behaviour.

Degg, of no fixed abode, appeared at North Staffordshire Justice Centre on December 4 where she pleaded guilty to theft after previously stealing a CCTV camera. She was handed an 18-week prison term while following another hearing, magistrates issued the CBO.

The order, which became live on December 4, prohibits Degg from entering Tower Square in Tunstall; begging anywhere in Stoke-on-Trent, and engaging in any behavior which causes distress to anyone across Staffordshire. Breaching any element of the CBO is a criminal offence and can result in a prison term.

Sergeant Charlie Emmett, of Stoke North NPT, welcomed the CBO - and says officers will continue to target those who cause issues across the city. She said: "We have spent a lot of time trying to support this individual and have worked with different agencies in an effort to help her. But ultimately, she has not engaged with this support structure and has persisted in causing problems and acting in an anti-social way in the Tunstall area.

"Our officers are regularly visiting businesses in Tunstall to not only show our presence in the area but to find out what issues they are experiencing and what we can do. It is never acceptable for individuals to act in such a way that creates a negative environment for business owners and the wider public.

"If anyone does have any concerns we urge them to get in touch."

Sergeant Emmett says work is continuing to secure further CBOs against persistent troublemakers. She added: "We hope this sends out a clear message that we will not accept people behaving in an anti-social way in our towns and we will take action against them. While we work to support individuals, sometimes they simply do not want to engage with us and we will take enforcement.

"We would also ask the public to make us aware if anyone in receipt of such an order breaches it."

Chief Inspector Mark Barlow, commander of Stoke North NPT, welcomed the magistrates' decision. He said: "The message to individuals who persistently cause problems in our communities is simple - we will take action.

"We want our town centres to be great places to live, work, and generally enjoy - and anyone who acts in way that is contrary to this vision will be dealt with accordingly."
