```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man who was caught red-handed with drugs down his trousers during a policing operation has been jailed for three years.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man caught with drugs down trousers during Operation Disrupt jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/man-caught-with-drugs-down-trousers-during-operation-disrupt-jailed/
publish:
  date: 15:41 12/12/2019
title: Man caught with drugs down trousers during Operation Disrupt jailed | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/december/man-caught-with-drugs-down-trousers-during-operation-disrupt-jailed/
```

A man who was caught red-handed with drugs down his trousers during a policing operation has been jailed for three years.

Nomaan Suleman, of Mayer Street, Stoke-on-Trent, was stopped by officers in his silver Ford Fiesta on Kingswinford Place in Sneyd Green at around 11am on 18 July.

The 30-year-old attempted to run off from officers after his car was stopped but following a footchase, he was caught and found with a string bag containing two bags of cocaine, scales and deal bags in his waistband.

A further search of a lock-up rented by Suleman also found £655 in cash, equipment used in drug supply, cannabis and more cocaine.

Drug experts found that all of the drugs found, totalling to around 64 grams, had a street value of between £4,266 and £6,390.

The vehicle stop was part of Staffordshire Police's Operation Disrupt - a proactive policing operation that targets prolific offenders and tackles serious and violent crime and drugs.

The operation, which launched on 10 July, consists of highly visible hotspot policing, stop and search activity, intelligence-led arrests and targets both wanted offenders and those using the road network for criminality.

Suleman pleaded guilty to possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and was jailed at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court on 10 December.

Police Constable Andrew Emmett, from the Stoke North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "It's good to see another individual involved in drugs supply has been taken off the streets.

"Operation Disrupt is our on-going proactive policing operation and putting dealers like Suleman behind bars shows the importance of the operation.

"We will continue to bring offenders to justice."
