```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: People in Rugeley are being urged to make sure their vehicles are left safe and secure following a number of thefts of valuables in the area recently.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to lock cars after increase in valuables theft
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/residents-urged-to-lock-cars-after-increase-in-valuables-theft/
publish:
  date: 16:23 08/02/2021
title: Residents urged to lock cars after increase in valuables theft | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/residents-urged-to-lock-cars-after-increase-in-valuables-theft/
```

People in Rugeley are being urged to make sure their vehicles are left safe and secure following a number of thefts of valuables in the area recently.

Officers received reports of four incidents on Thursday 4 February.

The first was at 11.30am at an address on Blakeley Close in Rugeley where a bank card was stolen from a vehicle.

The second reported incident was at 3.45pm on Eaton Drive in Rugeley where a bank card was stolen between 10pm on Wednesday 3 February and 7am on Thursday 4 February.

Police were called again at 6.20pm on Thursday 4 February to Chadsfield Road in Rugeley following reports of a van being broken into.

The owner woke up to find his van door ajar and evidence of a search inside.

Police were then called at 6.35pm to Joseph Dixon Drive in Rugeley to reports of a car being broken into and a few coins taken from the central console of the vehicle.

Chief Inspector Becky Hyde, of Cannock Chase Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT), said: "I would urge everyone who owns a vehicle to make sure you do not leave valuables in them overnight and to make sure they are locked and secure at all times.

"This means manually or automatically locking the vehicle and using other tools like steering wheel locks where possible.

"Do not leave bank cards or details, money or other items of worth in the vehicle and ensure all CCTV cameras you own are working and on overnight.

"I would like to reassure the community in Rugeley that we are doing all we can to identify and apprehend offenders and we appreciate all your efforts to keep yourself, your vehicle and your home safe and secure."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, quoting incident 232 of 4 February.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 111 555 or call 999 in an emergency.
