```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have arrested a man in connection with a planned rave in Staffordshire this weekend.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives make arrest in connection with planned rave
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/detectives-make-arrest-in-connection-with-planned-rave/
publish:
  date: 16:05 24/07/2020
title: Detectives make arrest in connection with planned rave | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/detectives-make-arrest-in-connection-with-planned-rave/
```

Detectives have arrested a man in connection with a planned rave in Staffordshire this weekend.

The arrest of the 18-year-old from Rugeley was made yesterday (July 23) as an operation to crack down on illegal raves continues.

He was arrested on suspicion of conspiring to cause a public nuisance and has been given bail conditions.

Chief Superintendent Carl Ratcliffe, Head of Contact and Response at Staffordshire Police, is leading the county-wide operation.

Officers have already made 13 arrests in connection with a planned rave near Chasewater and five more arrests were made in relation to a planned rave near Rugeley, both last month.

On the weekend of June 13 a rave was stopped near Lichfield where 1,000 people had attended.

Chief Supt Ratcliffe said: "I understand that lockdown is being eased but these unlawful gatherings cannot take place. We have a continuing, dedicated policing operation in place, with a much higher police presence in potential hot spot areas."

"Don't attend these events as they are illegal and unsafe. We will intervene in incidents and seek to prosecute anyone who has taken part in any illegal activity - whether that be drug supply or public disorder and any violence."

"If you have any intelligence or hear about an event taking place, please get in touch with us so we can prevent it and ultimately save lives. The key to stopping these events is early intelligence."

If you suspect a rave/illegal gathering is being set up or there is suspicious activity, contact Staffordshire Police via Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The information available using @what3words or @ordnancesurvey will help officers to pinpoint the location.
