```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Three people involved in the kidnap of a man who was forced into a car outside a pub in Cannock and threatened at knifepoint have been jailed.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three jailed for kidnapping man and driving him around at knifepoint
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/three-jailed-for-kidnapping-man-and-driving-him-around-at-knifepoint/
publish:
  date: 14:55 11/10/2019
title: Three jailed for kidnapping man and driving him around at knifepoint | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/october/three-jailed-for-kidnapping-man-and-driving-him-around-at-knifepoint/
```

Three people involved in the kidnap of a man who was forced into a car outside a pub in Cannock and threatened at knifepoint have been jailed.

Stafford Crown Court heard that the victim, a man in his 20s, was driven around and held in headlocks and at knifepoint as money was demanded from him.

Cameron Halls, Marc Spittle and Alisha Dale were jailed for a total of 37 years yesterday (Oct 10).

The court was told that the victim, who was known to Marc Spittle, was chosen as he had recently come into some money. Spittle was anxious to pay off some debts.

The trio's victim was collected from a pub in Cannock town centre on New Year's Eve 2018 and, once inside the car, held by Halls and Spittle, while Dale drove.

The victim no longer had his money and was put in headlocks and threatened at knifepoint until it was decided to take him to a relative's house in an attempt to get the money.

People were threatened and assaulted at the address, again at knifepoint, before the three drove away with the victim. After failing to find money at a further address the victim was dropped off in Belt Road, near Cannock, where he entered the working men's club and told a woman, 'I've been kidnapped. They had a knife and they demanded lots of money.'

His ordeal lasted around two hours.

Halls, who the judge decided played the leading role, aged 33, of Sidney Avenue, Stafford, was found guilty of kidnap, conspiracy to rob and robbery and sentenced to 17 years.

Spittle, aged 34, of Greensome Lane, Stafford, pleaded guilty to kidnap and two counts of conspiracy to rob at an earlier hearing. He received a total sentence of 14 years.

Alisha Dale, aged 29, of Exeter Street, Stafford, was jailed for five years six months for kidnap and conspiracy to rob.

Detective Sergeant Ian Press, of Staffordshire Police, said: "This was a terrifying experience for the victim that lasted for several hours. He was held at knifepoint, in fear for his own life and those of family members.

"We're glad the three involved are now serving substantial sentences which reflect the seriousness of this disturbing crime."
