```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: As the latest national lockdown continues into February, police and community partners in Hednesford are continuing to do all they can to support residents and businesses during this challenging time.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing in Hednesford during national lockdown three
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/policing-in-hednesford-during-national-lockdown-three/
publish:
  date: 11:37 09/02/2021
title: Policing in Hednesford during national lockdown three | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/policing-in-hednesford-during-national-lockdown-three/
```

As the latest national lockdown continues into February, police and community partners in Hednesford are continuing to do all they can to support residents and businesses during this challenging time.

People across the town are continuing to stay local, only making essential journeys as well as maintaining social distancing and wearing face coverings where appropriate.

However, from the 18 to 24 January, officers issued 15 fixed penalty notices across Cannock Chase, including Hednesford, for regulation breaches.

These include a group of more than three people from different households who had met up to go shopping together, a man who was found walking his dog despite testing positive for the virus and being told to self-isolate and two men from different households in a car watching football on a mobile phone.

Another individual has been fined for putting staff and members of the public at risk by working in a takeaway when they should have been self-isolating.

Chief Inspector Becky Hyde, of Cannock Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT), said: "I would like to thank the communities of Cannock and Hednesford for continuing to do their very best to stick to the rules to protect themselves and others from this devastating disease.

"It is unfortunate that the message is still not getting through to some individuals who continue to bend and even break the rules despite the ongoing seriousness of the situation across the district.

"Officers are continuing to carry out patrols to engage, encourage and explain the rules to anyone we feel is pushing the boundaries and will enforce where necessary."

Councillor Christine Martin, Portfolio Leader for Health and Wellbeing at Cannock Chase Council, said: "We recognise the sacrifices that both people and businesses are having to make at this very difficult time, but the lockdown is designed to protect us all and keep our communities safe."

Councillor Alan Pearson, Portfolio Leader for Crime and Partnerships at Cannock Chase Council, said "We are continuing to work with partner agencies to ensure that we're supporting the residents and businesses across the district, during this unprecedented situation.

"The council will not hesitate to take enforcement action against irresponsible individuals or businesses where we find lockdown rules being ignored."

For more information on the national coronavirus lockdown rules, visit: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/national-lockdown-stay-at-home#summary-what-you-can-and-cannot-do-during-the-national-lockdown.

To report any concerns relating to covid-19, please message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter or call 101.
