```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: The man who died when he was involved in a road traffic collision on the A5 near Lichfield in the early hours of Saturday (16 November) has now been named.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family issue tribute to man who died on A5 near Lichfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/family-issue-tribute-to-man-who-died-on-a5-near-lichfield/
publish:
  date: 11:27 22/11/2019
title: Family issue tribute to man who died on A5 near Lichfield | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/family-issue-tribute-to-man-who-died-on-a5-near-lichfield/
```

The man who died when he was involved in a road traffic collision on the A5 near Lichfield in the early hours of Saturday (16 November) has now been named.

Ethan Samuel Williams, 25, of Cheslyn Hay, was pronounced dead at the scene of the collision which happened just after midnight on Saturday. Officers continue to investigate the circumstances around the incident.

Ethan's family released the following tribute to him:

Ethan was a happy go lucky soul. Nothing ever got him down and we have struggled to pick any occasion when he didn't have a massive smile on his face. He was a sportsman and a born leader who captained his rugby teams at Cheslyn Hay High School, Willenhall and Lichfield.

Ethan was an adventurer and since finishing University in 2015 travelled extensively through Thailand and Australia, making many lifelong friendships along the way. We struggled whilst he was away as we felt everyone else was enjoying his massive personality, we were so happy when he eventually came home to us.

We are so proud of how he could light up any room that he walked into, bringing people together, creating an open warm environment that people relaxed in.

Ethan was currently making big plans for his three-month-old nephew, Albie. He doted on him and any conversation that you had with him involved what he was going to do with Albie or for Albie. It will be heartbreaking that Albie will only have pictures of his fantastic Uncle, but we will make sure he never forgets him.

We have received hundreds of messages from around the globe, testaments to his charismatic, caring and thoughtful personality.

He has left a massive void that can never be filled, not only in our lives but everyone who has had the pleasure of meeting him. Quite simply - he was a legend.

Ethan's watch, a Tissot with a black leather strap, was not on his person at the time of the incident. As it holds great sentimental value, his family would like to recover it. Anyone with any information relating to the watch or the incident should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 1 of 16 November, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
