```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Couriers are being warned not to leave the engine running while away from their vans after a number of vehicles were taken while the driver was making a delivery.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge couriers to be vigilant and put the brakes on van thieves
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-urge-couriers-to-be-vigilant-and-put-the-brakes-on-van-thieves/
publish:
  date: 16:27 09/12/2020
title: Police urge couriers to be vigilant and put the brakes on van thieves | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/december/police-urge-couriers-to-be-vigilant-and-put-the-brakes-on-van-thieves/
```

Couriers are being warned not to leave the engine running while away from their vans after a number of vehicles were taken while the driver was making a delivery.

Staffordshire Police is currently investigating various incidents of such thefts, which took place in broad daylight, where offenders have targeted delivery vans.

And the force is continuing to give advice to courier firms in an effort to put the brakes on thieves and stop any more vans being taken as the festive season begins.

Between November 3 and December 3 there were six offences of vans being stolen with four taking place in South Staffordshire and two in Lichfield. All the incidents took place between 11am and 4pm.

Officers are calling for drivers to be vigilant and not leave their vans running while delivering as the force continues its investigations.

Sergeant Kelly Wareing, of South Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We are now in the build up to Christmas and there will be even more couriers out on our roads. We do not want them to fall victim to crime and ask they secure their vehicles when making a delivery.

"We are working to educate drivers and firms but also make it clear that it is an offence to leave a vehicle unattended while the engine is running.

"We also see incidents where vans are also being targeted for tools and we urge owners to make sure their vehicles are secure and where possible remove tools."

Further information on how to keep vehicles safe can be found on the force website.

Anyone with information on vehicle crime in the county should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, call 101, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
