```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Teams who captured drug dealers, a murderer, and a man who ran down a police officer in an attempt to get away are among the police staff and officers who received commendations at a Force awards evening.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers and staff commended at awards event
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/officers-and-staff-commended-at-awards-event/
publish:
  date: 15:29 15/11/2019
title: Officers and staff commended at awards event | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2019/november/officers-and-staff-commended-at-awards-event/
```

Teams who captured drug dealers, a murderer, and a man who ran down a police officer in an attempt to get away are among the police staff and officers who received commendations at a Force awards evening.

Detective Chief Superintendent Jav Oomer presented the awards at the Investigations Awards evening on November 12 at Staffordshire Police HQ, in Weston Road, Stafford.

Officers and staff were also commended for their work in leadership, gathering intelligence and dealing with sensitive investigations.

The team led by DCI Victoria Downing received Commander's Commendations for their roles in securing the conviction of Dana Abdullah for the murder of his wife.

Commander's Commendations were also awarded to those who brought the man who broke PC Claire Bond's legs in an attempt to getaway to justice. Gurajdeep Malhi was jailed for 12 years following the investigation by DI Giles Parsons's team.

Teams also received certificates of Commendation and Appreciation for securing jail sentences for a group of men from Wolverhampton involved in drug dealing and firearms offences, and a gang from Stoke-on-Trent who carried out a series of violent robberies. The group was jailed for a total of 60 years.

Police officers and staff who investigated cases including a kidnapping, multiple sex offences and an investigation where five organised crime groups were jailed for a total of 130 years were also commended.

Detective Chief Superintendent Jav Oomer, Head of Investigations, said: "I'm proud to be able to recognise the hard work, dedication and commitment of our police officers and staff.

"I'm delighted to be able to recognise the fantastic work being done by officers and staff, which makes a real difference to our communities in Staffordshire.

These have been serious and complex investigations and the length of the sentences reflect that."
