```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Staffordshire Police are running a series of events to share the work they are doing to engage with local communities and prevent rural and wildlife crime.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rural crime week of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/rural-crime-week-of-action/
publish:
  date: 14:40 04/05/2020
title: Rural crime week of action | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/may/rural-crime-week-of-action/
```

Officers from Staffordshire Police are running a series of events to share the work they are doing to engage with local communities and prevent rural and wildlife crime.

The week of action starts today (Monday 4 May) and Rural Crime Officers, supported by the Special Constabulary will be checking countryside locations for signs of criminal activity, and conducting intelligence-led patrols in areas where rural crimes such as livestock and machinery theft have taken place.

They will be working to tackle issues that matter most to rural communities including fly tipping, anti-social behaviour and the unlawful use of off-road bikes.

There will be liaison with partners throughout the week including Environmental Health and the National Farmers Union to share information and best practice.

An online surgery begins at 11am on Thursday 7 May where members of farming and rural communities will be able to ask questions and chat 'live' with specialist police officers about any issues or concerns they may have regarding crime in their area.

To join the chat please visit: https://app.sli.do/event/mvpsjnmt and to follow the activity taking place throughout each day please search #RuralCrime on social media.

Staffordshire Moorlands Neighbourhood Policing Team Chief Inspector, and lead for rural and wildlife crime in the north of the county, Mark Thorley, said: "The Rural Crime Week of Action is a great opportunity for the different partners involved in tackling rural crime to come together and prevent criminal activity by offering invaluable advice and support to our communities.

"The outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly affected all aspects of life and we understand the impact isolation can have, especially for those living in rural locations. We hope the extra activity and resources implemented this week will offer an opportunity to raise any concerns and provide visible reassurance."

Tamworth Neighbourhood Policing Team Chief Inspector, and lead for rural and wildlife crime in the south of the county, Ash Farrington, added:

"Targeting rural crime and keeping communities safe and reassured is the priority of our Rural and Wildlife Team. We have forty members of staff, drawn from many areas of our police force, who not only bring experience and skill but also a passion for tackling rural issues.

"We look forward to taking part in the online surgery on Thursday (7 May) and we would like to encourage as many people as possible to get in touch. By using a digital channel, it enables us to reach and engage with a wider audience; making it more convenient for people during this unprecedented time to ask questions and chat with officers."
