```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A senior police officer has warned people not to attend or organise raves as Staffordshire Police made further arrests in connection with an event planned for this weekend.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further arrests made as senior officer warns public not to attend or organise raves
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/further-arrests-made-as-senior-officer-warns-public-not-to-attend-or-organise-raves/
publish:
  date: 09:44 27/06/2020
title: Further arrests made as senior officer warns public not to attend or organise raves | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/further-arrests-made-as-senior-officer-warns-public-not-to-attend-or-organise-raves/
```

A senior police officer has warned people not to attend or organise raves as Staffordshire Police made further arrests in connection with an event planned for this weekend.

Chief Superintendent Carl Ratcliffe, of Staffordshire Police, said officers had made two more arrests as his team worked to prevent a planned gathering near Rugeley this weekend.

A 21-year-old man from Darlaston and a 24-year-old man from Rugeley have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to cause a public nuisance. The younger man has been released on conditional bail with a curfew imposed and the older man remains in custody for questioning.

Ch Supt Ratcliffe, Head of Contact and Response, said: "I'm urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to stop and think about the consequences.

"The force is aware that there are possible further illegal raves being organised in Staffordshire this weekend and beyond. There will be a dedicated policing operation in place, with a much higher police presence in potential hot spot areas."

He said coronavirus continued to be a major risk, but urged people not to attend the events as they were unlicensed and therefore unsafe.

"We will intervene in incidents and seek to prosecute anyone who has taken part in any illegal activity - whether that be drug supply or public disorder and any violence."

The continuing enforcement follows action taken to prevent a rave in Chasewater last weekend (June 20) where 13 arrests were made, and an illegal rave near to Lichfield the previous weekend where approximately 1,000 people turned up.

Those attending were dispersed by officers, with many more being challenged and turned way.

Ch Supt Ratcliffe added: "We want to warn young people of the significant risks posed by such events and keep our communities safe. To those thinking about attending or organising such events - you will face enforcement action and could receive a criminal record. Do not go to illegal raves and risk your lives."

Under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, officers can intervene in incidents and prosecute anyone who has taken part in any illegal activity - whether that be drug supply or public disorder and any violence.

"Finally, we're calling on the public to help us - if you have any intelligence or hear about an event taking place, please get in touch with us so we can prevent it and ultimately save lives. The key to stopping these events is early intelligence."

If you suspect a rave/illegal gathering is being set up or there is suspicious activity, contact Staffordshire Police via Facebook or Twitter, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. The information available using @what3words or @ordnancesurvey will help officers to pinpoint the location.
