```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the Central Motorway Police Group (CMPG), based in Doxey, near Stafford, have raised &#163;600 for charity \u2013 thanks to their love of a good snack."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers raise funds for three charities
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/officers-raise-funds-for-three-charities/
publish:
  date: 12:04 26/11/2020
title: Officers raise funds for three charities | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/november/officers-raise-funds-for-three-charities/
```

**Officers from the Central Motorway Police Group (CMPG), based in Doxey, near Stafford, have raised £600 for charity - thanks to their love of a good snack. **

The officers, who police the county's main arterial routes including the M6, decided to donate funds raised at the tuckshop they run to three charities close to their hearts - DocBike Staffordshire, Staffordshire Retired Police Dog Fund and The Joe Gilligan Trust.

Luke's Legacy - Docbike Staffordshire, a charity to help protect motorcyclists and their families from future tragedies, received £300\. The charity is dedicated to Luke Van De Sande, a Staffordshire Police officer, who sadly lost his life following a motorcycle collision in August 2019.

The Staffordshire Retired Police Dog Fund received £150\. The charity was established in 2013 to recognise the contribution made by police dogs and to help raise funds for their ongoing welfare.

The Joe Gilligan Trust, a charity which supports young adults with cancer, received £150\. Joe was a talented drummer working toward a career in music when he was diagnosed with a brain tumour aged 18. He sadly died in 2009 and the charity has raised over £250,000 to support other teenagers fighting cancer.

Sergeant Rob Gilligan, of CMPG, said: "As part of the DocBike crew we shall we buying materials in order to deliver our BikerDown road safety courses next year.

"The Joe Gilligan Trust has been able to make a substantial donation to one of our own CMPG West Midland Police colleagues who has a child family member currently fighting cancer.

"We all owe a huge debt of gratitude to our furry police dog colleagues so these donations really have made a genuine difference to a number charities very close to our policing family here at CMPG."
