```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Sixteen arrests have been made and weapons, drugs and thousands of pounds in cash seized as part of a police operation in Burton.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sixteen arrests made in ongoing police operation in Burton
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/sixteen-arrests-made-in-ongoing-police-operation-in-burton/
publish:
  date: 12:47 09/07/2020
title: Sixteen arrests made in ongoing police operation in Burton | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/sixteen-arrests-made-in-ongoing-police-operation-in-burton/
```

Sixteen arrests have been made and weapons, drugs and thousands of pounds in cash seized as part of a police operation in Burton.

Officers from East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team have made the arrests in Burton and Uttoxeter since June 25 as part of an ongoing operation to tackle drug dealing.

They have been supported by colleagues from the Force's Disruption team.

Officers have seized heroin, crack cocaine, cannabis, and three weapons including a crossbow and a knife. They have also seized almost £9,000.

Two men have been charged with drugs offences and remanded in custody.

Yesterday (July 8) two men, aged 19 and 23, from the Birmingham area, were arrested on suspicion of drug supply offences after being stopped in Stapenhill Road. They remain in custody.

The operation began on June 25 with five arrests in Uttoxeter and Burton. On June 30 three further arrests were made in Burton, with six further arrests in Burton between July 1 and 7.

Arrests have been made for possession with intent to supply crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis; as well as possession of drugs and assault.

Chief Inspector Clair Langley, area commander of East Staffordshire Neighbourhood Policing Team, said further arrests were planned.

"We're eager to build on the success of the first two weeks. We are determined to disrupt the movement of drugs into east Staffordshire and will continue to bring those who will deal drugs and spread misery in our communities before the courts."

"The operation continues and we welcome any information members of the public can provide to help us."

To report crime or drug dealing in your community please contact Staffordshire Police on 101 or via social media, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
