```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "A man from Stoke-on-Trent who subjected his victims to \u2018terrifying experiences\u2019 has been jailed for ten years."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man jailed after subjecting his victims to \u2018terrifying experiences\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/new-man-jailed-after-subjecting-his-victims-to-terrifying-experiencespage/
publish:
  date: 14:49 19/06/2020
title: "Man jailed after subjecting his victims to \u2018terrifying experiences\u2019 | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/new-man-jailed-after-subjecting-his-victims-to-terrifying-experiencespage/
```

A man from Stoke-on-Trent who subjected his victims to 'terrifying experiences' has been jailed for ten years.

Jason Leon Potts, 29, of John Smart Close, Basford, Stoke-on-Trent, was also given an extended license for five years after being sentenced yesterday (Thursday 18 June) at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.

Potts pleaded guilty to false imprisonment of a child, sexual assault of a woman, battery and two counts of committing an offence with intent to commit a sexual offence at a hearing last month.

At approximately 6pm on Friday 10 January, Potts grabbed an 11-year-old girl on Bethesda Street and pinned her down. A member of the public intervened and Potts fled. A short time later he sexually assaulted a woman who was waiting at a bus stop on Bethesda Street. A security guard approached and Potts ran off. He then punched a woman who was walking along Clough Street. Potts was arrested less than an hour later.

Detective Constable Sarah McQuade, of CID North, said: "I would like to commend the bravery of the victims throughout this investigation. I'd also like to thank the members of the public who came to the victims' aid that night.

"I would like to reassure anyone who has been through anything similar, we will investigate and prosecute those responsible."

Staffordshire Police takes all reports of sexual offences seriously and has a team of specially-trained detectives to support victims. Anyone who has concerns should contact 101. Victims will be treated with sensitivity, compassion and respect.
