```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A Leek man has been jailed for eight years with an extended license for four years after pleading guilty the attempted kidnap, sexual assault and assault of an 11-year-old girl.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Leek man jailed for attempted kidnap, sexual assault and assault of an 11-year-old girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/leek-main-jailed-for-attempted-kidnap-and-sexual-assault/
publish:
  date: 12:41 23/01/2020
title: Leek man jailed for attempted kidnap, sexual assault and assault of an 11-year-old girl | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/leek-main-jailed-for-attempted-kidnap-and-sexual-assault/
```

A Leek man has been jailed for eight years with an extended license for four years after pleading guilty the attempted kidnap, sexual assault and assault of an 11-year-old girl.

Jonathan Stuart Corfield, 39, of Tittesworth Estate, Blackshaw Moor, was sentenced today (Thursday 23 January) at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court to four years' imprisonment extended on license for four years. A Sexual Harm Prevention Order has been imposed on Corfield indefinitely. He will also be required to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Detectives from the force's Child Protection and Exploitation Team (CPET) began an investigation after an 11-year-old girl was sexually assaulted in Cheddleton last July. The victim was playing on a rope swing when Corfield pulled up in his car. He grabbed her and dragged her towards a bush. He sexually assaulted her but she managed to run away and tell her family what had happened.

Corfield was arrested after DNA evidence placed him at the scene. He pleaded guilty to common assault in August last year and to attempted kidnap and sexual assault in November.

Detective Constable Andrew Rushton, from CPET, said: "This was a disturbing incident and Corfield's actions were terrifying for the young victim. I would like to praise her as she has shown a huge amount of courage throughout the investigation and court process."

Detective Inspector Simon Caton, from CPET, who led the investigation, said: "I recognise this is every parents' nightmare but I want to reassure that incidents like this are incredibly rare.

"We hope the victim and her family can take some comfort from knowing he has now had to answer for his actions. We also hope the wider community will be reassured to see him convicted."
