```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-six new student officers joined Staffordshire Police
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thirty-six new student officers joined Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/thirty-six-new-student-officers-joined-staffordshire-police/
publish:
  date: 17:09 25/09/2020
title: Thirty-six new student officers joined Staffordshire Police | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/september/thirty-six-new-student-officers-joined-staffordshire-police/
```

Thirty-six new student officers have started with Staffordshire Police this week to begin their Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA).

The new recruits will get on-the-job training and education in the classroom through a three-year programme being delivered by the force and Staffordshire University. They will work towards a degree in professional policing practice.

After nine weeks of masterclasses and supported online learning, the new officers will join teams across the county to carry on their training and complete their apprenticeship. This includes rotations lasting eight weeks.

Last year, Staffordshire Police entered into an innovative and strategic six-year partnership in with Warwickshire Police, West Mercia Police, West Midlands Police and Staffordshire University, who will deliver the course and qualifications for the four forces. In Staffordshire, the degree will be funded by Staffordshire Police via the national apprenticeship levy. This allows student officers to earn a degree 'on the job', with a starting salary of £21,000 which avoids building up any tuition fee debt.

Ongoing assessment and reviews ensure officers continue to learn and make progress, with support being provided by a tutor at the university and their own personal police tutor whilst on deployments.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "We are pleased to welcome these 36 new recruits to the force, as part of our continued uplift programme.

"This new route into policing is designed to equip officers with the skills they need to tackle issues, such as prevention, early intervention and problem solving skills, and serve communities to the best of their abilities.

He added: "I personally welcomed the new group of apprentices to Staffordshire Police this week and was privileged to join them as they took their attestation and were sworn in as police officers. I look forward to seeing how they develop in the months and years to come to deliver the best outcomes for the public."

Lydia, aged 25 and one of the new apprentices, said she can't wait to get stuck in: "I'm excited to start my journey to becoming a police officer and to be constantly challenged and always learning. This was the perfect opportunity to gain a qualification and have a rewarding job where no two days are ever the same."
