```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Officers have made 146 arrests and seized drugs, weapons, cash, and thousands of pounds of suspected stolen property to date in a county wide policing operation.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 140 arrests made in fortnight as Staffordshire Police Disrupt criminality
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/more-than-140-arrests-made-in-fortnight-as-staffordshire-police-disrupt-criminality/
publish:
  date: 08:10 06/10/2020
title: More than 140 arrests made in fortnight as Staffordshire Police Disrupt criminality | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/october/more-than-140-arrests-made-in-fortnight-as-staffordshire-police-disrupt-criminality/
```

Officers have made 146 arrests and seized drugs, weapons, cash, and thousands of pounds of suspected stolen property to date in a county wide policing operation.

Operation Disrupt - a policing operation devised to disrupt criminal activity in Staffordshire - has just completed its second week.

In the second week officers have made 69 arrests, completed 60 stop/searches, and dealt with 59 driving offences and 20 suspected drugs offences.

Operation Disrupt began in Staffordshire on September 21 in the Staffordshire Moorlands and has since visited neighbourhood policing teams across the county.

Incidents have included the seizure of £1,400 in cash and half a kilo of cannabis in Uttoxeter, and half a kilo of cocaine from a vehicle stop on the M6 in north Staffordshire.

Eleven people were arrested in week two for failing to appear at court and 16 for suspected theft, with a further six for possessing offensive weapons.

Thirteen arrests have been made for driving while under the influence of drink or drugs.

Superintendent Tom Chisholm, Head of Neighbourhood Policing, said: "Operation Disrupt has completed its second week with some great results. We're cracking down on offending right across Staffordshire with all of our neighbourhood policing teams involved.

"We have made arrests burglary, carrying offensive weapons, possession of drugs, driving while under the influence and a number of individuals who failed to attend court.

"I'm particularly pleased we are using a range of tactics and using specialist teams, such as dogs and road policing, to make a positive difference to our communities."

In recent weeks the Force has also run Operation Lightning - tackling offending on the county's road network - which resulted in 191 arrests and 249 vehicles seized.

Twenty eight arrests were made and eight people safeguarded in a County Lines operation last month tackling drug 'lines' into Staffordshire.
