```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a father-to-be who died in Stoke-on-Trent last October.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager found guilty of manslaughter of man in Stoke-on-Trent
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/april-2021/dozens-caught-speeding-and-vehicles-seized-as-officers-hit-the-road-in-the-moorlands/teenager-found-guilty-of-manslaughter-of-man-in-stoke-on-trent/
publish:
  date: 16:04 01/04/2021
title: Teenager found guilty of manslaughter of man in Stoke-on-Trent | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/april-2021/dozens-caught-speeding-and-vehicles-seized-as-officers-hit-the-road-in-the-moorlands/teenager-found-guilty-of-manslaughter-of-man-in-stoke-on-trent/
```

A teenager has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a father-to-be who died in Stoke-on-Trent last October.

A 17-year-old boy, from Stoke-on-Trent, who cannot be named for legal reasons because he is under 18-years-old, was convicted of the manslaughter of Matthew (Matty) Dale by a jury at Stafford Crown Court today (Thursday 1 April).

The court heard that Matty Dale, 23, from Dresden, had gone out with his friend on the evening of Sunday 4 October. They had met up with the defendant and following a struggle Matty received a single stab wound to his back.

Officers attended the scene, outside Keswick House on Lightwood Road, Normacot, just after 12.20am on Monday 5 October. When they arrived, they found Matty lying on the pavement in a large pool of blood. He was unresponsive. The wound was catastrophic and, despite the best efforts of the police, the ambulance service and doctors from the Helicopter Emergency Medical Service, he died on the way to hospital.

The wound was 14cm deep and he had other injuries as well, including a head injury, which was likely to have been caused when he fell after receiving the stab wound.

A boy, then 16-years-old, was arrested in Stoke-on-Trent.

In a family statement, Matty's mum, Mandy Dale, said: "I have been robbed of a life with my son Matty and as a family we will never come to terms with our loss.

"Since this has happened he has become a father to a baby boy, Kayden. Matty will never have the opportunity to see his son. The baby will never meet his father. Matty was really excited about the baby coming. All he ever wanted to be was a dad.

"I would like to thank members of the community who came forward to help with the investigation."

The senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Alan Lyford, of the Major Investigations Department, said: "This was a tragic case and we'd like to offer our condolences to Matty's friends and family."
The 17-year-old will be sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on 24 May.

Anyone who has any concerns about a young person becoming involved in knife crime or carrying a knife, can report online via the Staffordshire Police website, through direct message on Facebook and Twitter, or by calling 101. In an emergency always call 999.

More information and advice is available here: www.staffordshire.police.uk/ditchtheblade

Parents or carers who are worried about a child can seek guidance and support from their local safeguarding team:
Stoke-on-Trent City Council's Safeguarding Referral Team can be contacted on 01782 235100, or out of hours 01782 234234
Those living in another area of Staffordshire, can contact Staffordshire County Council's First Response on 0800 1313 126, or out of hours 0345 6042 886.
