```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: During the day Suzanne Green is responsible for managing a number of complex cases being dealt with by Staffordshire Police. But when she is out of the office, Suzanne is the one identifying offenders and helping keep the public safe in her role as a Special Inspector.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Suzanne is now painting a picture of tackling crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/suzanne-is-now-painting-a-picture-of-tackling-crime/
publish:
  date: 13:23 05/03/2021
title: Suzanne is now painting a picture of tackling crime | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/suzanne-is-now-painting-a-picture-of-tackling-crime/
```

_**To celebrate International Women's Day on Monday, March 8, we have put the focus on a dedicated Special Inspector who balances volunteering with her full-time job at Staffordshire Police.** _

During the day Suzanne Green is responsible for managing a number of complex cases being dealt with by Staffordshire Police. But when she is out of the office, Suzanne is the one identifying offenders and helping keep the public safe in her role as a Special Inspector.

And Suzanne admits people are surprised by her determination to volunteer with the Specials despite a demanding job as a prosecution case worker with the force.

_**Pictured: Suzanne Green on duty**_

Prior to working for the police Suzanne had completed a degree in art and design which she subsequently recognised as something she could use to help people. She said: "After university I did some work for the Youth Offending Team and as part of that I helped with children at risk of exclusion and keeping young people engaged."

Her desire to help people saw Suzanne join the force in 2014 in the traffic and process office before three years later becoming a prosecution case worker. She said: "My role involves the comprehensive management of a case file and working with both crime and traffic cases.

"This includes managing complex cases such as arson, burglary, drugs offences, fraud, sexual offences and woundings. I also deal with serious and fatal road traffic collision cases. The nature of these cases are very complex and sensitive. I am responsible for updating victims and witnesses as their case progresses along with working closely with the Crown Prosecution Service."

The love of her full-time job inspired Suzanne to use her free time to volunteer and she joined the Special Constabulary in 2015 and hit the beat in January 2016 following the successful completion of her training.

Now Suzanne has risen through the ranks and is now a Special Inspector in Cannock. She said: "Some people do wonder how I manage both roles! But I just have a real buzz for it and I am really passionate about what I do.

_**Pictured: Suzanne Green **_

"Because of my full-time job I can see what is needed to pursue prosecutions and I am able to share my knowledge with regular officers and Specials.

"The best parts of being a Special are the variety of tasks you can undertake and the myriad of activities you can get involved with. I have never experienced a role like it!

"I love the experience and the people. I have built so many good working relationships with all ranks of officers from chief inspectors to constables - most of which have now become my good friends. In this role you face challenges that you wouldn't necessarily face in everyday life."

As a Special, Suzanne has worked with neighbourhood teams, response, dog handlers along with being involved in drug warrants and covert policing. She even featured on a fly-on-the-wall television documentary which prompted friends in Australia to get in touch after seeing her feature on the show.

_**Pictured: Suzanne Green during a speeding operation**_

Suzanne added: "I love combining my roles as a prosecution case worker and a Special. They complement each other as I enjoy seeing the lifecycle of a criminal case.

"My experience of combining both roles has increased my confidence and developed my skills in dealing effectively with all types of people. It allows me to get the best of both worlds. I am very proud to be a Special Inspector and proud to be part of the Staffordshire Police family."
