```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police arrest seven people in Newcastle Operation
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police arrest seven people in Newcastle Operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/police-arrest-seven-people-in-newcastle-operation/
publish:
  date: 15:55 24/01/2020
title: Police arrest seven people in Newcastle Operation | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/january/police-arrest-seven-people-in-newcastle-operation/
```

Police have been out in full force in Newcastle-under-Lyme this week having made seven arrests as part of a targeted operation.

On January 22 and 23 all three neighbourhood policing teams and special constables took to the streets to tackle drug crime, homelessness, antisocial behaviour, theft and assault as part of Operation Neutron.

The two days were organised in partnership with Newcastle Borough Council, the Business Improvement District team, local dog wardens and the Partnership Against Business Crime in Staffordshire organisation.

Over the two days officers arrested seven people from Newcastle, issued two section 35 orders, banning those individuals from the town centre for 48 hours and dealt with two dog owners about control and safety.

A 32-year-old man was arrested and charged with assaulting two officers, using threatening behaviour and handling stolen goods.

A woman, aged 30 was charged for theft and obstruction of justice.

A 37-year-old man was charged with possession of a class B drug, cannabis and use of threatening words and behaviour.

Two 46-year-old men were arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs and have both been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 34-year-old man was also arrested on possession with intent to supply class A drugs and has also been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Chief Inspector Phil Duffy, of the Newcastle Local Policing Team, said: "Our two days of action were a huge success seeing several people taken off the streets for some very serious offences.

"We have a commitment to tackle all crime in Newcastle and it is my priority to disrupt the distribution of drugs throughout the town and prevent drug related crime.

"Hopefully these arrests will serve a stark reminder that we do not tolerate any criminal behaviour in Staffordshire. We also hope that our presence will reassure the community and show them we are there to protect them in their time of need.

"We have seen some great partnership working across the teams and organisations and I would like to thanks everyone involved for assisting us in getting these fantastic results."
