```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Volunteers who help to make the highways of Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent a safer place are returning to the roadside next week.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community Speed Watch volunteers return to the roadside
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/community-speed-watch-volunteers-return-to-the-roadside/
publish:
  date: 17:48 03/07/2020
title: Community Speed Watch volunteers return to the roadside | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/community-speed-watch-volunteers-return-to-the-roadside/
```

Volunteers who help to make the highways of Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent a safer place are returning to the roadside next week.

As the government lockdown restrictions begin to ease, and following thorough safety assessments, Community Speed Watch volunteers will be back to work from Monday (6 July).

The national initiative sees local residents monitor speeds of vehicles in their local area using a speed detection device with the aim of raising awareness, promoting safe driving and preventing speeders on their local roads.

A total of 369 volunteers across 69 areas make up the Staffordshire Community Speed Watch scheme.

Volunteers record speeders on a log sheet and submit it to Staffordshire Police. Once the details have been checked, a letter is sent to the registered keeper warning them of the dangers of speeding. If a driver ignores repeated warnings, the force will take further action.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Tweats said: "The Community Speed Watch volunteers do a remarkable job by giving up their own time to help make the roads of Staffordshire a safer place to be - so we are delighted to have them back.

"All of our volunteers play a vital role in policing and help Staffordshire Police to prevent crime and above all, keep everyone safe."

Councillor Daniel Jellyman, Stoke-on-Trent City Council cabinet member for regeneration, infrastructure and heritage, said: "We'd like to thank volunteers for playing an active role in helping to make roads in communities across the city safer. It is great to have them back, as roads become busier and we continue our recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.

"Community Speed Watch groups are the easiest way for communities to tackle speeding and we would encourage more residents to form their own."

Helen Fisher, Cabinet Member for Highways and Transport at Staffordshire County Council, said: "Staffordshire has some of the safest roads in the country which is something we are proud of and have worked hard to achieve. We are always looking at ways to improve road safety and in particular reducing speed which is a major factor that affects our communities.

"Giving volunteers the know-how and the tools to help reduce speeding has been a huge success, contributing to the safety of our roads.

"It's good news that many of our communities are now able to restart their local schemes."

For more information and for anyone interested in joining Community Speed Watch, visit: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/wsi/watch-schemes-initiatives/csw/community-speedwatch/ or email CSW@staffordshire.pnn.police.uk
