```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A group of men involved in a mass disorder at a prison in 2018 have been sentenced.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Men sentenced following prison riot
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/men-sentenced-following-prison-riot/
publish:
  date: 15:30 19/06/2020
title: Men sentenced following prison riot | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/men-sentenced-following-prison-riot/
```

A group of men involved in a mass disorder at a prison in 2018 have been sentenced.

A total of 13 men at HMP & YOI Swinfen Hall in Lichfield erupted into a fight after a lone prisoner was first attacked on 6 August which later erupted into a mass disorder.

A group of prisoners on a wing were in their designated exercise yard when a lone prisoner, Daijon Johnson, was first assaulted by Adil Khan which then erupted into a large disorder.

Due to the number of prisoners involved, prison officers called for more assistance from colleagues on a different wing.

A number of other prisoners then came from the other wing and joined in with the disorder. A number of prisoners involved received serious injuries as a result.

Various levels of violence took place along with the use of an improvised weapon, a piece of plastic cutlery made into a knife, which was used to against fellow prisoners by Adil Ali and Clayton Beech.

No prison officers were targeted but two were injured as a result of restraining prisoners.

Detective Sergeant Ian Whitehouse, from CID south, said: "This was a large-scale fight in a prison that could've easily erupted into something even bigger.

"Prison officers were put under immense pressure to bring the disorder to an end."

Jerome Russell, 22, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 24 months suspended for violent disorder.

Leon Clarke, 23, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 19 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Clayton Beech, 22, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 24 months suspended for violent disorder.

Disharn Downie, 21, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Demiah Logan, 24, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 14 weeks for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Adil Khan, 22, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 21 months, suspended for 24 months for violent disorder.

Daijon Johnson, 22, was sentenced to 22 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence following a trial.

Adil Ali, 21, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 20 months for violent disorder and three months for possession of a weapon in prison to run concurrent.

Rashad Rasheed, 21, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 24 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Salman Awais, 21, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 16 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Abdi Nur, 20, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

Mohammed Zaman, 21, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 16 months suspended for 24 months for violent disorder.

Samin Umor, 22, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 14 weeks for violent disorder to run concurrent to an existing sentence.

They were all sentenced at Stafford Crown Court.
