```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s not just saving the day that makes Police Dog Cooper absolutely paw-some, he also loves to sink his teeth into a good story, as his latest foray online shows."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "&quot;Tim and Cooper are ambassadors for the force in every sense of the word.\u201D"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tim-and-cooper-are-ambassadors-for-the-force-in-every-sense-of-the-word/
publish:
  date: 16:17 29/01/2021
title: "&quot;Tim and Cooper are ambassadors for the force in every sense of the word.\u201D | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/tim-and-cooper-are-ambassadors-for-the-force-in-every-sense-of-the-word/
```

It's not just saving the day that makes Police Dog Cooper absolutely paw-some, he also loves to sink his teeth into a good story, as his latest foray online shows.

The Staffordshire Police pooch is already something of a celebrity through his Twitter account that has amassed nearly 13,000 followers in almost three years. And now he has a new group of friends at Silkmore Primary Academy, based in Exeter Street, Stafford.

The Staffordshire Bull Terrier, who lives and works with his handler PC Tim Moss, answered a call from the school to help pupils stay interested in reading while having to undertake their studies outside of the classroom as the coronavirus pandemic continues to affect daily lives.

"The school contacted us on Twitter for help keeping the kids interested in reading," said Tim, who has worked for the force for 20 years. "They contacted us out of the blue."

His chosen story - Pirate Pete And His Parrot by Jenny Woods - had a nautical theme.

Tim, used to editing videos himself on his phone for specialist search dog PD Cooper's various adventures, went above and beyond the call of duty to put the creation together in his own time outside of his work with the force. He read the story to youngsters, with a welcome and farewell message from himself and Cooper that showed the four-legged crimefighter showing his love for his handler with a comprehensive face wash.

"It didn't take too long," admits Tim, who has also previously handled general purpose dog PD Henry. "We have a really strict timetable what with all the training so I just fitted it in when I could."

Silkmore Primary Academy deputy headteacher Rachael Trickett-Fryer said: "Thank you to Tim and PD Cooper for the video they have sent of them reading for our children.

"It is difficult to promote a love of reading during these current circumstances, so Tim and PD Cooper have not only helped with this but also helped to raise children's future aspirations. I know just how special this would have been for the children.

"We also appreciate just how busy you all are so from all the children and their families, thank you for this kind gesture."

Staffordshire Police Chief Constable Gareth Morgan added: "Being connected to and part of the community we serve is the bedrock of policing and we should never be too busy to forget that. Tim and Cooper are ambassadors for the force in every sense of the word."

For more of PD Cooper's adventures with Tim, follow @PoliceDogCooper on Twitter.
