```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are questioning two teenagers as part of an investigation into a burglary at a convenience store in Stoke-on-Trent where a vehicle was driven into the shop.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made after Stoke-on-Trent burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/arrests-made-after-stoke-on-trent-burglary/
publish:
  date: 15:43 01/03/2021
title: Arrests made after Stoke-on-Trent burglary | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/arrests-made-after-stoke-on-trent-burglary/
```

Detectives are questioning two teenagers as part of an investigation into a burglary at a convenience store in Stoke-on-Trent where a vehicle was driven into the shop.

Staffordshire Police was called to the incident at McColl's on Abbots Road in Abbey Hulton at around 4am on Sunday morning.

A Land Rover Defender was used by the offenders who drove the vehicle at the store a number of times before gaining entry.

Initial reviews of CCTV has shown three men all wearing hoods and masks steal a number of items including alcohol and tobacco.

The Land Rover, believed to have previously been stolen, was later found burnt out on Bolton Gate car park at Park Hall Country Park in Weston Coyney.

Following the incident officers carried out a full area search and have also been carrying out house-to-house enquiries along with checking local CCTV.

As part of the investigation two teenagers aged 18 - one from Cheadle and one from Stoke-on-Trent - have been arrested on suspicion of burglary over the incident at McColl's. The two males have also been arrested on suspicion of burglary in relation to break-ins at a shop on Tunstall's Greengates Street and a newsagent's on Ashbourne Road in Cheadle. The incident in Tunstall occurred at around 4.50am on March 1 while the business in Cheadle was targeted overnight. The two remain in custody.

An investigation is ongoing and anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter quoting incident number 0076 of February 28, call 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
