```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Staffordshire Police is set to recruit 30 new detectives into the force.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force recruits detectives as part of officer uplift
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/force-recruits-detectives-as-part-of-officer-uplift/
publish:
  date: 17:07 17/04/2020
title: Force recruits detectives as part of officer uplift | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/april/force-recruits-detectives-as-part-of-officer-uplift/
```

Staffordshire Police is set to recruit 30 new detectives into the force.

Applications will open at 9am on Monday 20 April. This new entry route allows those with a degree to complete a two-year graduate programme focused on developing their skills to investigate serious and complex crimes.

Previously the Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) only allowed students to enter the force as police constables.

At the end of the two-year programme graduates will be awarded a level 6 Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice, along with level 2 (serious and complex) Professionalising Investigation Programme Accreditation from the College of Policing, which is nationally recognised with a number of law enforcement agencies.

Graduates of the programme will be qualified detective constables and will be posted to an investigative role, such as CID or the Child Protection and Exploitation Team.

During the programme, trainees will complete an initial eight-week block of learning, made up of four weeks at university and four weeks at police headquarters, including personal safety training. They will also receive enhanced interviewing skills, enabling them to effectively interview victims, witnesses and suspects.

Applicants will need to demonstrate the strengths and characteristics suited to the role of police detective. These include thriving under pressure, taking a positive attitude to overcome obstacles, responding quickly to new information and being methodical in their approach to solving complex problems.

They will complete a mix of classroom-based theoretical training and practical skills development. This includes four months in uniform, with time spent as a response officer and as a neighbourhood officer, before they are assigned to a team of detectives where they will take full responsibility for investigating offences under guidance.

Justine Kenny, Director of People and Resources, said: "This is a great opportunity for graduates to join the police as a detective. Successful applicants will spend two years living and breathing policing, learning all about the organisation and how the work of detectives, alongside colleagues in other parts of policing, is crucial in keeping Staffordshire residents safe.

"At the end of the course they will gain a professional policing qualification, while also gaining invaluable knowledge and experience by working alongside longstanding detectives who are experts in investigative policing."

Detective Sergeant Laura Agu, who is featured in the recruitment campaign, has been a detective for almost two years now. She's very passionate about the role and also about supporting new detectives in their development. She said: "This is a unique opportunity to make a positive impact in society by working to solve the most serious and complex crimes.

"Join us as a detective and you won't look back. The role is varied, fast paced and demanding. You need to be very resilient because you'll be faced with some upsetting situations. While you have to put your emotions aside, at the same time you need to be empathetic to support victims, reassure them and explain what will happen next."

The application process remains open until midnight on Monday 4 May.

This recruitment drive runs alongside recruitment for police constables under DHEP and the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship, as part of the national uplift programme. More information can be found here: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/police-forces/staffordshire-police/areas/staffordshire-police/campaigns/2019/job-like-no-other/
