```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Together with our partner agencies and licensed premises we are currently planning for pubs to re-open this weekend across the Staffordshire Moorlands.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police and partner agencies in the Staffordshire Moorlands plan for pubs to re-open
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/police-and-partner-agencies-in-the-staffordshire-moorlands-planning-for-pub-re-opening/
publish:
  date: 12:05 02/07/2020
title: Police and partner agencies in the Staffordshire Moorlands plan for pubs to re-open | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/july/police-and-partner-agencies-in-the-staffordshire-moorlands-planning-for-pub-re-opening/
```

Together with our partner agencies and licensed premises we are currently planning for pubs to re-open this weekend across the Staffordshire Moorlands.

Things are going to look quite different to what you are used to. Not all premises have decided to re-open and those that will be opening, will be doing so in line with current COVID guidance.

The venues may implement slightly different procedures, but all within guidance which may include;

 * Reduced opening hours
 * Requirement for pre-booking or first come first served
 * Reduced capacity to allow social distancing
 * No live entertainment or dance floors - low level back ground music will be allowed
 * Table service and/or use of mobile phone Apps to order
 * Reduced food menus
 * Some venues may now choose to introduce door staff

Staffordshire Moorlands Police Commander Chief Inspector Mark Thorley said: "We are working with partners to ensure that the town centres across the Moorlands are safe and enjoyable places to visit. My team will be visible within the towns, working closely with the Staffordshire Moorlands District Council licensing team to support venues as they re-open.

I want to make it clear that we will not tolerate poor behaviour in our towns and to support officers this weekend a number of section 34 dispersal authorities will be in place. This will give officers the power to direct people to leave should they cause harassment, alarm or distress to members of our community."

Staffordshire Police are asking that people are patient with bar staff this weekend as they get used to a new way of working. Any form of abuse may result in a Pub Watch ban from venues within town centres.

We continue to support our colleagues from Staffordshire Moorlands District Council with the intoxicated campaign and request that people drink sensibly.

A licensing spokesperson from Staffordshire Moorlands District Council said: "We know people will be looking forward to the further easing of restrictions from this weekend and would join the Police in urging everyone to behave responsibly and to follow the guidance and measures being put in place to protect the safety of everyone.

"Whilst most Licensees will be fully aware of their responsibilities and the key role they have to play in the safe re-opening of pubs, bars and restaurants after the lockdown, there are a range of new powers available to the Licensing Authority and the Police to deal with situations where the public's safety is compromised. Council Officers will work closely with the Police and Trading Standards to encourage and support a safe return to work for staff and a safe environment for the public."
