```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: We are delighted to welcome Scott Green to Staffordshire Police today (17 August) as he takes up the post of Assistant Chief Constable.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Assistant Chief Constable begins work at Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/new-assistant-chief-constable-begins-work-at-staffordshire-police/
publish:
  date: 11:32 17/08/2020
title: New Assistant Chief Constable begins work at Staffordshire Police | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/august/new-assistant-chief-constable-begins-work-at-staffordshire-police/
```

We are delighted to welcome Scott Green to Staffordshire Police today (17 August) as he takes up the post of Assistant Chief Constable.

ACC Green will be responsible for the Neighbourhood and Partnership and the Contact and Response directorates.

He joins us from South Yorkshire Police, where he has served for over 20 years, starting his career as a police constable in Sheffield.

In his early career he served in uniform and CID at a number of ranks, including working for the forerunner of the National Counter Terrorism Policing network.

As a Superintendent he was the Head of Business Change and an operational Superintendent in two separate districts. His last post in South Yorkshire was as a Chief Superintendent, District Commander for Barnsley.

He was successful at the Senior Police National Assessment Centre in 2019 and graduated from the Strategic Command Course in March 2020.

Chief Constable Gareth Morgan said: "ACC Green will play a key role in setting the strategic direction of policing in Staffordshire and will be extremely valuable in helping us achieve our priorities. We are pleased to welcome him to the force."

ACC Green said: "I am delighted to be joining Staffordshire Police as Assistant Chief Constable for the Neighbourhood and Partnerships and Contact and Response directorates.

"I am looking forward to joining the force, getting to know the teams across the county and, together with our partners, having the privilege to make a difference to the service we provide to the communities of Staffordshire."

On 3 August, Justin Bibby joined Staffordshire Police from Cumbria Constabulary, also as an Assistant Chief Constable, and will lead two Directorates - Investigations and Operational Support Directorates.
