```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Custody Detention Officers (CDOs) are an essential part of our policing family as they are responsible for the welfare of people as soon as they arrive in custody.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Meet our Custody Detention Officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/meet-our-custody-detention-officers/
publish:
  date: 11:31 16/03/2021
title: Meet our Custody Detention Officers | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/march-2021/meet-our-custody-detention-officers/
```

Custody Detention Officers (CDOs) are an essential part of our policing family as they are responsible for the welfare of people as soon as they arrive in custody.

We're looking for resilient but compassionate people, who can handle conflict calmly while prioritising the safety and wellbeing of those arrested.

As a CDO, you will:

🔹 Book people into custody
🔹 Take fingerprints, DNA and photos
🔹 Input personal information onto the custody system
🔹 Handle phone requests for custody access from solicitors, healthcare workers etc.

Visit our careers website for more information about the role and to sign-up for our familiarisation event on Friday 19 March at 7pm.

Recruitment closes at 12pm on Monday 29 March!

**Meet Custody Detention Officer, Sabah Iqbal**

CDO Sabah works in custody and is responsible for the welfare and safety of those who have been arrested, as well as gathering their DNA and information for the custody database.

Sabah became a CDO because she wanted to become part of the wider policing family. She said: "I wanted a job within the policing field and becoming a CDO has widened my knowledge of the force and how we all work together to keep the community safe.

"Being a CDO means that we look after people in custody, their welfare, safety, take fingerprints, DNA, complete drug testing and organise any solicitor or healthcare calls."

She added: "Working as a CDO has boosted my confidence and has taught me valuable skills. Skills that will be transferable in my career and personal life. This job is not only challenging and rewarding, but can open up a world of opportunities."

**Meet Custody Detention Officer, Georgia Hughes
**

**
**

Georgia joined the force as she wanted to become part of the wider policing family and help others.

She said: "I knew I wanted to be a part of the police force, so becoming a Custody Detention Officer was a great introduction in to policing.

"Working as a CDO means that I look after the people in custody, take finger prints, searches and regular checks to make sure they are safe and well while they're with us."

Custody Detention Officers are also responsible for gathering fingerprints, DNA and custody photos from those who arrive at our custody suites, as well as handling access requests from solicitors and healthcare workers.

Georgia added: "The best thing about my job is making someone feel comfortable and safe in an environment that is often quite daunting."
