```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a woman who was found dead at her home in Fegg Hayes have paid tribute to their \u2018beautiful and loving daughter\u2019."
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to woman found dead in Fegg Hayes
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/family-pay-tribute-to-woman-found-dead-in-fegg-hayes/
publish:
  date: 10:49 23/06/2020
title: Family pay tribute to woman found dead in Fegg Hayes | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2020/june/family-pay-tribute-to-woman-found-dead-in-fegg-hayes/
```

The family of a woman who was found dead at her home in Fegg Hayes have paid tribute to their 'beautiful and loving daughter'.

Officers were called to a report of the discovery of a woman's body at an address on East Terrace in Fegg Hayes just after 12pm on 31 May.

Sadly, 35-year-old Louise Castrey was pronounced deceased at the scene.

The death is currently being treated as unexplained and detectives are continuing to investigate the circumstances.

A post mortem has taken place and detectives are working to establish the cause of death.

Her family said: "Words cannot express our deepest sadness at the sudden loss of our beautiful, loving daughter Louise.

"We, as her family, would like to thank the numerous acts of kindness shown to us from family members, friends and everyone who knew Louise. It has helped us to cope with our grief at this tragic time."

Detective Inspector Zoe Kelsall, senior investigating officer, from Staffordshire Police's Major and Organised Crime Department, said: "This is an extremely distressing time for all of Louise's family and friends and we're continuing to follow up a number of lines of enquiry.

"We're keeping an open mind around the circumstances of the death and would urge people not to speculate.

"Anyone who has any information that may be able to help us with our inquiry should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter or call 101 quoting incident number 242 of 31 May.

"Or alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

A 32-year-old man from Stoke-on-Trent was arrested in connection with the incident at the time and has since been bailed pending further enquiries.
