```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: A man has received a 20-month jail term after pleading guilty to drugs and driving offences in Stafford - and breaching an existing suspended sentence.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for drugs and driving offences in Stafford
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-drugs-and-driving-offences-in-stafford/
publish:
  date: 10:56 29/01/2021
title: Man jailed for drugs and driving offences in Stafford | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-drugs-and-driving-offences-in-stafford/
```

A man has received a 20-month jail term after pleading guilty to drugs and driving offences in Stafford - and breaching an existing suspended sentence.

Christopher Nolan, aged 25, from Coalville in Leicestershire, was spotted driving suspiciously in a Ford Fiesta in Lichfield Road at about 8pm on 6 December, 2020. When they tried to stop him, he sped off towards the Island Roundabout.

On Doxey Road, he collided with a Volvo XC60, before driving through fencing and colliding with a kerb on the new bypass development.

After fleeing on foot, he was found and detained near the Lidl store off Foregate Street. Officers found he was carrying cannabis and he was arrested.

He was then found to be disqualified from driving and not to have any insurance and was later charged with driving a motor vehicle without insurance, driving while disqualified, failing to stop a motor vehicle when requested by an officer and being in possession of a controlled Class B drug (cannabis).

He pleaded guilty to the charges at North Staffordshire Justice Centre on 8 December 2020 and was remanded in custody for sentencing, appearing at Stafford Crown Court on 19 January.

Having been in breach of an existing six-month sentence that was suspended for 24 months from 15 May 2020 for dangerous driving at Leicester Crown Court, he was this time jailed for 20 months to include six months for the breach. He was also disqualified from driving for two years and 10 months and an extensive driving test must be passed upon the ban's completion.

He was also made to pay a victim surcharge of £156.
