```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have issued a warning over bogus callers telephoning homes in Staffordshire and pretending to be police officers in an effort to steal money.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning over bogus callers contacting Staffordshire households and claiming to be police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/warning-over-bogus-callers-contacting-staffordshire-households-and-claiming-to-be-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 11:34 06/02/2021
title: Warning over bogus callers contacting Staffordshire households and claiming to be police officers | Staffordshire Police
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/warning-over-bogus-callers-contacting-staffordshire-households-and-claiming-to-be-police-officers/
```

Detectives have issued a warning over bogus callers telephoning homes in Staffordshire and pretending to be police officers in an effort to steal money.

An investigation is underway following incidents in Stafford, Burton and Great Haywood where residents have been contacted by individuals claiming to be from either Greater Manchester Police or Staffordshire Police.

The caller will then go on to tell the resident the force has someone in custody who has accessed their bank account and taken money - but tells them the cash has been returned.

The resident is then asked to withdraw money from the account before the bogus caller will then call again and ask for serial numbers from the notes. They then claim the money is counterfeit and inform the resident a courier will be sent to collect the cash as part of the investigation.

Now Staffordshire Police detectives are urging people in the county to ignore such calls from individuals pretending to be from a police force who are asking for either their banking details or for them to withdraw money.

Detective Sergeant Kiley Round, of CID South, said: "We are aware of five incidents in Staffordshire of this type of fraud. On one occasion the injured party did withdraw the money and give it to an individual who came to collect it. Officers are analysing CCTV from the area and conducting house to house enquiries.

"We would urge anyone who receives calls like these - whether it's someone claiming to be from Greater Manchester Police or Staffordshire Police - not to divulge their bank details and not to withdraw money. Instead they should contact us and report the call."

Anyone with any information should message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
