```yaml
area: Staffordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging witnesses to come forward and help officers clamp down on nuisance vehicles after quad-bikes and cars have torn up parts of a grassed area on a Stoke-on-Trent estate.
  image: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018Driving on this green space is dangerous and anti-social\u2019 \u2013 Police appeal for witnesses after damage on Potteries estate"
  type: website
  url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/driving-on-this-green-space-is-dangerous-and-anti-social--police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-damage-on-potteries-estate/
publish:
  date: 12:03 18/02/2021
title: "\u2018Driving on this green space is dangerous and anti-social\u2019 \u2013 Police appeal for witnesses after damage on Potteries estate | Staffordshire Police"
url: https://www.staffordshire.police.uk/news/staffordshire/news/2021/february/driving-on-this-green-space-is-dangerous-and-anti-social--police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-damage-on-potteries-estate/
```

Police are urging witnesses to come forward and help officers clamp down on nuisance vehicles after quad-bikes and cars have torn up parts of a grassed area on a Stoke-on-Trent estate.

Damage has been caused to various areas of the green space off Repington Road in Sneyd Green with deep tyre marks clearly visible in the grass.

Now local officer PC Isobel Holliday is urging people living in the area to report any incidents as the force looks to track down those responsible.

And Stoke-on-Trent City Council has confirmed the local authority is replacing two cameras with high-definition devices in the area to help not only capture nuisance vehicles but deter anti-social driving.

_**Pictured: Some of the damage caused in Sneyd Green**_

PC Holliday, of Stoke-on-Trent North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "There have been incidents of quad bikes causing damage to the grassed area but we have also received reports of cars driving over it.

"Not only is this anti-social but dangerous. This is a pleasant piece of green space enjoyed by the vast majority of residents - and now some people are ruining it."

Meanwhile councillor Abi Brown, leader of the city council, said: "We are working closely with Staffordshire Police to identify the offenders who have carelessly caused damage to the area.

"We are in the process of installing two new HD cameras in Repington Road and Ralph Drive, which we know are areas that have been plagued by nuisance vehicles.

"This behaviour is dangerous and selfish - it ruins the space for everybody else and it will not be tolerated.

"I would urge anybody with any information about such incidents to contact the police to help us track down the culprits. We are committed to working with our partners and listening to residents to tackle issues caused by anti-social behaviour."

Anyone with information is being asked to e-mail PC Holliday directly on isobel.holliday@staffordshire.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively, message Staffordshire Police on Facebook or Twitter, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555
