```yaml
area: Durham
title: "Top cop retires after completing 30 years\u2019 service"
url: https://www.durham.police.uk/news-and-events/Pages/Hero-cop-.aspx
```

# Top cop retires after completing 30 years’ service

## 05/02/2019

Page Image

Page Content

​“I have loved every minute of my service and I have met some remarkable people” – top cop retires after completing 30 years’ service.

Hartlepool lad, Chief Superintendent Paul Beddow is bowing out after an impressive career spanning three decades.

Paul’s policing career began in 1990 when he joined Cleveland Police following a stint in engineering. While at Cleveland, he worked at all ranks in both operational, intelligence and CID roles.

The 51-year-old joined Durham as a superintendent in 2009 where he led the partnerships team and most recently Response and Crime Command.

During his time with Durham, he also managed a range of specialist areas including crime operations, major, serious, volume and priority crime, scientific support and criminal justice. He was also responsible for 24/7 policing, firearms logistics and licencing, roads policing and custody.

When in Cleveland, Paul received a commendation for tackling a male robbing a bank with a 14” bladed machete in his home town of Hartlepool and in 2013, Paul was hailed a hero cop after he led 15 terrified holidaymakers to safety through the smoke filled corridors of a Turkish hotel.

Quick-thinking Paul used the light on his phone to guide the terrified guests through the corridors and down flights of stairs, and outside to safety.

The father-of-two said jokingly: “I have a habit of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.

He continued: “I’ve made so many memories while policing Cleveland and Durham and the ones that really stands out for me was my posting as Head of CID in my home town of Hartlepool and being promoted to Head of Crime for Durham Constabulary.”

He now hopes to concentrate on his position as Chairman of Billingham Town Football Club. “There’s plenty of work to be done with the club and I’m ready to chuck myself into it,” he said.

He also plans to take a few trips out to sea on his fishing boat as well as continuing to referee for a number of local football teams.

He ended: “I have loved every minute of my service and I have met some remarkable people, it’s time for a new challenge whatever that will be.”
