```yaml
area: Durham
title: Preferred candidate for Durham Chief Constable announced
url: https://www.durham.police.uk/news-and-events/Pages/Preferred-candidate-for-Durham-Chief-Constable-announced.aspx
```

# Preferred candidate for Durham Chief Constable announced

## 20/05/2019

Page Image

Page Content

​The preferred candidate for the position of Chief Constable of Durham Constabulary is the current Deputy Chief Constable, Jo Farrell.

The announcement was made today by the Police, Crime and Victims’ Commissioner for Durham and Darlington, Ron Hogg, who said:

“Following a thorough search up and down the country for the best person to be Chief Constable, I am pleased to announce that Durham Constabulary’s current Deputy Chief Constable, Jo Farrell, is my preferred candidate”.

“Jo’s extensive and varied career in several forces brings a breadth and depth of experience to what will be a very challenging and varied role. Durham Constabulary is widely recognised as one of the best forces in the country, and I am certain that under Jo’s leadership the force will go from strength to strength”.

Interviews took place today before a Panel of senior public figures, a community representative, and an external human resources expert. These followed focus groups with Constabulary officers and staff and psychometric testing by the College of Policing.

Ron added “the recruitment process has been rigorous. I wanted to include Police Officers and staff, so that it is clear that the Chief Constable has their backing”.

The appointment is subject to a confirmation hearing of the Police and Crime Panel, on 6 June.
