```yaml
area: Durham
title: Darlington man jailed after carrying out repeated attacks on young girl
url: https://www.durham.police.uk/news-and-events/Pages/Darlington-man-jailed-after-carrying-out-repeated-attacks-on-young-girl.aspx
```

# Darlington man jailed after carrying out repeated attacks on young girl

## 01/03/2019

Page Image

Page Content

​Albert Sykes subjected his victim to six years of rape and assaults.

The 43-year-old of Honeypot Lane in Darlington was sentenced at Grimsby Crown Court on February 22 to 10 years and 6 months in prison and placed onto the sex offenders register for the rest of his life.

He was found guilty of sexual assault, two counts of rape, assault by beating and two counts of dangerous driving.

Sykes rammed the victims motor car off the road after he feared the victim was about to tell the police.

The court heard that the victim was only 15-years-old when the offender committed his first attack on her.

Speaking after sentencing, Detective Sergeant John Tyers of Darlington CID praised the victim for her courage in coming forward and giving evidence.

He said: “It took great bravery and tremendous courage for the victim to come forward and disclose to Police what she had been subject to and also to go through the court proceedings.

“I hope the conviction will provide the victim who is receiving specialist support and her family with the opportunity to move forward.”

We would urge anyone who believes they have been a victim of sexual assault or rape to contact us on 101, or dial 999 in an emergency.
