```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: David Gadbury lived in the town for more than 40 years.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes paid to cyclist who sadly died following East Grinstead collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-cyclist-who-sadly-died-following-east-grinstead-collision/
publish:
  date: 12:28 08/07/2020
title: Tributes paid to cyclist who sadly died following East Grinstead collision | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-cyclist-who-sadly-died-following-east-grinstead-collision/
```

Tributes have been paid to cyclist who sadly died following a collision with a car in East Grinstead.

David Gadbury was cycling around the roundabout at the end of Beeching Way about 11.09am on Friday April 24 when he was in collision with a Vauxhall Astra.

The 78-year-old, who lived in the town for more than 40 years, was taken to Kings College Hospital in London, where he sadly died from his injuries.

David had retired from Southern Water in Worthing but continued to work voluntarily on various committees and boards, including holding the post of Honorary Treasurer of the Royal National Institute for the Blind for a number of years. He was also a member of the local tennis club and a loyal and keen supporter of East Grinstead Town Football Club.

His daughter Helen issued the following tribute to him:

"Dad will be remembered by many in the town with his regular visits to Waitrose, the vintage sweet shop, the bookshop, Jingles music store and the library, plus Jack's fruit and veg, who he had supported for many years with his custom.

"Dad was a well valued member of his book club and regularly attended quizzes (of which he was very good at although he would never have admitted it).

"Many people would recognise him and would have seen him riding his bike through town, he much preferred to cycle when at all possible rather than use a car."

David lived in East Grinstead with his wife of 55 years. His daughter Helen attended St Mary's and Sackville schools, and then moved to Bristol to study at university where she still lives now.

Helen added: "Dad was a true gentleman, friendly, funny, intelligent, and kind in a quiet and unassuming way. He will be greatly missed by his family and numerous friends and acquaintances."

A 55-year-old man from East Grinstead was arrested and is being investigated for causing death by careless driving. He was released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or captured it on dash cam is asked to email collision.appeal@sussex.pnn.police.uk quoting Operation Juniper.
