```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Today (Saturday 7 March) marks the two year anniversary of the disappearance of Georgina.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police continue to investigate the disappearance of Georgina
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/missing-people/sussex-police-continue-to-investigate-the-disappearance-of-georgina/
publish:
  date: 11:16 07/03/2020
title: Sussex Police continue to investigate the disappearance of Georgina | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/missing-people/sussex-police-continue-to-investigate-the-disappearance-of-georgina/
```

Today (Saturday, 7 March) marks the two year anniversary of the disappearance of Worthing woman Georgina Gharsallah.

Georgina, now 32, was last seen or heard from on the morning of 7 March, 2018. Since this time, we have been committed to investigate what happened to her on the day she went missing.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Andy Wolstenholme said: "I cannot begin to think how difficult not only this day, but the last two years have been for the family and friends of Georgina.

"Since the investigation into her disappearance started we have had a dedicated team of officers and staff committed to looking into any viable lines of enquiry we have encountered.

"This has included the search of a number of locations, conducted over 1,000 house-to-house enquiries and investigated over 70 potential sightings of Georgina.

"Last summer I took the decision to record the case as a homicide. This was not an easy decision to make and was in no way intended to take hope away from Georgina's family and friends.

"However, Georgina was someone who would spend a lot of time on her phone and on social media but all of this and any financial transactions on her bank accounts stopped the day she went missing. It is for this reason I am led to believe there is not an innocent reason for her disappearance.

"We will continue to investigate all viable lines of enquiry and have been working closely with the independent charity Crimestoppers and the Missing Persons charity to ensure Georgina remains in the public domain.

"Any information we receive will be treated in strict confidence. Someone out there must know something."

Crimestoppers charity are offering a £10,000 reward for information which leads to leads to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the murder of Georgina Gharsallah from Worthing.

You can report information to Sussex Police via 101 or online or you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously.
