```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Already given four-year sentence in his absence. Also wanted in Brighton.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&#163;500 reward offered in search for Andrew Anderson'
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/wanted/500-reward-offered-in-search-for-andrew-anderson/
publish:
  date: 11:31 26/10/2020
title: '&#163;500 reward offered in search for Andrew Anderson | Sussex Police'
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/wanted/500-reward-offered-in-search-for-andrew-anderson/
```

Police in Sussex have offered a £500 reward in the search for Andrew Anderson, already sentenced in his absence to four years imprisonment for a series of threats and offences against women.

Anderson is also wanted for questioning in relation to further offences allegedly committed whilst evading custody.

The search has extended to London as detectives believe he has recently been the in the N1, N7, and ECI areas in the centre and north of the city.

Anderson failed to appear for sentencing at Lewes Crown Court on 31 January having been found guilty at a trial held in his absence the previous month, of seven offences relating to domestic abuse and harassment of two victims.

The court also issued a Restraining Order prohibiting him from any contact with either of the women and another woman who gave evidence at the trial of his harassment of her.

Anderson, who is 39, is white, 5'9" and of medium build, was last seen with dark unkempt hair and facial hair, once resided in the Bexhill area and still has links to the East Sussex area.

During his trial the jury heard about his systematic and threatening intimidation of his victims, which included threats to their families, harassing one of the women with a series of phone calls threatening violence, threatening to pay someone to beat up the other woman and causing 'keying' damage all around her car.

Police also want to interview him about further allegations of harassment and breach of his Restraining Order against one of the women who Anderson is prohibited from contacting.

Detectives believe the reward of up to £500 for Anderson's arrest in order to serve the sentence he has already been given, will result in information coming in.

Anyone who sees Anderson or knows where of his whereabouts is asked to contact the police right away by calling 101 or 999, quoting Sussex reference 47200160279.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
