```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police are appealing for dashcam footage.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Robust action taken in response to dangerous driving in Wealden
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/robust-action-taken-in-response-to-dangerous-driving-in-wealden/
publish:
  date: 13:52 30/03/2021
title: Robust action taken in response to dangerous driving in Wealden | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/robust-action-taken-in-response-to-dangerous-driving-in-wealden/
```

Police have taken robust action in response to dangerous and antisocial riding involving a group of up to 80 motorcyclists in Wealden.

Four people were arrested and a number of vehicles were seized after concerns were raised by members of the public.

About 12.55pm on Sunday (28 March) police received several reports of 70-80 motorcycles riding dangerous on the A22 in the vicinity of Maresfield and Little Horsted.

Suitably trained officers were deployed from across the Force, which included Roads Policing, SEU and divisional units. The group of riders were monitored by NPAS and vehicle tactics were used to stop the main offenders including the use of Stop Stick.

A total of four people were arrested, two of whom attempted to flee from the scene, and seven motorcycles were seized.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "The vast majority of motorcyclists who travel around Sussex do so in a sensible manner. However there are a small minority of bikers who believe they can drive in a disrespectful manner on the roads.

"This behaviour is completely unacceptable and causes upset and danger to local communities and road users.

"We will not tolerate this sort of riding and we will continue to robustly deal with those that flout the law.

"The safety of our communities is paramount and working with our local policing colleagues and partners, we will use all available tactics to take these riders and their bikes off our streets."

A total of four arrests were made:

 * A 21-year-old man from Dorset was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and failing to stop. He was released on police bail until 25 April.
 * A 22-year-old man from Barking was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, driving without a licence and driving without insurance. He was released on police bail until 25 April.
 * A 26-year-old man from Islington was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop and driving while disqualified. Released on police bail until 25 April.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Edenbridge was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, driving without insurance, two counts of driving without a licence, possession of a class B drug, and failing to provide a specimen for analysis. He was released on police bail 25 April.

If you witnessed the dangerous riding or captured anything on dashcam or CCTV, please report this online or call 101 quoting Operation Favour.

You can also report incidents of dangerous or antisocial driving or riding via Operation Crackdown.

Find out more about what we're doing to prevent, detect and respond to antisocial driving and riding in your area here.
