```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The festive season is one of the busiest times for our call handlers.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police remind people to Make The Right Call this Christmas
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-remind-people-to-make-the-right-call-this-christmas/
publish:
  date: 09:43 24/12/2020
title: Sussex Police remind people to Make The Right Call this Christmas | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-remind-people-to-make-the-right-call-this-christmas/
```

Police are reminding people in Sussex to 'Make the Right Call' over the Christmas and New Year period. It is one of the busiest times of the year for those who work in the Sussex Police Contact Centre and while the majority of the calls are genuine emergencies or issues, not all are matters for the police which means the telephone lines are not being kept free for those who need our help.

Head of the Force Contact, Command and Control Department Chief Superintendent Jo Banks said: "We have worked hard all year to lower waiting times, assess and prioritise information so we can be where we are most needed 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And that will continue to be the case over the Christmas and New Year period.

"Last month (November 2020) saw further improved average waiting times on our 101 non-emergency number of 2 minutes and 32 seconds compared with 12 minutes and 25 seconds just two years ago. We continue to remind people that everything that comes into us whether online or via 101/999 will be assessed and prioritised to ensure that we are responding where there is the greatest risk of harm to life or a crime in progress.

"Our continued priority is to deliver an outstanding service to help us keep our communities safe and feeling safe. So we can respond effectively, we're asking you to #MakeTheRightCall and to be sure your contact is a policing matter so we can focus our resources on those who genuinely need our help. If your call is not an emergency, and if you have access to go online, you can report crime or seek advice here

Contact officer Carole who is working a 10-hour shift on Boxing Day said: "I am a part time and last Christmas, I worked a shift up until 2.30pm. I celebrated Christmas in the afternoon with my children and they opened their presents and we had our dinner early evening. My children have grown up knowing the work I do is different to what their friends' parents might do but they are fine with this. My job is to help people when they need us most and just ask that people Make The Right Call and only contact us when they genuinely have an emergency or it is a real police matter."

Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said:"The staff and officers in the force contact centre are the first point of contact for most people who need police help and guidance. Over the past nine months they have worked around the clock seven days a week dealing professionally and courteously with the added pressures of a pandemic.

"As we enter the traditionally busier Christmas and New Year period, I echo the calls by our contact handlers to 'make the right call' and if yours is not an emergency to contact them online or call 101."
