```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "Jonathan Turner was sentenced to 24 weeks\u2019 imprisonment."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific offender who smashed jar of truffle mayonnaise is jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-offender-who-smashed-jar-of-truffle-mayonnaise-is-jailed/
publish:
  date: 11:33 12/01/2021
title: Prolific offender who smashed jar of truffle mayonnaise is jailed | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-offender-who-smashed-jar-of-truffle-mayonnaise-is-jailed/
```

A man has been jailed after committing a string of offences in Chichester - including damaging a £2.50 jar of truffle mayonnaise.

On 15 December, Jonathan Turner was challenged in Marks and Spencer, in East Street, by staff who suspected he was under the influence of alcohol.

After being asked to leave the store, he picked up the condiment from the chilling cabinet, raised his arm and purposely dropped the jar, causing it to smash.

He then slipped on the mayo, before hitting a male member of staff in the face and exiting the store.

Police were informed, and Turner was located a short distance away and arrested.

The 36-year-old, of Duncan Road, Chichester, who is unemployed, was remanded in custody to appear before Crawley Magistrates' Court on 17 December, charged with criminal damage and assault.

He pleaded guilty to both offences, and was ordered to pay £2.50 compensation to Marks and Spencer, and £75 compensation to the member of staff he assaulted.

While at court, another outstanding case was dealt with. This related to a burglary at One Stop, in St Paul's Road, Chichester, on 14 August, whereby a quantity of alcohol and scratch cards were stolen.

Again, Turner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to 12 weeks' imprisonment for these offences.

However, he was already serving a 12 week suspended sentence for another burglary and obstructing police in Chichester on 25 February. This was activated, meaning he was sentenced to a total of 24 weeks' imprisonment.

Acting Prevention Sergeant Amy McAlees said: "Turner has a significant history of criminal activity including theft, burglary, violence, antisocial behaviour and more. It was important we pursued these two cases - working closely with Chichester Neighbourhood Policing Team, Chichester Neighbourhood Response Team and Chichester Criminal Investigations Department - which were committed while he was subject to a suspended sentence, meaning he will now spend several weeks behind bars.

"This conviction demonstrates that these types of offences will not be tolerated, and we will do all we can to protect the businesses in our community, and seek justice against those who continue to commit crime in our county."

To find out how to protect your business, see our crime prevention pages here.
