```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A newly trained police dog assisted in detaining one of the suspects.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested after car with drugs marker is stopped in Brighton
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-arrested-after-car-with-drugs-marker-is-stopped-in-brighton/
publish:
  date: 14:01 07/08/2020
title: Two arrested after car with drugs marker is stopped in Brighton | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-arrested-after-car-with-drugs-marker-is-stopped-in-brighton/
```

Two men have been arrested after police intelligence led to a substantial quantity of drugs being seized in Brighton.

Around 9.15pm on Thursday 6 August, officers on patrol became aware of a silver Ford Fiesta believed to be involved in the supply of Class A drugs.

The vehicle was pursued and brought to a stop by officers from the Tactical Firearms Unit in Church Street, where the driver was detained.

The sole passenger ran from the scene and was pursued by officers on foot to Tichborne Street, where he was seen to place his hand down his trousers.

He was detained but continued to resist, despite multiple warnings.

Sergeant Matt Songhurst, of the Surrey and Sussex Police Dog Unit, therefore deployed PD Perry - an 18-month-old German Shepherd - to contain the suspect by biting his arm. This enabled the officers to arrest him, seize approximately 120 wraps of suspected Class A drugs from his person, and transport him to custody, where he was treated for superficial cuts.

Sgt Songhurst said: "As a newly trained general purpose dog who has only been in operation for four weeks, this was a real challenge for PD Perry. After hesitating initially, he grew in confidence as he complied with my orders, which enabled us to safely detain the suspect and secure the evidence, without us getting injured.

"This was a steep learning curve for PD Perry, who had never been confronted with this sort of situation. I am confident it will form part of his journey to becoming a successful asset to our force."

An 18-year-old man of no fixed address, and a 24-year-old man from the West Midlands, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug (cocaine). They both remain in custody at this stage.
