```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Here are the latest convictions.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 10 more motorists arrested during Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers identified
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/10-more-motorists-arrested-during-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-identified/
publish:
  date: 15:50 05/02/2021
title: 10 more motorists arrested during Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers identified | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/10-more-motorists-arrested-during-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-identified/
```

A further 10 motorists, arrested as part of a Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers, have been convicted in court.

A total of 212 arrests made in Sussex during the campaign, which ran from 1 December 2020 to 1 January 2021.

This dedicated operation - aimed to provide education and enforcement to motorists - was run in addition to our routine roads policing activity, 365 days a year.

Of those arrested, 19 have since been convicted in court. The remaining have either been charged, released under investigation or released without charge.

Here are the latest convictions:

 * Catalin Anca, 37, a care assistant, of Carlisle Road, Eastbourne, was arrested in Carlisle Road, Eastbourne, on 2 December and charged with driving with 83mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 13 January, he was disqualified from driving for 20 months. He was also ordered to pay a £350 fine, £85 costs and a £35 victim surcharge.

 * Daniela Jerbi, 23, a bar worker, of Queens Road, Haywards Heath, was arrested in High Trees, Haywards Heath, on 6 December, and charged with driving with 54mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system and driving with no insurance.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 8 January, she was disqualified from driving for 15 months. She was also ordered to pay a £385 fine, £85 costs and a £35 victim surcharge.

 * Jonathan Grimshaw, 34, unemployed, of Barlow Place, Hailsham, was arrested in Broadwater Way, Eastbourne, on 6 December, and charged with driving with 48mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system and driving without due care and attention.

At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 13 January, he was disqualified from driving for 36 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Osman Osman (sic), 31, a shop manager, of Maple Street, Lincoln, Lincolshire, was arrested in Lewes Road, Brighton, on 1 December and charged with driving with 65mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 21 January, he was disqualified from driving for 18 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Simon Morris, 32, a tree surgeon, of Fifth Street, Portsmouth, Hampshire, was arrested in Lewes Road, Laughton, on 11 December and charged with driving with 103mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 20 January, he was disqualified from driving for 24 months. He was also ordered to pay a £733 fine, £85 costs and a £74 victim surcharge.

 * Joseph Chantebel, 19, an electrician, of Harsfold Road, Rustington, was arrested in Lyminster Road, Littlehampton, on 22 December and charged with driving with 58mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 12 January, he was disqualified from driving for 15 months. He was also ordered to pay a £184 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Dane Christensen, 21, a carpenter, of Ifield Drive, Crawley, was arrested in Balcombe Road, Crawley, on 23 December and charged with driving with 82mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 13 January, he was disqualified from driving for 20 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Tanik Ergen, 38, a catering manager, of Brighton Road, Shoreham, was arrested in Russell Square, Brighton, on 7 December and charged with driving with 53mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 28 January, he was disqualified from driving for 14 months. He was also ordered to pay a £200 fine, £50 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Eileen Cooke, 66, retired, of Portland Road, Hove, was arrested in Portland Road, Hove, on 10 December and charged with driving with 84mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 28 January, she was disqualified from driving for 17 months. She was also ordered to pay a £346 fine and a £35 victim surcharge.

 * Aadam (sic) Nouri, 23, unemployed, of Fleet Street, Brighton, was arrested in Providence Place, Brighton, on 12 December and charged with driving with 44mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 28 January, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay a £80 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
