```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: An inquest into the 21-year-old&#39;s death will be held.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigation into the death of Blessing Olusegun continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigation-into-the-death-of-blessing-olusegun-continues/
publish:
  date: 20:21 15/03/2021
title: Police investigation into the death of Blessing Olusegun continues | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigation-into-the-death-of-blessing-olusegun-continues/
```

Police investigation into the death of Blessing Olusegun continues

Detectives are continuing to investigate the death of 21-year-old Blessing Olusegun in Bexhill.

Blessing's body was found lying on the beach near Galley Hill at 6.20am on Friday 18 September 2020.

Sussex Police launched an investigation, with a large number of actions carried out including the identification, collection and review of CCTV footage, a forensic examination and a number of statements being obtained.

A post mortem took place on 24 September and further forensic tests were carried out in order for the cause of Blessing's death to be established. These tests confirmed Blessing's death resulted from drowning, and this information was shared with Blessing's mother by officers in person on 16 October.

The post mortem examination, carried out by an independent pathologist, found no evidence of violence or of internal or external injury.

Taking into account all of the evidence available, the death is currently being treated as unexplained but not suspicious. This assessment is regularly reviewed, taking into consideration any updates or new information received.

Detectives will continue to gather evidence on behalf of the Coroner, who will then hold an inquest to rule on the cause of Blessing's death.

Detective Inspector Pippa Nicklin said: "We acknowledge there are a lot of people who want answers about what happened to Blessing, and we are working hard to establish the full circumstances of her death so that we can provide those answers to her mother, wider family and friends.

"We understand this is an incredibly distressing time for Blessing's mother and we are keen to do everything we can so that hopefully she may gain some closure over the death of her much-loved daughter. We remain in regular contact with her, as we have done throughout the investigation, and will ensure to update her promptly of any significant developments in the case.

"Although there continues to be no evidence of crime, we have been keeping an open mind and are still carefully and fully examining all the circumstances leading up to Blessing's death, from her arrival in Bexhill, to her leaving the house where she was working and walking to the beach.

"This remains an open and active investigation - it has never closed. Anyone who saw Blessing that night, or who has any other information that will help, can report online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Vista."
