```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A significant underground cannabis cultivation site was discovered.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six arrested as police execute multiple drugs warrants in Bexhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/six-arrested-as-police-execute-multiple-drugs-warrants-in-bexhill/
publish:
  date: 09:42 24/02/2021
title: Six arrested as police execute multiple drugs warrants in Bexhill | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/six-arrested-as-police-execute-multiple-drugs-warrants-in-bexhill/
```

Police have arrested six men and seized a significant quantity of cash and drugs after executing six warrants in Rother.

Officers from the Rother Neighbourhood Policing Team, Neighbourhood Response Team and the East Sussex Tactical Enforcement Unit attended four addresses in Bexhill and one in Battle on Tuesday morning (February 16), and a further address in Bexhill on Wednesday (February 17).

At one property in Barnhorn Road, police discovered an underground cannabis cultivation site with approximately 700 growing plants and more than 1,000 dried cannabis stems. A shotgun was also recovered from the address.

Searches were carried out at all six addresses, and around £340,000 of cash was seized by officers.

A 37-year-old man from Bexhill was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug and acquiring / using / possessing criminal property.

A 29-year-old man and a 67-year-old man, both from Bexhill, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a Class B drug and acquiring / using / possessing criminal property.

A 31-year-old man from Hailsham and a 33-year-old man from Bexhill were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a Class A drug.

A 60-year-old man from Bexhill was arrested on suspicion of possessing a shotgun without a certificate and producing a controlled Class B drug.

The investigation now continues with detectives from the Community Investigation Team leading.

All six men were interviewed and released under investigation while police enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Gavin Patch said: "This operation uncovered a significant cannabis production site and has resulted in a large quantity of drugs being seized.

"We are committed to disrupting the distribution of harmful drugs in our community, and will continue to respond robustly to information around the production and supply of drugs in the area."

Members of the public are encouraged to report any suspected drugs activity to police online or by calling 101. Alternatively, reports can be made anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Always dial 999 in an emergency.
