```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: This is the third and final recruitment drive for the year.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police launches final police officer recruitment drive of 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-launches-final-police-officer-recruitment-drive-of-2020/
publish:
  date: 17:28 16/11/2020
title: Sussex Police launches final police officer recruitment drive of 2020 | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-launches-final-police-officer-recruitment-drive-of-2020/
```

Sussex Police has today, Monday (16 November), opened recruitment for the third time this year, as part of its push to drive up officer numbers by 2022.

During this round of recruitment, the final opportunity for this year, applications will be sought for cohorts to join the force in late 2021 as part of a three-year programme where they will study for a degree in professional policing practice while undertaking their training. The Degree Holders Entry Programme also offers a two-year option for those who want to fast-track to a policing career.

In the financial year 2020/21 Sussex Police is on track to recruit over 290 Officers. This will ensure it recruits into the 129 additional officers as a result of Operation Uplift (the government increase of 20,000 nationally) and 50 additional officers funded by the precept. In addition, the recruitment plans ensure that it replaces all those officers who leave the force during the year - normally as a result of retirement. As such Sussex Police will see a net increase of 179 officers over the financial year.

With opportunities to specialise in a diverse range of policing specialisms, a career as a police officer opens doors to roles in areas such as safeguarding, community engagement, investigations and anti-terrorism.

Those who enter the force will experience a job that is challenging and demanding, but offers job satisfaction and variety like no other. By continuing to strengthen local policing numbers, these officers will make a real difference to communities across the county by giving Sussex residents what they want - a visible and proactive force which is tough on crime.

Director of People Services, Adrian Rutherford commented: "As a police officers and staff, we're proud of our role, our impact and our dedication every day, but I hope that Covid-19 has demonstrated this to the public now more than ever.

"Our communities depend on us, and we do all we can to protect our communities, catching criminals and deliver an outstanding service. We can only do this with the right kind of people, so this police officer recruitment is so important to help us add to our front-line and strengthen our teams who deliver so much, right across the county.

"We're a police force that is full of difference, insight and experience thanks to our people, and we want to grow this even further. I'd challenge anyone who may never have considered a career in policing before to just give it some thought. You might be just the person we need, so do read through our recruitment pages and listen to the stories of our people to find out more.

"Policing won't offer you an easy job, but will it offer you a career unlike any other, that is rewarding, varied and full of opportunities."

One of the latest officers to join Sussex Police is PC Jaimine Shahid. She joined the force as a constable in September having previously worked as a pharmacy dispenser and a policy enquiry officer.

Joining at one of the most unique times in the history of policing, Jaimine is currently undergoing her 13-week training at Police HQ, before moving on to a Divisional Coaching Unit in December, where she will begin operational duties with the support of an experienced officer and coach.

Jaimine said: "As cliche as this may sound, I have always wanted to join the police. Not because of the salary, power or privilege, but because I want to break down the barriers that some people feel between the public and the police. At the end of the day, we are the community, we just wear a uniform.

"I come from a Bangladeshi background, and know that within some communities, the perception of police, for a wide variety of reasons - is negative. My goal is to show these communities that police are here to help and that we are part of their community, not working in isolation.

"My Attestation Day, when I formally became a police officer, was the biggest day of my life. I couldn't be more proud of myself and the fact that all my hard work had paid off. Longer -term, I want to join the Safeguarding team. My sense of compassion and my desire to help vulnerable people means I think I could make a real difference there."

Welcoming the recruitment news, Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "I'm pleased to see Sussex Police continuing with their recruitment campaign with such gusto during another lockdown period.

"This is great news for Sussex residents and for Sussex Police as an organisation. It provides a fantastic opportunity for anybody wanting a fulfilling and varied career.

"I applaud senior officers for continuing to put extra boots on the ground when we need them most. I know that local communities will be delighted at the prospect of even more officers joining the force.

"If you want to make a real positive difference to your local community then apply today."

If you have the judgment to make quick decisions, are confident to be the first person in, have the compassion and empathy to help those in need and the resilience to serve the community every single day; then being a police officer could be the career you've always dreamed of.

Recruitment will close at midnight on the 30 November. Please note, we anticipate high levels of interest, particularly in the Degree Holder's Entry Programme so recommend submitting your application as early as possible as it may be necessary to close the recruitment window early. Apply now and help make a real difference to your community.
