```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Christopher Sheehan acquitted
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man acquitted of killing Danny Weyman in Bognor
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-acquitted-of-killing-danny-weyman-in-bognor/
publish:
  date: 15:25 18/03/2021
title: Man acquitted of killing Danny Weyman in Bognor | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-acquitted-of-killing-danny-weyman-in-bognor/
```

A West Sussex man has been acquitted of charges over the death of a man in Bognor, after a seven-day trial.

At Hove Crown Court on Thursday 18 March, Christopher Sheehan, 41, a removals worker, of Pound Road, Walberton, was found not guilty by the jury of murder or manslaughter, of Daniel Weyman 32.

Curtis Sheehan, 19, unemployed, of Barnham Lane, Walberton, Christopher Sheehan's nephew, had previously pleaded guilty to attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to the death of Daniel, and to possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. His sentencing will take place on a date to set by the court.

Daniel Weyman, resident at Belmont Lodge in Belmont Street, Bognor at the time, sustained serious injuries in Belmont Street just after 1.30am on Sunday 22 September 2019. He was taken by air ambulance to hospital in Southampton where he tragically died that afternoon.

The prosecution, authorised by the CPS, followed an investigation by detectives from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team. Senior Investigating Officer, Gordon Denslow, said; "We undertook a complex and very thorough investigation, working with the CPS who authorised the charges after detailed consideration.

"We respect the verdict of the jury and note that the trial judge, who allowed all evidence to be put before the jury, made no criticism of the conduct of the investigation. There are no outstanding lines of enquiry and the investigation is closed.

"Our thoughts at the time remain with Danny's family, who we have worked to support over the past 18 months."

See this family photo of Danny with his daughter Ruby.

Danny's mother, Debbie Goodwin, said; "This has been an extremely painful time for myself and my family. Danny was a much loved son, brother, cousin, nephew, great nephew, grandson and father, and his daughter, Ruby, will never get to know her daddy and will never get to know what an incredible loving and generous man he was.

"I will forever hold in my heart Danny. He will remain in our hearts forever and will be sorely missed by all that loved him."
