```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Today 29 October is Georgina&#39;s 33rd birthday.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues into disappearance of Georgina Gharsallah
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/investigation-continues-into-disappearance-of-georgina-gharsallah-disappearance/
publish:
  date: 10:10 29/10/2020
title: Investigation continues into disappearance of Georgina Gharsallah | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/investigation-continues-into-disappearance-of-georgina-gharsallah-disappearance/
```

Today (Thursday 29 October) is Georgina Gharsallah's 33rd birthday and her third since she was last seen.

Georgina left her house in Worthing on the morning of Wednesday 7 March, 2018 and this was the last time she was seen or heard from by her family or friends.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Andy Wolstenholme said: "A birthday is a celebration which should be spent with family and friends and I cannot begin to think how difficult not only this day, but every day since she has been missing have been for those who know Georgina.

"Over the last two-and-a-half years a dedicated team of officers and staff have been committed to looking into any viable lines of enquiry in the hope it will take us closer to finding out what happened to Georgina on that day.

"We are grateful to everyone who has made contact with us to report potential sightings and pieces of information on what could have happened. Sadly, none of these have helped us find Georgina and our investigation into the circumstances continues."

The last confirmed sighting of Georgina was in Clifton Food and Wines in Clifton Road, Worthing, on the morning of her disappearance. She was wearing a coat with a fur-trim on the hood, has a Monroe-style piercing and had her shoulder-length dark hair tied up.

DCI Wolstenholme added: "Georgina is a mother, sister, daughter and friend and I find it very difficult to believe that she would leave without a trace. Someone out there will know what has happened to her and I am urging you to do the right thing and make contact with us.

"Do you know of anyone who was living in Worthing at the time of Georgina's disappearance who has since moved away and may have not seen our appeals? Any information we receive will be treated in strict confidence

"We will continue to investigate all viable lines of enquiry and have been working closely with the independent charity Crimestoppers and the Missing Persons charity to ensure Georgina remains in the public domain."

Crimestoppers charity are offering a £10,000 reward for information which leads to leads to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the murder of Georgina Gharsallah from Worthing.

You can report information to Sussex Police via 101 or online quoting Operation Pavo, or you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
