```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He was aged 14 when the offences were committed.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Child sentenced for two Worthing stabbings
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/child-sentenced-for-two-worthing-stabbings/
publish:
  date: 11:50 21/01/2021
title: Child sentenced for two Worthing stabbings | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/child-sentenced-for-two-worthing-stabbings/
```

A child has been convicted of two stabbings in Worthing.

The 16-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, received a custodial sentence of four years and six months at West Sussex Youth Court on Monday 18 January.

It follows two separate incidents on 1 October 2019, when the defendant was aged just 14.

Shortly before 4pm that day, he approached a 16-year-old boy in Orme Road and demanded he empty his pockets.

He then punched the boy, who attempted to continue on his journey, and then stabbed him in the arm. The victim called police and was taken to hospital for treatment. Nothing was reported stolen.

The defendant then travelled by train to Goring railway station. About 4.50pm, he became involved in an altercation with another 16-year-old boy.

The altercation continued into the station car park, where the defendant stabbed the victim three times to the chest and abdomen area, requiring hospital treatment.

Around an hour later, the defendant was spotted with another youth in the area by a police helicopter. They attempted to hide in a railway underpass but were both swiftly arrested.

The defendant, who is from Worthing, was charged with attempted robbery, committing grievous bodily harm, possession of cannabis, and two counts of possession of a knife in public, all of which he pleaded guilty to.

The other youth arrested was later released and faced no further action.

Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter, District Commander for Adur, Worthing and Horsham, said: "Thankfully the two victims in this case recovered without suffering life-changing or life-threatening injuries, but it could have been a whole lot worse. Carrying a knife puts you and those around you at significant risk, and possession of any offensive weapon in public is a serious offence. This is reflected in the sentence imposed.

"We are aware of the concern within the Worthing community surrounding violence involving and affecting young people, and we continue to work with partners to combat this behaviour and seek to reduce the level of violence involving young people.

"In order to achieve this, we also need the support of our local community, and there are many ways you can report matters of concern. You can either contact us online or by calling 101, or you can contact Fearless or Crimestoppers anonymously."

If you are in danger or you see someone else in danger, please dial 999.

Sussex Police is also committed to tackling knife crime in general, and officers work with young people across the county through education, engagement and intervention, as well as carrying out proactive patrols to increase visibility and respond to incidents when necessary.

Chief Insp Leadbeatter added: "Our priority is keeping young people safe from harm and ensuring they're aware of the dangers of carrying a knife.

"Getting caught with a knife can change your life. We want people to realise that carrying these dangerous weapons could affect their futures, and we want to work with them to prevent this.

"Knife crime is a complex issue; and to create real long-lasting change it's essential that we work together to help keep young people safe and knife free."
