```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers revisited the scene in Crawley one week after the attack.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating attempted rape release image of potential witness
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-attempted-rape-release-image-of-potential-witness/
publish:
  date: 09:12 19/03/2021
title: Police investigating attempted rape release image of potential witness | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-attempted-rape-release-image-of-potential-witness/
```

Police investigating the attempted rape of a girl in Crawley are looking to identify a potential witness.

The 17-year-old victim was walking her dog along the pathway from Overdene Drive, towards the tunnel that runs underneath the A23 and follows on to Quantock Close, between 7pm and 7.15pm on Tuesday, March 9.

She turned around before the end of the tunnel and walked back along the path to Overdene Drive. As she did so, she crossed paths with a man who grabbed her and attempted to rape her.

The victim was able to break free and shout for help, causing the man to flee the scene in the direction of the tunnel. The victim is now being supported by specialist officers.

Police investigating the matter have identified a man they think could be a key witness - not involved in the incident itself in any way - as he may have seen the suspect while walking in the area.

Officers have released a CCTV image of the potential witness in the hope he will come forward and assist with their enquiries. He is not being treated as a suspect.

One week after the attack, on Tuesday (March 16), officers revisited the scene to speak with people who regularly use the route and who may have information that could assist the investigation.

People can expect to see a continued police presence in the area as officers carry out reassurance patrols and searches.

Anyone who recognises the man pictured, or who may have any CCTV, doorbell or dash cam footage from the area at the time of the incident, is urged to get in touch.

Anyone with any information, no matter how small, is asked to contact police online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Stockbridge.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously online or by calling 0800 555 111.
