```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: 18 reports in one month - but only two succeeded.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police warn residents about bogus HMRC callers
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-warn-residents-about-bogus-hmrc-callers/
publish:
  date: 16:31 08/07/2020
title: Police warn residents about bogus HMRC callers | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-warn-residents-about-bogus-hmrc-callers/
```

Elderly and vulnerable people across Sussex are again being warned to be wary of phone calls from fraudsters pretending to be from HM Customs and Revenue (HMRC).

The bogus callers claim the targeted person is wanted for tax evasion and is arrestable on warrant unless they pay a cash sum - sometimes up to £4,000 - to clear their 'debt'.

Some even address victims by name, or use a number that is often displayed as the official number of the agency they claim to represent, to add credibility to their call.Police received reports of 18 such calls in Sussex during June, although thankfully only two succeeded in getting any money - a total of £4300.

And at the beginning of July three calls were received in the Bognor area, one of them on 2 July netting £900 by phone-arranged bank transfer. The other two were unsuccessful.

Of the 18 people who reported calls in June, 10 live alone and seven are aged over 75. Calls were received across East and West Sussex as well as Brighton & Hove

Genuine authorities stress that people will never be texted or telephoned by them out of the blue with requests to make payments, to log in to an online account or to disclose personal information, such as PIN numbers, passwords or bank details.

Anyone receiving such contact is advised to hang up and report the call - preferably using a separate mobile phone or landline in case the criminals have kept the line open - to police on 101 or Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.

PC Bernadette Lawrie, the force's Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officer said; "This underlines the importance of never giving out private information and reporting any suspicious activity without delay.

"We'd also ask friends or relatives of potentially vulnerable people to ensure they are fully aware and alert to the risks."

For further advice, please visit the Sussex Police website.
