```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Four people were arrested.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Positive results as police crack down on anti-social driving in Wealden
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/positive-results-as-police-crack-down-on-anti-social-driving-in-wealden/
publish:
  date: 12:23 27/10/2020
title: Positive results as police crack down on anti-social driving in Wealden | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/positive-results-as-police-crack-down-on-anti-social-driving-in-wealden/
```

Police arrested four people and issued a dozen warnings as they cracked down on anti-social driving in Wealden.

The day of action on Friday (October 23) brought together officers from the Wealden Neighbourhood Policing Team, the Prevention Enforcement Team and the Roads Policing Unit with the aim of targeting those using the district's roads in an anti-social manner.

Through the use of both marked and unmarked police cars, officers stopped a number of vehicles and spoke with the drivers. This resulted in two people being arrested for drink-driving, and 12 motorists given warnings for excess speed.

Two Traffic Offence Reports were issued to drivers with a noisy motorcycle exhaust, and a vehicle was seized under Section 165 of the Road Traffic Act as it was being driven with no insurance.

Police intelligence also saw officers stop a vehicle suspected of being involved in crime. Two people were arrested - one on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug and drug-driving, and the other on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a Class A drug and possession with intent to supply a Class B drug.

Inspector Jon Gross, of the Wealden Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Tackling speeding and anti-social driving are two issues that we know our communities want the police to address. This initiative heralds the start of a consistent approach to targeting irresponsible drivers across Wealden.

"In the coming months the local Neighbourhood Policing Team will be working alongside colleagues from Roads Policing, Response and our Special Constabulary in areas across the district.

"We will also be working closely to support the many Community Speed Watch schemes, all of whom play such an important role in reducing the risk of accidents and injury on the roads.

"I know this initiative will be welcomed by the public and will no doubt contribute to improve road safety in our area."

Members of the public are encouraged to report issues to police, either online or by calling 101. For more information on anti-social driving and how to report it, visit our website here.
