```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Lee Cummings has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man banned from parts of Uckfield town centre for two years
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-banned-from-parts-of-uckfield-town-centre-for-two-years/
publish:
  date: 14:09 16/07/2020
title: Man banned from parts of Uckfield town centre for two years | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-banned-from-parts-of-uckfield-town-centre-for-two-years/
```

A man has been banned from entering parts of Uckfield following persistent criminal and anti-social behaviour in the area.

Lee Cummings, 18, unemployed, of Selby Road, Uckfield, was given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) when he appeared at Brighton Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (July 15).

The CBO prohibits him from entering certain areas of the town including Uckfield railway station, McDonalds in Bell Lane, Waitrose in High Street, Tesco in Bell Lane and their associated car parks.

The exclusion zone also includes Luxford Field recreation ground, the footpath alongside Uckfield fire station and Holy Cross Primary School, and the Wealden District Council offices alongside Bell Farm Lane.

He is also banned from entering the grounds of any railway station without holding a valid ticket, and banned from travelling on the railway line between Uckfield and Crowborough.

Sergeant Kara Tombling of the Wealden prevention team said: "Cummings has been responsible for significant anti-social behaviour issues in Uckfield, which have caused a lot of distress to residents and business owners in the area.

"Our officers have worked extremely hard to secure this CBO to help provide some respite for those that have been continually affected by Cummings' actions.

"We hope this CBO sends out a message that we will not tolerate anti-social behaviour, and will continue to use the powers available to us to deal with those responsible.

"We encourage people to continue reporting incidents of anti-social behaviour to us, so we can identify those responsible and respond effectively."

The CBO runs for two years, and comes after Cummings was convicted earlier this year of two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and making off without payment. He was sentenced for 40 weeks' imprisonment suspended for 18 months for those offences, and was ordered to carry out 60 hours of unpaid work.

Anyone who sees Cummings in any of the prohibited areas is asked to contact police online or by calling 101.
