```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: In February, police received at least 24 reports of courier fraud relating to vulnerable victims in West Sussex,
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stay alert following reports of courier fraud in West Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/stay-alert-following-reports-of-courier-fraud-in-west-sussex/
publish:
  date: 12:48 08/03/2021
title: Stay alert following reports of courier fraud in West Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/stay-alert-following-reports-of-courier-fraud-in-west-sussex/
```

Residents are being urged to stay alert following cases of courier fraud being reported in West Sussex.

Courier fraud is when a fraudster calls the victim pretending to be from the police or a bank and asks for money under false pretences. They will arrange for someone to pick up the money from the victim's home, leaving the victim out of pocket. Most recent cases have involved the suspect taking the victim's bank card and withdrawing money from their account.

In West Sussex in February, police received at least 24 reports of courier fraud relating to vulnerable victims, with £2,000 being the average loss.

On 23 February, a 87-year-old woman from Worthing came close to losing a large sum of money to a courier fraudster had her friend not become suspicious and intervened.

The victim had been contacted via phone by someone pretending to be from her bank. She had a conversation with them where they told a convoluted story about a fraud that caused £10,000 to be taken out of her account. The victim was told that some money had been put back in but not the entire amount.

She was instructed to take out £6,500 in cash and then to travel straight home, and to tell bank staff that the money was for her grandchildren if they queried it. She was told to disclose her address so a courier could pick up the money later that evening.

Fortunately, after telling her friend about the phone call, they became suspicious and called police. No money was lost.

PC Bernadette Lawrie, Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officer, said: "Criminals continue to exploit people through this appalling method and we are urging the public to be cautious of unexpected phone calls from people asking for personal information.

"If you have an older family member, we urge you to talk them through these tips for keeping safe from these courier frauds."

To protect yourself from courier fraud, we advise you follow the below steps:

 * Act with care if you get an unsolicited call
 * The police or your bank will never ask you to withdraw money or hand over your bank cards
 * Never transfer funds into a new account on the instruction of an unexpected caller - even if they tell you that the account is in your name
 * Always check your phone line has properly disconnected before making another call - wait five minutes after the suspicious call before making another
 * Never share your PIN number or enter your PIN into a telephone
 * Never withdraw money and hand it to a courier or anyone who comes to your door
 * Never give your bank cards to a courier or anyone who comes to your door.

Please pass this advice onto your loved ones, particularly those who are elderly or vulnerable.

If you believe you or someone you know has been a victim of fraud, you can report information via our website or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

For more information and advice about fraud, please visit our website.
