```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police were out on Monday (19 October).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrests made and five weapons seized during Worthing day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrests-made-and-five-weapons-seized-during-worthing-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 10:10 21/10/2020
title: Three arrests made and five weapons seized during Worthing day of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrests-made-and-five-weapons-seized-during-worthing-day-of-action/
```

Police made three arrests and seized five weapons during a day of action in Worthing on Monday (19 October).

A suspect - a 13-year-old boy - was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place following a report of a male threatening others with a baseball bat in Durrington on 18 October. He has been released under investigation.

A second teenager - a 14-year-old boy - was arrested and cautioned in connection with a burglary in Victoria Road on 28 July where two bikes were stolen.

A 14-year-old male was on suspicion of racially-aggravated criminal damage and theft following a report of vandalism to a primary school in West Tarring. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are ongoing.

This was followed by knife sweeps of seven local parks including Lamb Park, Sompting Road, Manor Sports Ground, Homefield Park, Dominion Road Park, Kitty's Field, Goring Gap Green and Hill Barn/Rotary Recreation Ground. Five weapons were recovered and safely disposed of.

Twelve shops were visited for 'Challenge 25' test purchasing educational activities to ensure local businesses understand the laws behind the sale of knives and have the correct training in place for staff.

Police teams dealt with two reports from UK Border Force regarding the importation of weapons. Both suspects were dealt with through community resolutions which were a warning letter and an educational talk from a police officer.

Officers used the Force's new van at hotspot locations in the town centre to engage with the local community and raise awareness of the risks associated with carrying a knife. The new initiative uses real-life stories of people whose lives have been impacted by knife crime to warn members of the public of dangers.

Superintendent Miles Ockwell, West Sussex District Commander, said: "My huge thanks to the officers and search volunteers who participated in this day and are committed to protecting our local communities and keeping Sussex safe.

"To tackle the complex issues of violence and knife crime we're taking both a proactive and preventative approach. We'll be out engaging with young people in schools and warning of the dangers of knife and weapon possession as well as carrying out targeted operations and scouring public spaces for harmful weapons.

"We would urge anyone with information about violence or knife crime to make the right call and get in touch with us."

To read more about the consequences of knife crime see the force website here.

Report crime online or by calling 101. In an emergency always dial 999.
