```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Aynul Hoque, 32, was sentenced on Friday (March 12).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man convicted of Brighton rape is jailed for eight years
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-convicted-of-brighton-rape-is-jailed-for-eight-years/
publish:
  date: 15:01 12/03/2021
title: Man convicted of Brighton rape is jailed for eight years | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-convicted-of-brighton-rape-is-jailed-for-eight-years/
```

A man who raped a man on Brighton beach has been jailed for eight years.

Aynul Hoque, 32, a chef of New England Road, Brighton, pleaded guilty to one count of rape when he appeared at Lewes Crown Court on January 23, 2021.

His arrest came after police were called by a member of the public shortly before 5am on August 1, 2020, reporting a man appeared to be having sex with a man who was unconscious.

Officers quickly attended the scene, to the east of the pier, and found Hoque masturbating in front of the unconscious victim. He was arrested, and first aid was administered to the victim.

Hoque was positively identified by witnesses, and was found to be in possession of some items belonging to the victim. He was also in possession of a black balaclava.

Hoque pleaded guilty to rape and was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment when he appeared at Brighton Crown Court on Friday, March 12.

Detective Constable Stephen Nutley said: "The victim in this case had been enjoying a visit to the city when he was subjected to this truly horrific attack. It has caused him a great deal of trauma and distress, and he has been supported by specialist officers throughout the investigation.

"On the night in question, he had been walking along the seafront after a night out with friends. He had stopped and had friendly conversations with a number of people, before heading down to sit on the beach. It was there that the suspect took advantage of the victim.

"Thanks to the vigilance of members of the public, and the swift response by officers, we were able to arrest the suspect at the scene.

"We built a strong case and despite Hoque initially denying the offence, he later pleaded guilty. The fact he was in possession of a balaclava, in our mind, shows he was intent on committing an offence that night.

"We are pleased to see the severity of the attack reflected in the sentence handed out by the judge today."
