```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Please keep following the legislation.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police urges public to continue to follow Covid-19 guidance over weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-urges-public-to-continue-to-follow-covid-19-guidance-over-weekend/
publish:
  date: 14:45 04/12/2020
title: Sussex Police urges public to continue to follow Covid-19 guidance over weekend | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-urges-public-to-continue-to-follow-covid-19-guidance-over-weekend/
```

Sussex Police urges the public to continue to follow guidelines to prevent the spread of Covid-19 as they enjoy the first weekend since full lockdown restrictions were eased.

Earlier this week the Government introduced Tier 2 restrictions in Sussex. Hospitality venues must stop taking orders at 10pm and no mixing of households is permitted indoors. Full Tier 2 regulations can be viewed here.

Police officers and PCSOs will continue to be out and about in communities to engage with members of the public, explain the new government regulations and encourage them to follow them.

Chief Superintendent Jane Derrick said: "We know the vast majority of people will continue to adhere to the legislation as they have throughout this public health crisis. In the run-up to Christmas, people want to socialise but we urge you to only do so within the Tier 2 guidelines.

"Our officers and staff have been patrolling across the county and engaging with members of the public to explain the current legislation generally, and people have acted positively. However, those who continue to choose to flout the rules and put other people's lives at risk will face enforcement action."

Officers attended reports of a house party in Shirley Drive, Worthing at 11pm on Thursday (3 December) where more than 10 people from different households were in attendance with some behaving in an obstructive manner to officers.

The group was safely dispersed and a 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of obstructing an officer in their execution of duty. He remains in custody for questioning.

Chief Superintendent Derrick said: "The demands on the police service are nearly now back to pre-Covid levels. Our priorities lie with public safety and so it is even more important that people take personal responsibility for their actions and do their bit to prevent the spread of the virus, so the force can operate effectively for those who need us most."

If people are aware of a serious and current breach of the government's coronavirus regulations, we would ask them to report it to us using online form here. 999 should only be used in an emergency.
