```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Two arrests.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police action in Eastbourne against modern slavery
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-action-in-eastbourne-against-modern-slavery/
publish:
  date: 17:54 10/03/2021
title: Police action in Eastbourne against modern slavery | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-action-in-eastbourne-against-modern-slavery/
```

Police have taken further action against suspected modern slavery activity in East Sussex.

On Wednesday (10 March) officers from East Sussex Project Discovery, working with partners including investigators from the Department of Work & Pensions, executed warrants to search a residential address and an office in Eastbourne.

At the residential address in Kings Drive, officers arrested a man aged 53 and a woman aged 45 on suspicion of slavery, servitude and forced or compulsory labour, and/or human trafficking, under the Modern Slavery Act 2015, and dishonestly making a false representation with a view to obtaining a benefit, under the Social Security Administration Act 1992.

After being interviewed they were released on police bail until 7 April while enquiries continue.

Documents, digital devices and related records were seized there and at an office address in Gildredge Road.

The investigation relates to a recent police visit to an address in Bexhill High Street at which officers had found two women from Brazil who admitted offering sexual services.

Inspector Rachel Barrow said; "We continue to work with partners to develop intelligence about any signs that vulnerable workers are being exploited over their conditions of employment and accommodation in East Sussex."

Discovery in East Sussex brings together local police officers, fire officers, Stop the Traffik Hastings, King's Church and staff from Hastings and Rother Councils, DWP, HMRC, Home Office Immigration, the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority, and local charities, all with the aim of seeing victims of modern slavery rescued and supported, and perpetrators brought to justice.

For advice and information on spotting signs of modern slavery and how to report it see the Sussex Police website. _

_
