```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A gross misconduct hearing for former DC Damien Cotgreave was held on Monday (18 January).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former DC found proven of multiple breaches of professional standards
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/former-dc-found-proven-of-multiple-breaches-of-professional-standards/
publish:
  date: 17:33 18/01/2021
title: Former DC found proven of multiple breaches of professional standards | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/former-dc-found-proven-of-multiple-breaches-of-professional-standards/
```

A former Sussex Police Detective Constable would have been dismissed from the force following multiple breaches of professional standards, if he had still been serving.

Former DC Damien Cotgreave, 45, who was based in Hastings, appeared at a misconduct hearing at Sussex Police headquarters in Lewes on Monday (18 January).

The panel, headed by an independent, legally-qualified chairperson, found 18 of the 20 allegations were found proven.

The proven allegations included:

 * Engaging in conversations via social media with 12 female members of the public using his personal mobile telephone, whilst on duty, over a period of several months from December 2019 to February 2020.

* Some of these conversations included inappropriate content, such as sexual images or exhibits, or were sexual in nature.

* On one occasion, the officer is alleged to have attended the address of one female for in excess of an hour whilst on duty, for a non-policing purpose, and engaged in sexualised behaviour.

Chief Superintendent Lisa Bell, head of the force's professional standards department, said: "We expect the highest possible standards of our officers and staff and we take any report of inappropriate behaviour extremely seriously. Former DC Damien Cotgreave's behaviour is a violation of the trust that the public put in the police to serve and protect them.

"Cotgreave conducted this unacceptable behaviour when he should have been responding to his policing duties and this falls well below the standards expected in Sussex Police and across policing nationally.

"Officers and staff can be forgiven for making genuine mistakes but the behaviour of this officer was inexcusable, for which we sincerely apologise."
