```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Ian Bryan was convicted of wounding with intent.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to 14 years for St Leonards attack
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-sentenced-to-14-years-for-st-leonards-attack/
publish:
  date: 17:16 21/12/2020
title: Man sentenced to 14 years for St Leonards attack | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-sentenced-to-14-years-for-st-leonards-attack/
```

A man has been jailed for 14 years after being convicted of stabbing a teenager in St Leonards.

Ian Bryan, 58, unemployed of St Margaret's Road, was sentenced when he appeared at Brighton Crown Court on Monday (December 21).

He had been found guilty of one count of wounding with intent and one count of attempted wounding with intent following a week-long trial last month.

The charges related to an altercation at St Margaret's Road around 9.26pm on Wednesday, April 22.

The two victims, aged 17 and 32 at the time, were staying in a property next door to Bryan while they carried out some engineering work in the area.

Earlier in the evening, an argument had broken out between them as Bryan challenged the victims as to why they were there, believing they shouldn't be due to the coronavirus lockdown.

The two victims left the address shortly after 8pm and at 8.15pm, Bryan called police to report the victims for breaching the government's Covid-19 restrictions.

The victims returned to their accommodation at 8.35pm and at 9.26pm, Bryan called the police non-emergency number and stated he was still feeling troubled about the victim's actions towards him. Very shortly after, the two victims heard three or four bangs at their front door.

The 17-year-old boy answered the door and was attacked by Bryan, suffering a serious wound to his neck.

The second victim fought Bryan off and also suffered a minor injury to his leg. The two victims ran to the street outside and called an ambulance at 9.27pm.

Police and paramedics attended the scene. Bryan was found in possession of two knives and after failing to respond to orders to drop them, was tasered and arrested.

The 17-year-old victim was rushed to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton for emergency surgery. Fortunately, he made a good physical recovery and was discharged a few days later.

Bryan was also taken to hospital for treatment to injuries he suffered during the incident. Upon discharge, he was taken into custody for questioning and was subsequently charged with two counts of attempted murder.

A unanimous jury found him not guilty of attempted murder, but guilty of wounding with intent and attempted wounding with intent.

Detective Inspector Pippa Nicklin of Hastings CID said: "Ian Bryan left his property that night armed with a knife, showing clear intent to cause the victims harm. His violent actions left a 17-year-old boy with an incredibly serious neck injury that required emergency surgery.

"Thanks to a thorough and swift police investigation, Bryan was convicted at court. We are pleased the length of the sentence reflects the severity of the attack and that a dangerous offender has been put in prison."
