```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Two arrested for drugs offences and one on recall to prison.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hastings police use information from the public to arrest three people in 45 minutes
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/hastings-police-use-information-from-the-public-to-arrest-three-people-in-45-minutes/
publish:
  date: 14:11 03/07/2020
title: Hastings police use information from the public to arrest three people in 45 minutes | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/hastings-police-use-information-from-the-public-to-arrest-three-people-in-45-minutes/
```

Community intelligence helped police in Hastings arrest three people in the space of 45 minutes.

On Thursday (July 2), officers were conducting a routine patrol in Vicarage Road and Plynlimmon Road after receiving reports from members of the public of suspected drug dealing.

After noticing some suspicious behaviour outside a property in Vicarage Road, police investigated and came across two people who they detained under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

A room was searched and approximately 30 wraps of suspected Class A drugs were found and seized. The two people - a 23-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman - were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.

The woman was released under investigation pending further enquiries, while the man was released on conditional bail until July 27.

Police also had reason to believe a man wanted on recall to prison was frequenting the area, based on information previously received from members of the public.

Officers made some enquiries and were able to find and arrest the man in nearby St George's Road. He was also arrested on suspicion of five counts of burglary other than dwelling, and one of fraud by false representation.

He was released under investigation for those offences, but has now been recalled to prison.

Sergeant Simon Barden said: "Our officers did some great work in apprehending three people in the space of 45 minutes, but this just shows the value of receiving reports from members of the public.

"Often the people in our communities are our eyes and ears on the ground, and we take the information they give us very seriously and will always look to act upon it."

We encourage people to report any suspicious activity to us, or other agencies anonymously such as Crimestoppers, so that we can respond effectively.

Our priority is keeping communities safe and feeling safe, and we are asking the public to continue to #MakeTheRightCall so we can ensure our resources are focused on those who genuinely need our help and to prevent crime.

If you notice anything suspicious, please report online or call 101. In an emergency always dial 999.

You can alternatively report anonymously to Crimestoppers here or by calling 0800 555 111.
