```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A producer organised the event in breach of the government&#39;s Covid-19 regulations.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue &#163;10,000 fine after group gather to film music video in Eastbourne
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-issue-10000-fine-after-group-gather-to-film-music-video-in-eastbourne/
publish:
  date: 15:52 21/01/2021
title: Police issue &#163;10,000 fine after group gather to film music video in Eastbourne | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-issue-10000-fine-after-group-gather-to-film-music-video-in-eastbourne/
```

Police have issued a £10,000 fine after dozens of people gathered to film a music video in Eastbourne, in breach of the government's Covid-19 regulations.

Officers received a report of a planned gathering at Trinity Place car park in Eastbourne town centre, due to take place between 4 and 5pm on Wednesday (January 20).

Police attended the car park and found more than 30 people present on the sixth floor, along with music and filming equipment. Most of the group were not wearing face coverings and were not adhering to social distancing.

A number of people were compliant and left the scene immediately. A man from London identified himself as the owner of a music production business and organiser of the event. He was issued with a £10,000 for holding a gathering of more than 30 persons, in breach of the current Covid-19 legislation.

A member of the group also refused to comply with requests by officers to leave the area, and he was issued with a £200 Fixed Penalty Notice.

Sussex Police's licensing team also issued a £1,000 fine to a bar and restaurant in Forest Row for operating in breach of Covid-19 regulations.

Police observed a group people inside the venue on the evening of Thursday (January 14), as well as a member of staff behind the bar. On seeing the officers, all those present were seen to run and hide from view.

Following enquiries, the fine was retrospectively issued to the owner and designated premises supervisor on Monday (January 18).

Superintendent Julia Pope said: "While the vast majority of people in Sussex are following the government's Covid-19 regulations, we are unfortunately still seeing a small number of people who are ignoring the restrictions and putting themselves and other people at risk.

"We ask the public to continue doing the right thing by following the government's guidance. We will continue to respond effectively and proportionately to those found to be wilfully and obviously breaching the restrictions.

"The rules and restrictions are in place for a reason - to protect the NHS and save lives. We know it's been an incredibly difficult time, but it's still so important that we pull together and continue doing what we need to do to stop the spread of the virus and save lives."
