```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He also pleaded guilty to an attempted burglary and possession of a bladed article.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Boy pleads guilty to burgling three homes in Brighton
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/boy-pleads-guilty-to-burgling-three-homes-in-brighton/
publish:
  date: 16:04 27/07/2020
title: Boy pleads guilty to burgling three homes in Brighton | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/boy-pleads-guilty-to-burgling-three-homes-in-brighton/
```

Updated News Post

A boy has pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary after being found by police officers lying next to a bed in a stranger's home.

The 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty to the three residential burglaries, as well as one attempted burglary and possession of a bladed article in a public place, when he appeared at Brighton Magistrates' Court on Monday (July 27).

Police were called at 3.29am on Saturday (July 25) to a report of an intruder at a house in Henley Avenue, Brighton.

The intruder had been seen by an occupant of the house searching bedrooms with a torch and when officers arrived, he was found lying by the side of a bed.

In his possession, he had items identified as belonging to the victim, including bank cards, a phone, an iPad and headphones. He was also in possession of a knife and a screwdriver.

A search of his home address found items belonging to victims of other burglaries recently reported to police. These were in Burlington Street, Brighton, on July 21; in Whitehawk Road, Brighton, on July 24; and at another address in Henley Avenue on July 25.

Items stolen during these burglaries include electronic devices such as gaming consoles, phones and iPads, as well as cash and cigarettes.

There was also evidence linking the boy to an attempted burglary at another address in Whitehawk Road, Brighton, on July 25.

He was arrested and charged, and pleaded guilty to all offences. He is next due to appear for sentencing at Worthing Youth Court on August 20.

Detective Inspector Ian Still said: "While we have been able to return a lot of the property stolen during these burglaries, this doesn't take away from the distress experienced by the victims.

"We are grateful to each of them for the information they have provided to us, which helped us gather enough evidence to charge the boy and to secure the guilty pleas.

"We are pleased the boy is being held accountable for his unacceptable actions. We will not tolerate behaviour of this kind and will continue to respond to and investigate reports of burglary in our community."
