```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Have you witnessed any suspicious behaviour?
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating two attempted ATM thefts in East Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-two-attempted-atm-thefts-in-east-sussex/
publish:
  date: 08:36 21/01/2021
title: Police investigating two attempted ATM thefts in East Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-two-attempted-atm-thefts-in-east-sussex/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following two attempted ATM thefts in East Sussex.

Officers are investigating break-ins at a HSBC branch in High Street, Uckfield, around 3am on Friday (January 15) and a second HSBC branch in High Street, Lewes, around 3am on Monday (January 18).

In both cases, entry has been gained to the bank foyer but attempts to remove the cash machine from inside have been unsuccessful.

Detective Chief Inspector Alasdair Henry said: "These two incidents appear to be part of a wider series across the South East, and we are working closely with our colleagues in other forces to share information in an effort to find those responsible.

"Although the suspects have left empty-handed, their actions still have a serious impact on the businesses targeted and people in the wider community.

"Rest assured, each incident is being thoroughly investigated by our officers using the technology and forensic resources available to us.

"If anyone has any information about either of the burglaries, or if they recognise the people pictured in the CCTV image, please get in touch. This includes if you have witnessed somebody acting suspiciously in the vicinity of a bank or ATM.

"No matter how small you think the information may be, it could help us piece together a bigger picture of what has happened and help us identify those responsible."

Members of the public can report information to police online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Kafka. If a crime is ongoing, please call 999.

Any information about these incidents will be treated in confidence. If people would prefer to pass on information anonymously, this can be done via the independent charity Crimestoppers online or by calling 0800 555 111.
