```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He has been named as 20-year-old Pathushan Sutharsan.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cyclist killed at Rudgwick was raising money for charity
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/cyclist-killed-at-rudgwick-was-raising-money-for-charity/
publish:
  date: 15:45 06/08/2020
title: Cyclist killed at Rudgwick was raising money for charity | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/cyclist-killed-at-rudgwick-was-raising-money-for-charity/
```

A cyclist who died in a Rudgwick collision has been formally identified.

Around 10.45am on Wednesday, 22 July, police responded to reports of a road traffic collision involving a cyclist and a Renault HGV tipper lorry on the A281 Guildford Road, Rudgwick.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, 20-year-old Pathushan Sutharsan died at the scene.

Pathushan, known as Pathu, was taking part in a 120km charity bike ride for Yemen when the collision occurred.

His family have issued the following tribute: "Pathu was a compassionate, sensitive, generous and creative person who always had a positive outlook. He had a life board in his bedroom where he would write down all of his dreams and aspirations.

"Pathu was in his second year studying architecture at Brighton University, due to start his third year in September and was a very dedicated student.

"His passions were photography and singing; he had a music studio as his home in Morden, South London, which he was very proud of. Pathu was also very interested in You Tube and wanted to capture real life situations via his podcasts.

"Pathu was always thinking of others and this bike ride was no different. Although Hindu, he was participating in the charity ride to assist Muslims in the Yemen.

"One of Pathu's mantras in life included: 'Will you be proud of the things you have done?'

"Well, us and his friends, although devastated by our loss, are proud that Pathu passed away trying to save the lives of so many people."

His secondary school headmaster, Mr Bean of WCGS said on behalf of all staff at the school: "Pathu was a much-loved student and studied art, chemistry and maths at A Level. He was a very talented musician, often found in the main hall playing the piano and led Radcliffe as house captain with passion and creativity. He will be sorely missed by all who knew him."

Pathu's Just Giving page for his charity ride has now raised more than £15,000.

Police continue to appeal for anyone who witnessed the collision or who has dash cam footage to make contact with them. You can report information online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Oakford.
