```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Joint &#39;County Lines&#39; operation in Eastbourne and Merseyside.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Charges after Merseyside and Sussex operation disrupts alleged drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/charges-after-merseyside-and-sussex-operation-disrupts-alleged-drug-dealing/
publish:
  date: 12:19 17/12/2020
title: Charges after Merseyside and Sussex operation disrupts alleged drug dealing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/charges-after-merseyside-and-sussex-operation-disrupts-alleged-drug-dealing/
```

A joint operation by police in Sussex and Merseyside has disrupted alleged 'County Lines' drugs dealing.

Officers in Eastbourne developed intelligence about cocaine adulterated with Fentanyl being sold locally, allegedly part of a 'line' stemming from Liverpool and including Staffordshire.

Within two days, the officers disrupted the line with two arrests and searches.

James Sanders, 19, of Jade Close, Knowsley, Liverpool, appeared at Brighton Magistrates Court on 26 October, charged with possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply. He was remanded in custody to await trial on 4 May 2021.

A 40-year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of fentanyl with intent to supply and after being interviewed was released under investigation.

On Monday 14 December warrants were executed by Merseyside officers at an address in Kirkby, Merseyside, and three golf ball sized wraps of cocaine were found. Inside the address a number of items were seized as alleged assets of crime under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA); two Rolex watches, a scrambler bike and designer clothing.

Kevin McCabe, 28, of Pershore Road, Southdene, Kirkby, was charged with three counts of disqualified driving, three counts of driving with no insurance, dangerous driving, possession with intent to supply a Class A drug, two counts of making an offer to supply drugs and assaulting an emergency worker.

He appeared before Liverpool magistrates on 16 December and was remanded in custody to appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 13 January.

Detective Inspector Mark Rosser of the Sussex Police Specialist Crime Command said; "This is another example of our work to disrupt alleged criminality causing harm to our communities. We are committed to protecting our communities and catching criminals wherever they live."

For more information on County Lines, how to combat it, and work being done by the police, see the force website.
