```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "We\u2019ve listened to your concerns and taken action."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Road safety operation leads to more than 150 road offences being dealt with
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/road-safety-operation-leads-to-more-than-150-road-offences-being-dealt-with/
publish:
  date: 12:19 24/08/2020
title: Road safety operation leads to more than 150 road offences being dealt with | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/road-safety-operation-leads-to-more-than-150-road-offences-being-dealt-with/
```

A road safety initiative has resulted in over 150 offences being dealt with and dozens more motorists positively engaging with police.

As part of Operation Downsway, specialist officers from the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit (RPU) provide education and enforcement with two main aims: to target offenders and to keep everyone safe on our roads.

The operation on Sunday (23 August) included sections of the A29 and A272 in West Sussex and consisted of both proactive patrols and static check sites in areas identified by communities as having concerns for road safety.

Over 150 road offences were dealt with and these included excess speed, not wearing a seatbelt, using a mobile phone while driving and having an unregulated number plate.

RPU officers were joined on the day by Chief Constable Jo Shiner, who said: "While we were able to target a large number of offenders - demonstrating we will not tolerate antisocial driving or riding on our roads - I am more encouraged by the number of people we have engaged with.

"We have met a number of people from local communities and listened to their concerns, and the feedback we have had from those communities has been very positive.

"By providing education and enforcement in a number of ways, we aim to prevent the number of collisions on our roads in Sussex."

The 'fatal five' offences include speeding, drink and drug-driving, mobile phone use, not wearing a seatbelt, and careless or dangerous driving.

Chief Constable Shiner added: "These are the five most common causes of fatal and serious injury collisions, all of which can be avoided by taking personal responsibility.

"The vast majority of motorists are safe and competent road users, and it's imperative that we target those who compromise road safety, and deal with them robustly."

Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne was also invited to attend the operation.

She said: "From the high volume of public correspondence to my office and the numerous consultations I have conducted over the last year, I know that safety on our roads remains a top priority for residents.

"Sussex Police have invested and strengthened their roads policing unit over the last year as a result, working with partners on successful engagement, education and enforcement campaigns like this operation.

"I was pleased to see some of the specialist roads policing officers on duty, actively engaging with the public and being a visible deterrent to those who think they can use our roads irresponsibly."

Police will continue to commit resources to Operation Downsway at various locations across Sussex throughout the year. This is in addition to routine roads policing 365 days a year.

You can report incidents of dangerous or antisocial driving to Operation Crackdown.
