```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: It follows concerns of youth-related disorder.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Meeting held to address antisocial behaviour in Southwater
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/meeting-held-to-address-antisocial-behaviour-in-southwater/
publish:
  date: 12:39 22/03/2021
title: Meeting held to address antisocial behaviour in Southwater | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/meeting-held-to-address-antisocial-behaviour-in-southwater/
```

A multi-agency meeting has been held to address concerns of ongoing antisocial behaviour and youth-related disorder in the Southwater area.

The event took place on Tuesday 16 March and included representatives from Sussex Police, Southwater Parish Council, Youth Justice and Youth Provision, Neighbourhood Wardens and Neighbourhood Watch.

PC James Munden, of the Adur, Worthing and Horsham Neighbourhood Policing Team, who chaired the meeting, said: "We looked at the identified 'hotspot' areas where such behaviour is occurring. A joint report from the council and police was submitted, looking at constructive ways in which by working in partnership, we can tackle some of the issues. Examples of this include installing better lighting, CCTV, more signage and generally smartening up the area by the old railway bridge.

"We discussed plans for extra patrols in the Southwater area, including joint patrols involving police, wardens and youth workers, with a view to better engaging with local youths.

"With Covid restrictions easing, we also discussed the current and proposed provision for young people. Investigation into recent offences has resulted in positive action and young people being referred to the Youth Offending Service.

"We would continue to encourage local residents to report any incidents of antisocial behaviour. This can be done by calling Sussex Police on 101 or reporting it online. If it is an emergency, dial 999.

"Remember, reports to police help us to determine where we need to focus our resources. We can only act upon what we know about. Thank you and stay safe."

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

Fearless is a site where young people can access non-judgemental information and advice about crime and criminality. Visit Fearless online.
