```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police activity focused on tackling violence and knife-enabled crime in public spaces.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager charged with assault offences during Wealden weekend of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/teenager-charged-with-assault-offences-during-wealden-weekend-of-action/
publish:
  date: 15:25 03/07/2020
title: Teenager charged with assault offences during Wealden weekend of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/teenager-charged-with-assault-offences-during-wealden-weekend-of-action/
```

A teenager has been charged after two people were assaulted in Uckfield.

Police received a report of an altercation at the junction of Mill Lane and High Street around 8pm on Thursday (June 25).

Two people were said to have been assaulted but both fortunately managed to escape without any injury.

A 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested and charged with battery and common assault.

He has been released on court bail until July 27, with conditions not to enter Uckfield and to remain at a specific address between 8pm and 6am daily.

The charge came during a weekend of action by police in Wealden aimed at tackling violence and knife-enabled crime in public spaces.

Officers engaged with numerous young people they saw out and about during the weekend, and highlighted the dangers of carrying knives.

They also conducted a 'weapon sweep' in some of the parks for any dangerous items that may have been left or discarded.

A couple of home-made weapons were found and seized, and Wealden's prevention teams will continue to target and monitor these areas in the coming weeks.

As part of the weekend of action, police also visited a number of business premises and reminded them of their obligations around the sale of knives.

This also included speaking and engaging with parents and carers who may have had concerns over what their young people are up to when out and about.

Sergeant Kara Tombling, of the Wealden Prevention Team, said: "What was really encouraging throughout the weekend of action was the level of support shown by the local community, which included opening communal gardens to give us ease of access.

"We are also grateful to the parents and carers who took the time to speak with us, and we were able to share reassurance and information that can help if they are concerned their young people are carrying knives or engaging in criminal activity.

"A lot of the young people we spoke to did understand the dangers of carrying knives, and understood the need to be safe when out and about.

"The activities we carried out over the weekend were productive and threw up some good results, including the seizing of a catapult with steel ball bearings from a man who then also voluntarily surrendered a large hunting knife from his home.

"Knife crime and violence are issues that greatly affect communities across Sussex, but working together really is the best way for us to tackle it.

"We will continue to respond to reports of violence and knife crime, and we encourage people to get in touch with us if they have any information regarding knife-related offences.

"This can be done online or by calling 101, or reports can be made anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
