```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Nine people arrested during our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers have now been convicted.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink-driver crashed into parked cars while more than twice the legal limit
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-crashed-into-parked-cars-while-more-than-twice-the-legal-limit/
publish:
  date: 14:20 13/01/2021
title: Drink-driver crashed into parked cars while more than twice the legal limit | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-crashed-into-parked-cars-while-more-than-twice-the-legal-limit/
```

A man who crashed into three parked cars while more than twice the drink-drive limit has been disqualified from driving.

Toby Poole was detained after police were called to the incident in Beach Road, Littlehampton, about 2am on 20 December.

The 27-year-old identified himself as the motorist responsible, and after failing a roadside breath test, he was charged with driving with 91mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system. The legal limit is 35mcg.

Poole, a chef, of Bushy Avenue, Rustington, appeared before Crawley Magistrates' Court on 12 January, where he was sentenced to a 12-month community order, requiring him to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work, and disqualified from driving for 40 months. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

He was among 212 arrests made in Sussex during our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers.

The campaign ran from 1 December 2020 to 1 January 2021 - with the aim to provide education and enforcement to motorists - and was run in addition to our routine roads policing activity, 365 days a year.

Of those arrested, nine have since been convicted in court. The remaining have either been charged, released under investigation or released without charge.

Here are the latest convictions:

 * Karlis Buks, 26, a shop employee, of East Park, Crawley, was arrested in Beehive Ring Road, Gatwick Airport, on 8 December and charged with driving with 103mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 8 January, he was disqualified from driving for 24 months. He was also ordered to pay a £500 fine, £85 costs and a £50 victim surcharge.

 * Thea Harrison-Roberts, 23, a shop employee, of Leylands Road, Burgess Hill, was arrested in Butlers Green Road, Haywards Heath, on 11 December and charged with driving with 45mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 January, she was disqualified from driving for 14 months. She was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Rebecca Sorrell, 27, a child carer, of London Road, East Grinstead, was arrested in Queens Road, East Grinstead, on 11 December and charged with driving with 72mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 January, she was disqualified from driving for 18 months. She was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Carla Rae, 30, a child carer, of Broadmead, Horley, Surrey, was arrested in Fry Close, Crawey, on 13 December and charged with driving with 51mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 January, she was disqualified from driving for 14 months. She was also ordered to pay a £346 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Joao De Sousa, 51, a cleaner, of Crowberry Close, Crawley, was arrested in Balcombe Road, Crawley, on 15 December and charged with driving with 51mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 12 January, he was disqualified from driving for 14 months. He was also ordered to pay a £290 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Carl Blackledge, 40, unemployed, of no fixed address, was arrested in Somerhill Avenue, Hove, on 17 December and charged with driving with 47mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 18 December, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Linda Heath, 55, an accountant, of The Boulevard, Worthing, was arrested on the A24 at Worthing on 19 December and charged with driving with 59mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 January, she was disqualified from driving for 16 months. She was also ordered to pay a £600 fine, £85 costs and a £60 victim surcharge.

 * Alister Kafumbe, 22, army personnel, from Crawley, was arrested in Crawley on 19 December and charged with driving with 41mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 January, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay a £230 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
