```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: We are looking for new recruits.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police launches latest recruitment drive for police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-launches-latest-recruitment-drive-for-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 17:55 06/08/2020
title: Sussex Police launches latest recruitment drive for police officers | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-launches-latest-recruitment-drive-for-police-officers/
```

Following the Home Office announcement that Sussex Police is on track to achieve its first year Government funded uplift targets, the force launches its latest recruitment drive for those who wish to become police officers through the police constable degree apprenticeship entry route.

Seeking those who have got what it takes to protect communities, catch criminals and deliver an outstanding service to victims, witnesses and the public; the officers recruited through this campaign will join training cohorts in 2021 and will commence a three-year programme where they will study for a degree in professional policing practice while undertaking their training.

Continuing to strengthen local policing numbers, these officers will make a real difference to communities across the county by giving Sussex residents what they want - a visible and proactive force which is tough on crime.

Chief Constable Jo Shiner said: "We're continuously looking to employ the right mix of police officers and police staff to deliver an effective, efficient and high quality policing service to the people of Sussex.

"This recruitment drive will continue to add numbers to our frontline and make a positive difference to the public and communities which we serve. Covid-19 has not stopped recruitment however we've had to adopt new recruitment approaches and intensive training programmes to ensure we could continue to get highly skilled officers onto the streets of Sussex.

"We are only as good as our people and, as an organisation, benefit from the variety of thinking, approaches and skills which diversity can bring; all of which helps us to deliver a better policing service. This is why we are especially encouraging those who may not have considered a career in policing before to find out more and apply to join us as a new officer."

As one of the first officers nationally to be funded by the Government's campaign to recruit new 20,000 officers, PC Emma Hatt joined Sussex, from Seaford, having worked with juvenile offenders in a residential unit in Tower Hamlets.

Emma joined the Brighton and Hove division in February 2020, just weeks before the country locked down. Having made a significant impact on her local community throughout the pandemic, now almost six months into the job, Emma is based in Eastbourne and is already on an attachment to investigations.

Emma said: "I joined Sussex Police because I wanted to have a career. There's so many different areas you can go into in policing it's very exciting to be able to go and help so many people. It's given me a career for life - if you are thinking about it, definitely go for it!"

Welcoming the recruitment news, Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "The opening of the police officer recruitment campaign is great news for Sussex residents and for Sussex Police as an organisation. It also provides a fantastic opportunity for anybody wanting a fulfilling and varied career.

"Local communities will be delighted at the prospect of even more officers joining the 126 that have already been recruited since January.

"I have applauded senior officers for continuing recruitment during the pandemic and putting extra boots on the ground when we needed them most.

"If you want to make a real positive difference to your local community then apply today."

If you have the judgment to make quick decisions, are confident to be the first person in, have the compassion and empathy to help those in need and the resilience to serve the community every single day; then being a police officer could be the career you've always dreamed of.

Recruitment will close on Wednesday 19 August and it is expected there will be a high volume of applications. Therefore apply now and help make a real difference to your community.
