```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Tyler Mighall has been jailed and disqualified from driving.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver who smashed into parked cars was over the limit for drink and drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/driver-who-smashed-into-parked-cars-was-over-the-limit-for-drink-and-drugs/
publish:
  date: 13:29 03/09/2020
title: Driver who smashed into parked cars was over the limit for drink and drugs | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/driver-who-smashed-into-parked-cars-was-over-the-limit-for-drink-and-drugs/
```

A dangerous driver who crashed into a number of parked cars while high on drink and drugs has been jailed.

Tyler Mighall was sentenced to 20 months' imprisonment following the incident in Brighton Road, Lancing, on 23 February.

About 1.25am that morning, officers on patrol noticed an Audi S5 travelling at speed and on the wrong side of the road. They pursued the vehicle and the driver turned off its headlights in an attempt to evade police.

It then collided with a traffic island and bollard, before crashing into three parked vehicles, causing extensive damage.

The driver ran from the scene but was swiftly detained by police and identified as Mighall, 21, unemployed, of Little High Street, Shoreham. He repeatedly refused to cooperate with a roadside test for drink and drugs.

He was transported to custody, where he provided a blood sample for drink and drugs, and was over the limit for both - he had 150mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood and 7mcg of cannabis per litre of blood in his system. The legal limits are 80mg of alcohol and 2mcg of cannabis respectively.

Mighall was subsequently charged with drink-driving, drug-driving, dangerous driving, failing to provide a specimen of breath for analysis, aggravated vehicle taking, failing to stop after a road traffic collision, driving with no insurance, and possession of cannabis.

At Lewes Crown Court on 18 August, he was jailed for a total of 20 months and disqualified from driving for 46 months. He was also ordered to pay a £146 victim surcharge.

You can report incidents of dangerous or antisocial driving to police via Operation Crackdown.
