```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Ryan Evans was detained with the help of Police Dog Polly.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Knife-wielding man who assaulted police officer is jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/knife-wielding-man-who-assaulted-police-officer-is-jailed/
publish:
  date: 13:03 14/01/2021
title: Knife-wielding man who assaulted police officer is jailed | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/knife-wielding-man-who-assaulted-police-officer-is-jailed/
```

A man who assaulted a police officer after being found in possession of a knife has been jailed.

Police responded to a report of a man wielding a knife in the vicinity of Gales Drive, Crawley, in the early hours of 10 December.

He was challenged by police and started to run, but was quickly detained by PC Claire Harrison and her dog, PD Polly.

PD Polly is a five-year-old German Shepherd-Malinois cross. She is a general purpose police dog trained in various disciplines including searching open ground or buildings for suspects, tracking suspects or missing people, and searching for discarded property.

After the suspect was detained, a six-inch kitchen knife was found beneath him, which was seized.

He was identified as Ryan Evans, 27, a scaffolder, of Lark Rise, Crawley.

Whilst being transported to a police vehicle, Evans attempted to headbutt officers, before kicking out at one of them, hitting him in the chest. No visible injuries were caused.

He was subsequently arrested and charged with possession of an offensive weapon in public and assaulting an emergency worker.

At Lewes Crown Court on 7 January, Evans was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment.

Chief Constable Jo Shiner said: "I do not accept that being assaulted is part of any police officer's job, and any such behaviour will not be tolerated.

"I believe an assault on a police officer or member of my police staff is an exceptional action against the rule of law and has a wider impact on policing as a whole. Violent attacks on our officers and staff can result in long-term injuries and sickness, directly reducing the amount of viable policing which consequently puts greater pressure on colleagues, increasing the risk of crime within communities.

"As Chief Constable, I am committed to providing my officers, staff and the communities of Sussex with the level of protection and safety that they deserve. Such behaviour and assaults on police officers and staff has a direct impact on my ability to do this.

"Every day across Sussex, officers and staff put themselves in harm's way to protect the public. They do this willingly, knowing the risks involved, because they are brave and dedicated public servants."
