```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He has more than 50 previous convictions.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific thief convicted of latest offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-thief-convicted-of-latest-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:49 23/12/2020
title: Prolific thief convicted of latest offences | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-thief-convicted-of-latest-offences/
```

A prolific thief has been convicted of interfering with vehicles in Broadbridge Heath.

A man was seen trying several car door handles in the Wickhurst Green area on the evening of Saturday 19 December.

The witness dialled 999, and officers arrived at the scene and arrested the suspect, who was identified as Chris Light, 42, unemployed, of Broadbridge Heath.

News of the arrest spread in the local area, which prompted several residents to come forward reporting their vehicle had been entered or tampered with. Nothing was reported stolen.

Light was subsequently charged with four counts of vehicle interference relating to the same evening, and was remanded in custody.

He appeared before Crawley Magistrates' Court on Monday 21 December, where he pleaded guilty to all offences and was given a 12-month community order, which includes an eight-week curfew with electronic monitoring.

During the next 12 months, he must also have treatment for drug dependency and must comply with any instructions to attend appointments as required.

Sergeant Sarah McManamon, of the Horsham Neighbourhood Prevention Team, said: "With 51 previous convictions for 104 offences, Light's criminal behaviour, which has extensively been theft or vehicle-related, has had a huge impact on residents who should rightly feel safe to live here. Thanks to their vigilance, we have been able to secure a community order against Light which includes an electronic tag for monitoring.

"While there is no excuse for committing such offences, we hope Light receives the support he needs to address his drug dependency and change his ways.

"I'd also like to urge people to take steps to prevent vehicle crime - lock it when it is not in use, don't leave anything of value on display or in the vehicle at all, and try to park in an area which is well lit or covered by CCTV."

You further advice on how to protect your vehicle, see our crime prevention page here.
