```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Sussex Police launches first ever fast-track detective development programme.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Could you uncover the truth?
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/could-you-uncover-the-truth/
publish:
  date: 12:16 06/01/2020
title: Could you uncover the truth? | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/could-you-uncover-the-truth/
```

Monday (6 January) sees the launch of Sussex Police's first fast-track detective development programme and the force is looking for degree holders who are tenacious, inquisitive and want to seek justice for victims of crime.

Being a detective is demanding, diverse and fulfilling. From cyber-crime, domestic abuse and child protection, through to homicide, high level drugs importation and serious organised crime; a detective helps solve some of the most serious crimes possible. Analysing the evidence, interviewing suspects, taking cases to court; it's about uncovering the truth.

Detective Chief Superintendent, Steve Boniface, Head of Crime for Sussex Police said: "As crime and technology evolves, our need for investigative roles is greater and more important than it's ever been. As a result we're investing in the recruitment and development of detectives and investigators across Sussex.

"We've taken significant steps internally to identify and promote the detectives of the future; however, we're also looking at new ways to bring those who are interested in investigations, yet may not have considered a policing career, into our organisation.

"Through this exciting and innovative development programme, those with degrees are able to undertake an intensive two-year learning approach, specialising in the investigative function, and work towards their detective accreditation. I'm delighted to launch this new entry route today and welcome applications from those who want to help make a difference, together."

The Fast Track Detective Development Programme is an innovative two-year practice based approach aimed at existing degree holders of any subject areas. Successful recruits will be employed as a police officer from day one, gaining valuable experience of the police officer role while studying towards their accreditation as a detective.

Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "I hope that this recruitment campaign will encourage a new group of diverse and brilliant individuals to help contribute to this vital area of policing.

"Detectives ensure effective investigations, identifying and pursuing criminals using cutting edge technology and traditional skills. All police forces - including Sussex - need to improve their solved rates to increase community confidence and protect our most vulnerable residents. Increasing the number of specialist trained officers will do much to achieve this.

"This is a great opportunity to make a real difference and there is no limit to where this career can take you."

If you're tenacious, inquisitive and observant; an excellent communicator, problem solver and able to gain the trust of those around you, but most importantly want to uncover the truth and get results for victim then this could be the opportunity for you. To apply, visit the website.
