```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Kleris Bregasi was convicted of possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eastbourne drug dealer jailed for 45 months
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/eastbourne-drug-dealer-jailed-for-45-months/
publish:
  date: 14:18 29/06/2020
title: Eastbourne drug dealer jailed for 45 months | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/eastbourne-drug-dealer-jailed-for-45-months/
```

A drug dealer has been jailed after being caught by police on patrol in Eastbourne.

Kleris Bregasi, 23, unemployed, of Bolsover Road, was sentenced to 45 months' imprisonment after being convicted of possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs.

Officers were on patrol in Eastbourne town centre on Saturday 16 May when they witnessed a man carry out a suspected drug transaction in Compton Street.

They lost track of the man but three days later, on Tuesday 19 May, police on patrol in Meads Road saw someone matching his description.

He was detained for a search under the Misuse of Drugs Act, and was found to have two bags containing white powder, a wrap of cannabis and £420 cash in his possession.

The man - now known to be Bregasi - was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs.

A search of his home address uncovered more drugs - cocaine and cannabis with an estimated street value of approximately £20,000 \- and more than £2,500 in cash.

Bregasi admitted the offences and was sentenced when he appeared at Lewes Crown Court on June 18.

Inspector Rachel Barrow of the Eastbourne prevention team said: "All the officers involved in this case worked hard to catch Bregasi, and to gather and present comprehensive evidence to the court.

"As a result, a man responsible for dealing harmful drugs in our community has been taken off the streets, and a large quantity of drugs have been seized.

"Sussex Police's priorities include protecting our communities, catching criminals and delivering an outstanding service to victims, witnesses and the public. This case has hit all three priorities.

"I would like to reassure those who have seen and reported drug dealing, that officers are proactively working on this problem and will do their very best to catch those responsible.

"We remain committed to tackling the increase in drug use and drug supply in Eastbourne, and we encourage people to continue reporting their concerns either direct to Sussex Police or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
