```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Bobby Smith and Daryl Richardson sentenced.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pair sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of man in Brighton street
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/pair-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-man-in-brighton-street/
publish:
  date: 13:10 19/11/2020
title: Pair sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of man in Brighton street | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/pair-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-man-in-brighton-street/
```

Two men have been sentenced for the murder of a young man who was attacked in a Brighton street and stabbed to death.

Muhammed Lamin Jassey, 26, was killed in Whitehawk Road on the afternoon of Sunday 5 April by a single stab wound to his chest.

Daryl Richardson, 26, of Cumberland Road, Portsmouth, and Bobby Smith, 22, of Coolham Drive, Brighton, were convicted of his murder at Brighton Crown Court on Wednesday 18 November.

On Thursday 19 November both were sentenced to life imprisonment. Smith was given a minimum term of 24 years and Richardson was given a minimum term of 25 years.

The court heard that the attack was witnessed by three people, and caught on CCTV. The victim's blood was found on clothing owned by both men, which had their DNA on. CCTV images showed Richardson and Smith together in the Lidl supermarket off Eastern Road, Brighton, minutes before the stabbing, wearing clothing identiifed as the same on which blood was later found.

See these shoes worn by Richardson, and the tracksuit bottoms worn by Smith.

Richardson admitted being at the scene and Smith denied being the second man caught on CCTV when Jassey was stabbed.

Detective Inspector Gareth Hicks of the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team said; "Our investigation showed that the defendants acting together killed Muhammed Jassey.

"CCTV showed two men in dark hooded tops were seen leaving the flats at nearby Kite Place West, and the incident then happened moments later on the opposite pavement in Whitehawk Road.

"Richardson was seen to pick something up from the ground, which evidence showed was Mr Jassey's mobile phone, and the two men ran back to Kite Place West.

See these CCTV excerpts showing the pair as they began their approach to Jassey, and again as they fled the scene immediately afterwards. Coverage of the attack and stabbing is not being released at the request of Muhammed's family.

"Officers quickly arrived at the scene and went to the flat where they arrested both men. The phone was found concealed in the flat and witness evidence was heard that Richardson had tried to smash it before hiding it.

"To this day we have no idea what the motive was for this vicious and unprovoked attack against a defenceless young man that took him from his family in the prime of his life."

See this smashed phone that belonged to Muhammed Jassey.

In a statement, Muhammed Jassey's family said; "Muhammed was a good son, our first born whose life was taken too soon.

"A kind, strong, handsome, funny, caring, loving person who always looked after people, he was also a brother, partner, father and part of a large and loving extended family. We are all devastated by his loss, we love him dearly and he will be missed every day.

"We ask that we are allowed continued privacy at this time to grieve over our tragic loss."
