```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Can you help identify this man?
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: E-fit released following attempted robbery in Emsworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/e-fit-released-following-attempted-robbery-in-emsworth/
publish:
  date: 16:38 08/03/2021
title: E-fit released following attempted robbery in Emsworth | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/e-fit-released-following-attempted-robbery-in-emsworth/
```

Sussex Police has released an e-fit image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an armed robbery in Westbourne, near Emsworth.

The incident took place at around 3pm on Tuesday (2 March) on Monks Hill in Westbourne. A man reported that while he was driving his Land Rover Defender, a white van flashed him and the occupants gestured for him to pull over.

A man approached the victim and said there was a problem at the rear of his vehicle. The suspect then opened the driver's door reaching for the keys, resulting in a scuffle between the victim and suspect. The second suspect tried to open the passenger door but it was locked. The victim managed to get the main suspect out his vehicle, shut the door and drive off.

It is believed the white van then headed south down Monks Hill and either carried on down North Street or turned east into Emsworth Common Road. The van is described as a medium-sized, Ford Transit-type van.

The main suspect was male, aged in his mid to late-20s and between 5'10" and 6' tall. He is of athletic build, with black hair, and was wearing a green jumper. The second suspect is described as being similar in appearance, but slightly taller, and was wearing a black top.

Investigator Neil Carter of Chichester CID said: "Unfortunately Land Rover Defenders continue to be a target for thieves, and with their production now ceased, the value of the vehicles is set to increase over the next few years.

"Thankfully the victim received no injuries, as knowing the value of his vehicle to thieves, he kept his wits about him and was able to defend himself and his property.

"I would warn anyone who owns one of these vehicles to be vigilant, especially when in the countryside. Please consider fitting an alarm and tracking device which will help in locating a vehicle if it is stolen."

Anyone who recognises the man in the e-fit or who has any other information which could assist the investigation, including relevant dash-cam, CCTV or doorbell cam footage, is asked to contact the police. They can report online or by calling 101 quoting serial 730 of 02/03.

Alternatively, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
