```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Stephen Wright-Hadley contacted over 300 victims.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man receives a 10-year Criminal Behaviour Order after persistently contacting women
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-receives-a-10-year-criminal-behaviour-order-for-persistently-contating-women-over-six-year-period/
publish:
  date: 16:20 01/06/2020
title: Man receives a 10-year Criminal Behaviour Order after persistently contacting women | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-receives-a-10-year-criminal-behaviour-order-for-persistently-contating-women-over-six-year-period/
```

A man has been sentenced for persistently contacting over three hundred women between the period of 2013 and 2019.

Stephen Wright-Hadley, 39, from Burgess Hill, appeared at Brighton Crown Court on Thursday, 14 May charged with causing a public nuisance.

Police launched an investigation in October 2018 after a report was received by a woman who had received a barrage of indecent phone calls over the last two years. As the investigation progressed, officers quickly discovered there was more than just one victim. In excess of over 300 victims are believed to have received such calls, with Wright-Hadley making nearly 2700 calls to these women over a period of seven years.

Following police analysis work, Wright-Hadley was identified as a suspect and a warrant was conducted on his home address on 18 December.

During the search officers seized around 500 mobile phones and other computer storage equipment and Wright-Hadley was arrested. In interview he denied the allegations and he was released on police bail, however at his request he was re-interviewed on 18 February and made admissions to the offences. Stephen Wright-Hadley was charged with causing a public nuisance on 18 February.

Wright-Hadley was sentenced to two-years in prison suspended for two years, 30 days of rehabilitation activity requirement, a six-month curfew and a 10-year criminal behaviour order (CBO).

The CBO prevents Wright-Hadley from:

 * Possessing or using more than one sim card and mobile phone/mobile device in any public place within England and Wales.
 * Deleting any history contacts, call logs, text messages or message history on communication applications.
 * Posing as any person other than himself during phone calls and messages to any women
 * Possessing or using any mobile phone unless he:
\- Immediately hands it over to the Police, unlocked, for inspection upon request, ----- Informs the Police within 24 hours of taking possession of the mobile phone of its IMEI number, SIM card number, phone number and any passcode used to access the phone.

Investigating officer DC Michael Wyborn said: "Wright-Hadley preyed on innocent women not known to him and showed little regard to the behaviour he was conducting.

"He believed he would be able to get away with his obscene behaviour and continued to make the lives of many women across the country a misery.

"Each of the victims we have been able to be identified have been supportive of the criminal investigation and I hope this sentencing goes some way to providing them with closure."
