```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: We are working closely with Adur and Worthing Councils.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Worthing police adopt a partnership approach to tackle anti-social behaviour in town centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/worthing-police-adopt-a-partnership-approach-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-town-centre/
publish:
  date: 15:07 15/05/2020
title: Worthing police adopt a partnership approach to tackle anti-social behaviour in town centre | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/worthing-police-adopt-a-partnership-approach-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-town-centre/
```

Adur and Worthing police have joined forces with partner agencies to tackle to recent spate of anti-social behaviour.

Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter said: "We are aware of anti-social behaviour being carried out by a small minority of people across the town centre.

"We understand the impact this behaviour can have on the community and local businesses and the continuation of this behaviour will not be tolerated.

"Alongside our partners, we want to robustly tackle this matter and we will enforce our police powers around anti-social behaviour, including drinking in the street, if necessary."

A spokesperson from Adur and Worthing Councils added: "Following the Government's direction to all local authorities that accommodation during the period of the coronavirus pandemic should be given to those without, Adur and Worthing Council have worked with various establishments within its area to accommodate those without current accommodation.

"All those accommodated are receiving relevant support, including assistance to ensure they can abide with social distancing rules.

"The councils have and will continue, to take appropriate action where anyone it has placed in temporary accommodation engages in ASB. The councils continue to work with everyone in temporary accommodation to find suitable and permanent accommodation."

Police have issued a section 34 dispersal order covering Worthing town centre, including Steyne Gardens, which will be in place until Friday evening, when it will be reissued until Sunday evening.

Dispersal orders are in place for 48hours at a time and further orders, after the weekend, will be put in place if necessary.

The dispersal power will enable officers and PCSOs to direct a person who has committed, or is likely to commit, anti-social behaviour, crime or disorder to leave a specified area and not return for a specified period of up to 48 hours.

CI Leadbeatter added: "We have increased our presence within this area to prioritise offences which cause the greatest harm to victims and communities.

"Our officers will be out patrolling and engaging with this small minority about the dispersal order and the current government guidance around the coronavirus. Officers will engage, explain and encourage and only if absolutely necessary, enforce

"We want to reassure the public that solving these issues remains a priority for us and we will continue to monitor reports regarding this behaviour.

"We would encourage members of the public to report matters of anti-social behaviour to us, either online or call 101, to ensure we have a clear picture of what is happening and have the opportunity to act."
