```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The Four Streets Project will spend the money on supplies.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police donates &#163;500 to Chichester homeless charity
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-donates-500-to-chichester-homeless-charity/
publish:
  date: 15:47 22/12/2020
title: Sussex Police donates &#163;500 to Chichester homeless charity | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-donates-500-to-chichester-homeless-charity/
```

Sussex Police has donated £500 to homeless charity The Four Streets Project to spend on supplies to support their ongoing work.

The project provides evening meals, seven days a week, 365 days a year, to any member of the homeless community in Chichester and it is run by a group of around 35 local volunteers.

The project is about to embark on a winter spending plan to make sure that vulnerable people have warm clothing such as coats and boots as well as food, water and other items of need. Volunteers also signpost people to agencies who are able to offer further support such as Stonepillow and the Outreach team at Chichester District Council.

The Four Streets Project was founded in January 2017 by Donna Ockenden and her daughters Caiti and Phoebe.

Donna said: "Thank you to Sussex Police for applying for the funding, this time of year is particularly challenging.

"The money will be put towards keeping people warm, dry and fed. This year has been really tough during the Covid-19 pandemic and we are so grateful to all the volunteers, residents and local businesses who continue to support us"

You can find out more about the charity and how to support them by visiting their website here.

The Police Property Act Fund is a pot of money made up from the sale of found property and from property confiscated by order of the court, and then sold.

The donation was requested by officers who work as part of Operation Manner. Operation Manner is a policing initiative currently running across Arun and Chichester whereby officers seek to engage and support members of the street communities with the aim of reducing offending, protecting vulnerable people and identifying safeguarding opportunities all while working closely with partner agencies.
