```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal after woman is robbed in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/witness-appeal-after-woman-is-robbed-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 11:25 11/11/2020
title: Witness appeal after woman is robbed in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/witness-appeal-after-woman-is-robbed-in-worthing/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was robbed in Worthing.

On Friday (November 6), the 18-year-old victim was with a friend when she withdrew money from the Tesco cashpoint at the southern end of South Farm Road around 7.30pm.

The pair then walked west along Tarring Road towards West Worthing railway station, where they noticed they were being followed by a man.

The victim and her friend continued walking, turning into South Street where they had to wait at the railway crossing.

While waiting on a bench, the same man who had been following them approached them and took a burgundy rucksack belonging to the victim.

The victim chased the man, who headed east back along Tarring Road where he got into the passenger seat of a blue Fiat Punto. The car then made off at speed, heading east towards Worthing town centre.

The victim and her friend were not harmed but were both shaken by the incident.

The man is described as white, slim, 6' tall with an athletic build. He was wearing a grey hooded jumper with the hood up and a blue medical face covering.

Police investigating the matter would like to hear from anyone who saw what happened, or who may have any relevant CCTV or dash cam footage from the area at that time.

They are particularly keen to speak to a taxi driver who is thought to have witnessed the incident.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police online or by calling 101 quoting serial 1369 of 06/11. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

A 31-year-old man and a 32-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of robbery. The woman was also arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
