```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Items reported stolen from East Sussex have been recovered.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rother officers support significant operation led by Met Police in London
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/rother-officers-support-significant-operation-lead-by-met-police-in-london/
publish:
  date: 11:14 10/09/2020
title: Rother officers support significant operation led by Met Police in London | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/rother-officers-support-significant-operation-lead-by-met-police-in-london/
```

Officers from Sussex Police were involved in a significant operation led by Metropolitan Police in London.

Warrants under section 46 of the Firearms Act 1968 and under section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 were executed at Star Lane, Orpington, Bromley, in the early hours of Wednesday (September 9).

The warrants followed extensive work carried out by the Met, supported by officers from the Rother prevention team in East Sussex.

This identified a series of crimes believed to have been carried out by suspects linked to this location, including a number of crimes that took place in Rother and its neighbouring rural areas.

Over the course of several months, a package of evidence was developed around the suspects at the centre of the investigation, culminating in the warrants being executed around 2.45am on Wednesday.

Hundreds of officers in more than 30 vehicles carried out a number of search warrants at the site. The operation involved highly-trained Counter Terrorism Specialist Firearms Officers, teams from the Territorial Support Group, Dog Support Unit and specialist search officers.

Sussex Police's Prevention Enforcement Team has also been on site assisting with the searches, which are ongoing.

Seven people have been arrested for offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, handling stolen goods and burglary.

Inspector Jonathan Hartley of the Rother prevention team, said: "This was a significant operation following many months of hard work by the Met Police and our officers here in Sussex.

"Searches have already identified a number of items reported as stolen from Rother, and we will continue liaising with the Met to investigate all of the findings from the operation.

"This shows we will always target those we suspect of committing crimes in our district, wherever they reside, and will work with other forces to address any cross-border criminality and find those responsible for it.

"I'm very grateful to the Met for their support in tackling cross-border crime."
