```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A 48-hour dispersal order has been issued in the town centre.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police take a proactive response to tackle anti-social behaviour in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-take-a-proactive-response-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 12:28 18/08/2020
title: Police take a proactive response to tackle anti-social behaviour in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-take-a-proactive-response-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-worthing/
```

Police in Worthing remain committed to tackling anti-social behaviour and disorder in the town.

Officers are aware of a small minority of people conducting anti-social behaviour, including drinking in the street, and a section 34 dispersal order has been issued for Worthing town centre.

Adur and Worthing Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter explained: "We are aware of comments being made on social media regarding a small minority of members of the public causing concern.

"The behaviour they are displaying can be disruptive to the community and we understand the difficulties they are causing.

"We are aware of reports coming to us both through our channels but also through social media platforms. We urge anyone who has been a witness or victim of this crime to make contact with us directly to ensure the relevant policing action is taken.

"We cannot take reports of criminal or disorder offences on social media and we need people to continue to report matters of ASB to us via our online reporting form or by calling 101.

"These reports allow us to build a better picture of the problems being caused within the communities and ensure the relevant action is being taken in a bid to prevent this behaviour from re-occurring.

"We are working closely with partner agencies, including the county council and housing agencies, to ensure we are all robustly tackling this matter and we will enforce our police powers around ASB, including drinking in the street, if necessary. Some of these powers include increasing uniformed patrols in the affected areas, dispersal orders and arrests of the perpetrators if required."

A 48-hour dispersal order has been issued in the town centre which enables officers and PCSOs to direct a person who has committed, or is likely to commit, anti-social behaviour, crime or disorder to leave a specified areas and not return for a specified period.

The areas included are from West Street in the west to Ham Road in the east and Union Place in the north, the beach and main pedestrian areas, Liverpool Gardens and Steyne Gardens.

CI Leadbeatter added: "Our officers will be out patrolling and engaging with this small minority about the dispersal order and will engage, explain and encourage and only if absolutely necessary, enforce.

"The order will be in place for 48-hours, however future orders will be issued if it is deemed the relevant action to take. We are committed to tackling ASB and will utilise our police powers to deter this behaviour from continuing.

"If you witnesses ASB or people causing disorder we urge you to make contact with us and to report all of the relevant information to assist any future police investigations. You can also use the Street Link App, an outreach service which can provide support to those members of the community who are sleeping rough.

"Let's work together and tackle this behaviour to ensure the disruption to the community is prevented."
