```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Tributes to Sean Preston and Doug Franks.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes following deaths of two serving Sussex Police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sad-deaths-of-two-serving-sussex-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 15:35 14/02/2021
title: Tributes following deaths of two serving Sussex Police officers | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sad-deaths-of-two-serving-sussex-police-officers/
```

It has been a sad week for Sussex Police with the passing of two much-loved and respected police officers.

PC Doug Franks, 43, (right in picture) who served as a member of the Bognor Response team, died suddenly at his home in Lee-on-the-Solent on 10 February. He leaves a son.

Sgt Sean Preston, 50, (left in picture) a custody sergeant in Worthing, died on 12 February. He had been working from home for several months and was admitted to hospital in January after contracting Covid-19. He leaves his partner, children and grandchildren.

Chief Constable Jo Shiner said: "It has been a very sad week for Sussex Police with the untimely passing of two of our police family. My thoughts are with Doug and Sean's families, friends and colleagues.

"Doug was a much-liked and well-respected colleague, who fulfilled his ambition to be a police officer when he joined Sussex Police in July 2019. He was proud to achieve independent patrol status a year ago and served to keep people in Sussex safe.

"A popular colleague, he was devoted to his son and his career. He joined the force after working as a financial investigator with the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit, where he built strong friendships and was known for his infectious enthusiasm.

"Sean was a highly respected and experienced officer working in a number of roles within the service, including Neighbourhood Sergeant at Gatwick Airport and Custody Officer at Worthing and Brighton. Sean was a huge character with a great sense of humour. He was loved by everyone he worked with and devoted to his family.

"They will both be missed by all who knew them and I am proud that they were able to serve the local community with passion, pride and commitment."
