```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: It follows concerns raised by communities across Sussex.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'VIDEO: Motorcyclists reminded dangerous or antisocial riding will not be tolerated'
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/motorcyclists-reminded-dangerous-or-antisocial-riding-will-not-be-tolerated/
publish:
  date: 13:36 29/03/2021
title: 'VIDEO: Motorcyclists reminded dangerous or antisocial riding will not be tolerated | Sussex Police'
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/motorcyclists-reminded-dangerous-or-antisocial-riding-will-not-be-tolerated/
```

This shocking footage shows the significant risks associated with antisocial riding.

It has been re-released as we remind motorcyclists: we welcome careful and considerate riding, but we will deal robustly with anyone who compromises road safety.

Police provide education, engagement and enforcement to _all_ motorists 365 days a year, and the vast majority of road users travel safely and competently.

But with the warmer weather and the easing of lockdown restrictions likely to lead to more traffic on our roads, officers are urging bikers in particular to stay safe.

Motorcyclists represent almost a quarter of all fatal and serious injury collisions - despite making up only five per cent of vehicles on our roads.

Our message also follows concerns raised by communities across Surrey and Sussex of speeding, excess noise, and antisocial riding and driving, with some residents so fed up they are considering selling their homes.

We are continuing to address these issues by working with communities, and partners including local authorities, charities and the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "It would appear a number of riders have no regard not only for their own safety, but for those they endanger too.

"They also seem to have left their common sense at home whilst forgetting how their loved ones would feel if they hurt themselves or someone else by the stupidity of their selfish riding."

We're also urging the public to share our social media messaging over the next three weeks, which will encourage motorcyclists to enjoy the ride responsibly, considerately and safely.

One experienced rider from Sussex, who did not wish to be identified, has pleaded with his fellow riders to work with the police; not against them.

"If you continue to do what you're doing, speeding through towns and villages and taking unnecessary risks, it will result in more and more police intervention," he said. "You could also kill yourself or someone else. It only takes a minor lapse in concentration or something unavoidable, like a cat running out in the road, for a serious incident to happen.

"Speed kills, and while we don't want to tar all riders with the same brush, it is important for everyone to understand the risks. We are far more vulnerable than most road users, and the stats prove that.

"It's also important for communities to recognise that not all bikers ride dangerously or antisocially.

"Ultimately, we all need to work together. Stick to the speed limits, and drive or ride safely and responsibly. Don't give your loved ones a reason to attend another funeral."

We will also be supporting the National Police Chiefs' Council's annual two-wheeled campaign - aimed to reduce the number of collisions involving motorcyclists through education and enforcement - from Tuesday 6 April to Sunday 18 April.

For advice on riding safely, visit the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership website.

To report an incident of dangerous or antisocial driving or riding, visit the Operation Crackdown website.

 * The above footage was captured as a group of motorcyclists travelled between Kent and Sussex in April 2019. It led to three individuals being convicted of dangerous driving.
