```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Catalytic converter thefts can be reduced.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Scheme to prevent car exhaust thefts in East Grinstead
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/scheme-to-prevent-car-exhaust-thefts-in-east-grinstead/
publish:
  date: 10:42 10/02/2021
title: Scheme to prevent car exhaust thefts in East Grinstead | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/scheme-to-prevent-car-exhaust-thefts-in-east-grinstead/
```

Car owners in East Grinstead are being offered a free means of protecting their vehicles from theft of exhaust catalytic converters.

Now local police have acquired a supply of special marking kits and local exhaust fitters Kwik Fit have offered to fit them for free.

Inspector Darren Taylor said; "This is another initiative in tackling crime in Mid Sussex. A massive thank you to Kwik Fit for supporting this project and hopefully with owners of these particular make of vehicles taking up this offer we can reduce theft of catalytic converters within East Grinstead.

"Criminals appear to target specific vehicles, typically Toyota Prius and Honda Jazz, and we believe they are selling the catalytic converters on for anything between £150-£450, so it's clearly very lucrative for them. 11 have been stolen in this area in the past six months.

"It costs hundreds of pounds more for victims to repair their vehicles, but it's not just about the financial implications. It can also lead to stress and anxiety, and it can be a huge inconvenience for someone who uses their car regularly.

"Officers across Sussex and elsewhere are being vigilant, and arrests have been made, but it is vital that we then link recovered items with specific cars to prove they were stolen. We have now secured a supply of special marking kits which ensure that recovered items can be linked up in this way.

East Grinstead residents who own a Toyota Prius or a Honda Jazz can request a Catalytic Converter Marking Kit from the Mid Sussex Policing Team, who will drop it off to them at their home address.

You can drop the Mid Sussex Policing Team an email at midsussex@sussex.pnn.police.uk or pop into the East Grinstead Police Station front office. All you need to produce is your log book which confirms you are the owner of the vehicle.

"Then all you have to do is book a free appointment with the Kwik Fit branch in East Grinstead to have the marking kit fitted to their catalytic converter. There is a sticker which can be displayed in your car window, warning would be thieves that the vehicle's catalytic converter has been fitted with the kit and is now registered on the database.

"But you should still also take other precautions - park in a garage or secure compound, or in a busy, well-lit area wherever possible. Install security lights or cameras. Consider locks or guards to protect your vehicle.

"Be vigilant - take photos, record information such as the offenders' registrations plate, and if you see a crime in action, and report it to police. Think twice if you see someone working under a car, particularly in a secluded spot. And be mindful of items such as these being sold to scrap metal merchants.

"There may often be three suspects - one person to remove the converter, a second on lookout, and a third in a get-away car. Members of the public can be key witnesses to these thefts, and anyone who sees a crime in action is urged to report it to police immediately, as the offenders could be gone in a matter of minutes.

Further measures on how to protect your car from thieves can also be found on the Sussex Police website.

Theft of catalytic converters has been on the increase across the whole of the South East, and forces are working together to combat this type of crime. More than 300 incidents were reported in Sussex last year - an increase of some 90 per cent from 2019 - with a combined total loss to vehicle owners of around £250,000.

Anyone who has been a victim of a catalytic converter theft, or who may have any other information including relevant CCTV, doorbell or dash cam footage, is asked to contact police. This can be done either online or by calling 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency.
