```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police were at Brighton station on Friday (28 August).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made and knives seized in Brighton day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/six-arrests-and-three-knives-seized-in-brighton-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 10:48 03/09/2020
title: Arrests made and knives seized in Brighton day of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/six-arrests-and-three-knives-seized-in-brighton-day-of-action/
```

Police made six arrests and seized three knives in Brighton on Friday (28 August).

Officers were carrying out stop and searches and using knife arches at Brighton station. This was part of a day of action targeting knife crime and violence by preventing harmful items coming into the city.

Nathan Hogg, 18, from Eastbourne, was arrested and charged with possession of a bladed article in a public place after being stopped and searched at Brighton station. He has been bailed to appear in court in November.

Jordan Thompson, 27, from Crawley, was charged with theft after being stopped and arrested at Brighton station. He was wanted in connection with the theft of a knife and ammonia from a shop in Worthing on 24 August. He has been bailed to appear in court in November.

A 16-year-old boy from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs after drugs were seized during a stop and search. He has been bailed while enquiries are ongoing.

A second 16-year-old boy from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply after drugs were seized during a search. He has been bailed while enquiries are ongoing.

A 33-year-old man from Hove was arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class A drug after being found in possession of a small amount of white powder at Brighton station. He has been cautioned.

A 17-year-old boy from Worthing was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the supply of a Class A drug. He has been released without charge.

Officers also conducted a safety sweep of several locations in Brighton on Sunday 30 September using the Sussex Community Search Team and removed harmful items from the streets including two knives.

Inspector Lawrence McAndrew said: "Members of the public may have noticed the knife arches we set up at Brighton station as part of our day of action. Our priority is keeping the public safe and stopping harmful items from coming into our city.

"Carrying a knife puts you and others around you at increased risk. It's a huge misconception that carrying a knife makes you safer - it actually puts you at more risk of coming to harm.

"We are committed to locating dangerous items and removing them from our communities.

"Anyone with information about knife crime is asked to report online or call 101. You can report anonymously to fearless.org."
