```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Items found included chainsaws, lawn mowers, trimmers, leaf blowers, an industrial wood chipper, a tractor, quad bike, mini digger, caravan and a trailer.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dozens of stolen tools and machines recovered during search warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/dozens-of-stolen-tools-and-machines-recovered-during-search-warrant/
publish:
  date: 11:16 10/11/2020
title: Dozens of stolen tools and machines recovered during search warrant | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/dozens-of-stolen-tools-and-machines-recovered-during-search-warrant/
```

More than 50 stolen tools and machines were recovered after police executed a warrant in Wealden.

Officers from the Prevention Enforcement Team (PET) executed the warrant at a property in Cross-in-Hand on Tuesday, October 27 as part of an ongoing focus to tackle those responsible for burglary in rural areas.

At the address, dozens of suspected stolen items were found including chainsaws, lawn mowers, trimmers, leaf blowers and an industrial wood chipper. A tractor, quad bike, mini digger, caravan and a trailer were also recovered.

A number of the items have already been matched to reports of crime and their rightful owners have been contacted. Enquiries are ongoing to establish who the other items belong to.

DCI Alasdair Henry, Wealden district commander, said: "This warrant is the culmination of extensive work by officers investigating burglaries and thefts of tools and machinery from farms in the rural areas of north Wealden as part of Operation Atlanta.

"This operation has helped us develop intelligence on criminals operating across Sussex and the wider south east region.

"Thefts of power tools and machinery such as this have a devastating financial and emotional impact on victims as it often affects their jobs and livelihoods.

"To recover more than 50 tools and machinery was a fantastic result and we are in touch with many of the rightful owners to get these items returned to them in due course.

"Our work continues now to find those people responsible for these crimes and hold them accountable for their actions."

Anyone who recognises any of the items pictured, or who may have any other information that could help with the investigation, is asked to contact police online or by calling 101 quoting serial 247 of 27/10.

Members of the public are encouraged to continue reporting crime and suspicious behaviour to police, so officers can build a picture of crime in the area and respond effectively.

People are also urged to take photographs and note down details and serial numbers of their high-value items.

Visit our website for more information on how to keep your outbuildings secure and to seek free crime prevention surveys.
