```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Do you recognise the man in this picture?
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal for witnesses to attempted rape in Crawley
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-rape-in-crawley/
publish:
  date: 20:09 10/03/2021
title: Police appeal for witnesses to attempted rape in Crawley | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-rape-in-crawley/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following the attempt rape of a 17-year-old girl in Crawley.

Between 7pm and 7.15pm on Tuesday (March 9), the teenager was walking her dog along the pathway from Overdene Drive towards the tunnel that runs underneath the A23 and follows on to Quantock Close.

The teenager turned around before the end of the tunnel and walked back along the path to Overdene Drive. As she did so, she crossed paths with a man who grabbed her and attempted to rape her.

The victim was able to break free and shout for help, causing the man to flee the scene in the direction of the tunnel. The victim is being supported by specialist officers.

The man was described as white, in his late teens to late 30s, 5' 9" to 5' 10" with dark eyes, short dark coloured hair and short dark stubble. He spoke with an eastern European accent and was wearing dark clothing.

Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Allana Hughes said: "We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the sexual assault or any suspicious behaviour at this location around the time of the incident to make contact with us.

"We would particularly like to hear from people who were in Quantock Close, The Dingle or surrounding roads around this time or anyone who may have dashcam, ring doorbell or CCTV footage which might have captured the man fleeing the scene.

"We have increased our patrols in the area and have been conducting areas searches alongside investigating any potential lines of enquiry.

"Please come forward to us with any information which you think could help our investigation, no matter how small."

Information can be passed to Sussex Police online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Stockbridge. Alternatively, people can get in touch anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers either online or on 0800 555 111.
