```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He must comply with a number of provisions for two years.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Persistent offender Tobi Chipper given Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/persistent-offender-tobi-chipper-given-criminal-behaviour-order/
publish:
  date: 14:27 04/02/2021
title: Persistent offender Tobi Chipper given Criminal Behaviour Order | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/persistent-offender-tobi-chipper-given-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

A persistent offender from Worthing has been given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order.

Over the past few years, Tobi Chipper has been convicted of burglary, theft, handling stolen goods, possession of cannabis, possession of an offensive weapon and making off without payment.

This is in addition to multiple motoring offences including driving while uninsured, driving without a licence, driving without due care and attention, taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and failing to stop for police.

Police applied for a Criminal Behaviour Order against Chipper, 22, unemployed, of Mardale Road, Durrington, in a bid to curb his offending. The application was granted by Worthing Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 2 February.

It prohibits him from the following for a period of 24 months:

 * Associating with anyone under the age of 18, except for family members or inadvertent contact;
 * Acting or inciting others to act in an antisocial manner, that is to say, a manner that causes or is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress, to one or more persons not of the same household;
 * Being found in or on a vehicle, for which you are not the registered keeper, exemptions being public transport, or being in the company of the registered owner of the vehicle.

Failing to comply with these provisions will lead to a further offence being committed which could result in imprisonment.

Sergeant Michelle Palmer-Harris, of the Adur, Worthing and Horsham Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We are pleased to have obtained this Criminal Behaviour Order for Tobi Chipper.

"Chipper has been causing antisocial behaviour for a long period of time in the West Sussex area. Hopefully this order will prevent him from further offending and will lead to a reduction of vehicle crime in the Worthing area."
