```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Ryan Gleeson died when his car left the road near Steyning.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family and friends tribute to Xmas Eve crash victim
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/family-and-friends-tribute-to-xmas-eve-crash-victim/
publish:
  date: 16:06 11/01/2021
title: Family and friends tribute to Xmas Eve crash victim | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/family-and-friends-tribute-to-xmas-eve-crash-victim/
```

Family and friends have released heartfelt tributes to a driver who died in a West Sussex road crash on Christmas Eve.

Ryan Gleeson, 21, of Millthorpe Road, Horsham, died when his car left the road on the A283 Washington Road at Steyning, close to Wiston House, on Christmas Eve night (Thursday 24 December).

Emergency services were called at 10.40pm after Ryan's silver BMW which had been travelling west, had left the road and collided with a tree. Despite the efforts of the responders, he tragically died at the scene. No other vehicle or person is known to have been involved.

Ryan's girlfriend Jade and his football buddies, speaking also on behalf of his family, have paid this tribute to him;

"Ryan, also known as Dora, had many hobbies and activities in his spare time. He played football for TCPFC in the BBH 5-a-side league twice a week, a side now renamed Gleeson FC in his memory.

See this photo of newly named Gleeson FC.

"Ryan was a real pleasure to have on the team. From the first game he played they knew he was golden, from the smiles and the noises he made on and off the pitch which made a huge impact on the team, from always smelling of Deep Heat in which he smothered himself in before and after games.

"We have decided to throw a fundraising football match in Ryan's name in the new year to help raise money for his family, where all his friends and some of his family will be playing in his memory.

"He loved his cars especially his Saxo that he named Sally, spending many hours with close friends working to make her perfect to the Ryan high standard as he used to call it. Money raised by the match will be used to help finish work on Sally.

"Even when he was at school while he always did his work he also had a good laugh with everyone. Once he went to sit down on a chair and some other kid in the class had taken the bolts out of the chair and he fell on his bottom and just looked so confused but he couldn't stop laughing after he had worked out why he had fallen.

"Many words have been used to sum up Ryan as a person - happy, funny, selfless, kind, always there when you needed him, descriptions that show how amazing and loved he was by his friends.

"He will be sadly missed by all his family and friends."

A go fund page has been set up to help Ryan's partner and family with funeral arrangements and to raise money to finish his Saxo.

Anyone who saw what happened and who has not already spoken to the police, is asked to email collision.appeal@sussex.pnn.police.uk‬ or ring 101, quoting Operation Finchley.

His family have asked not to be contacted at this time so that they may continue to grieve privately.
