```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Day focused on tackling knife-related crime.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested and two weapons seized in Rother day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-arrested-and-two-weapons-seized-in-rother-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 14:18 21/08/2020
title: Two arrested and two weapons seized in Rother day of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-arrested-and-two-weapons-seized-in-rother-day-of-action/
```

Police made two arrests and seized two weapons in a day of action in Rother.

Officers spent their shift on Friday (August 14) with a specific focus on tackling knife-related crime and anti-social behaviour in the district.

It was one of a number of days of action across Sussex using Home Office funding dedicated to tackling knife crime and serious violence.

The first call of the shift saw officers deployed to assist Police Community Support Officers (PCSO) in Bexhill. While trying to help an elderly and vulnerable man, the PCSOs were faced with a group of young people being disruptive.

The officers recognised one of the young people as being the subject of a Community Protection Notice (CPN). The CPN, issued in May 2020 as a result of the boy making threats towards police officers and their households, banned him from entering a designated area in and around Sidley.

The boy was seen getting into a vehicle, and then being dropped off in Ninfield Road - an area within the exclusion zone of his CPN.

He was arrested on suspicion of failing to comply with a Community Protection Notice, breaking a bail condition, and being concerned in the supply of a Class B drug (cannabis).

The 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has since been charged with breach of bail conditions.

The driver of the vehicle transporting the boy was also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a Class B drug (cannabis).

A search of the driver's address later found a quantity of Class A and Class C drugs, as well as a lock knife and a knuckle duster. All items were seized. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Plain-clothed officers continued their patrols in areas of Sidley and Egerton Park, engaging with members of the community and highlighting the dangers of carrying knives.

Inspector Jonathan Hartley, of the Hastings and Rother prevention team, said: "This was a really positive day of action, with plenty of community engagement, two weapons seized and two people arrested.

"Knife crime and violence are issues that affect communities across Sussex and we will continue working to tackle this.

"We encourage people to get in touch with us if they have any information regarding knife-related offences. This can be done online or by calling 101, or reports can be made anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
