```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The defendant was stopped after driving in the dark with no lights on.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink-driving home for Christmas leads to three-year ban
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driving-home-for-christmas-leads-to-three-year-ban/
publish:
  date: 08:16 19/03/2021
title: Drink-driving home for Christmas leads to three-year ban | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driving-home-for-christmas-leads-to-three-year-ban/
```

A man spent Christmas Day in custody after ho-ho-hoping to deliver his children's presents while drink-driving.

Driving in the dark without any lights on wasn't the brightest idea by Sean Wooldridge, of Linden Road, Bognor Regis.

It caught the attention of officers on patrol on the A259 at Rustington, who stopped and spoke to the defendant about 10pm on Christmas Eve.

The 37-year-old salesperson confessed to having had two pints of beer before getting behind the wheel - a decision he was soon to regret. He also had several wrapped presents in the car, which he said he was hoping to deliver to his children in time for Christmas.

A roadside breath test revealed he had 46mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system. The legal limit is 35mcg.

He was subsequently arrested and charged, and pleaded guilty to the offence. At Worthing Magistrates' Court on 9 March, he was disqualified from driving for three years. He was also fined £120, and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

Wooldridge was among 212 people arrested in Sussex during our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers, which ran from 1 December 2020 to 1 January 2021.

This dedicated operation - aimed to provide education and enforcement to motorists - was run in addition to our routine roads policing activity, 365 days a year.

Of those arrested, 42 have since been convicted in court. The remaining have either been charged, released under investigation or released without charge.

Here are the latest convictions:

 * Diana Hughes, 39, unemployed, of Somerhill Avenue, Hove, was arrested in Stapley Road, Brighton, on 4 December, and charged with failing to provide a specimen of blood for analysis, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance.
At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 19 February, she was disqualified from driving for 12 months and given a 12-month community order. She was also ordered to pay a £150 fine, £50 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

 * Daniel Rutherford, 42, a builder, of Elm Park, Ferring, was arrested on the A280 at Findon on 17 December and charged with driving with 92mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.
At Worthing Magistrates' Court on 2 March, he was disqualified from driving for 22 months. He was also ordered to pay a £500 fine, £85 costs and a £50 victim surcharge.

 * Ketan Shah, 50, a care assistant, of Headstone Lane, Harrow, was arrested on the A27 at Lewes on 18 December and charged with driving with 58mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.
At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 18 February, he was disqualified from driving for 14 months. He was also ordered to pay a £584 fine, £85 costs and a £58 victim surcharge.

 * Ashley Whybra, 39, a production controller of Springfields, Ticehurst, was arrested in Sheepstreet Lane, Etchingham, on 27 December and charged with driving with 63mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.
At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 17 February, he was disqualified from driving for 18 months. He was also ordered to pay a £576 fine, £85 costs and a £58 victim surcharge.

 * Joe Mohammed, 38, a refuse worker, of Redwell Avenue, Bexhill, was arrested on the A259 at St Leonards on 1 January, and charged with driving with 55mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system and possession of cocaine.
At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 17 February, he was disqualified from driving for 16 months. He was also ordered to pay a £220 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
