```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A pedestrian sustained serious injuries.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver disqualified following Three Bridges hit-and-run
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/driver-disqualified-following-three-bridge-hit-and-run/
publish:
  date: 15:09 17/02/2021
title: Driver disqualified following Three Bridges hit-and-run | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/driver-disqualified-following-three-bridge-hit-and-run/
```

A motorist has been disqualified from driving following a hit-and-run in Crawley.

A 29-year-old local man was crossing Haslett Avenue East, in Three Bridges, about 6.10pm on 27 May, 2020, when he was struck by a white Audi A3 which failed to stop at the scene.

He was knocked unconscious and taken to hospital, where he was treated for serious injuries.

The Audi was later found abandoned in Wilmington Close, but the registered owner could not be traced.

However, the following day, he attended Crawley Police Station to hand himself in. He was identified as Haroon Chaudhary, a computer operator, of Faulkner Close, Crawley.

The 24-year-old was subsequently arrested and charged with driving without due care and attention, and failing to stop after a road traffic collision.

He pleaded guilty to both offences, and at Crawley Magistrates' Court on 3 February, he was given a 12-month community order, requiring him to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.

He was also disqualified from driving for 12 months, and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Investigating officer, Sergeant Stacey Ellott, of the Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "It is so important that drivers pay full attention when out on the road, as it only takes a momentary lapse in concentration, one poor decision, or even something unavoidable to cause a collision.

"Careless driving is one of the five most common causes of fatal and serious injuries on our roads, along with speeding, drink/drug-driving, mobile phone use and not wearing a seatbelt. These are referred to as the 'fatal five' offences for a reason.

"The victim in this case is extremely fortunate not to have been killed, and I hope everyone can learn from this incident - drive safely; it could save a life."
