```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Christoper Cooper was placed at the scene by DNA found on a face mask.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for attempting to rape a woman in Southwater
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-sentenced-for-attempting-to-rape-a-woman-in-southwater/
publish:
  date: 14:17 18/03/2021
title: Man sentenced for attempting to rape a woman in Southwater | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-sentenced-for-attempting-to-rape-a-woman-in-southwater/
```

A man has been sentenced to nine years' imprisonment after attempting to rape a woman in Southwater.

Around 7.20am on October 27, 2020, a woman had been running along Downs Link when she was passed by an unknown man on a bicycle.

The man stopped and propped his bike up against the wall before standing and looking at his phone. As the woman ran past him, he jumped and pushed her to the floor.

The victim screamed as the man began to undress her. He then sexually assaulted her.

The woman's screams were heard by a member of the public who intervened, causing the suspect to grab his bike and cycle away.

Police were called and attended the scene. There they found a surgical face mask that the suspect had been wearing. The DNA on the mask was a match for Christopher Cooper, 29, a tree surgeon, of no fixed address.

Enquiries began to locate Cooper, who eventually made contact with police after learning officers were looking for him. He was arrested on suspicion of attempted rape and assaulting a woman by penetration.

A jacket was found among his belongings that matched the description given by witnesses. He was also later picked out of an identity parade.

Cooper pleaded guilty to both offences and was sentenced at Lewes Crown Court on Wednesday (March 17). He was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment, three of which is to be served on extended licence.

Detective Sergeant Steve Webb said: "This was an extremely distressing ordeal for the victim, who has shown great bravery throughout.

"We are grateful to her and to all those who have assisted our investigation. Thanks to their support, and a swift response by our officers, we were able to secure vital DNA evidence at the scene and build a strong case against Christopher Cooper.

"His actions that day shows he had clear intent to cause a woman harm, and we are pleased to see him sentenced to nine years' imprisonment."
