```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers issued fines to those breaking the rules.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police take enforcement action against those breaching Covid-19 regulations in Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-take-enforcement-action-against-those-breaching-covid-19-regulations-in-sussex/
publish:
  date: 09:32 12/01/2021
title: Police take enforcement action against those breaching Covid-19 regulations in Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-take-enforcement-action-against-those-breaching-covid-19-regulations-in-sussex/
```

Police in Sussex took enforcement action against those found to be blatantly breaching the government's Covid-19 regulations over the first weekend of the country's third national lockdown.

The force issued 45 Fixed Penalty Notices (fines) to people across the county were found to have willfully disregarded the rules.

Officers were patrolling areas and communities at the weekend, engaging with the public and where necessary urging people to do the right thing by following the restrictions; which are in place to save lives and protect the NHS.

Enforcement action included issuing a fine to a man who was supposed to be self isolating after testing positive for Covid-19, but instead went to peoples' homes to cut and style their hair in Hastings. A driver from Surrey, who when stopped by officers for speeding, claimed he was rushing to deal with an alarm which was going off at his business in Brighton yet could not give any legitimate details of the premises or an address for it. Therefore he did not have a reasonable excuse for making an essential journey.

Superintendent Julia Pope said: "We know this is an extremely difficult time for everyone, however the actions we take and the decisions we make now can help save lives.

"This pandemic has been ongoing for almost a year now, and so we are all familiar with what we should be doing to play our part in stopping the spread of the virus.

"We know the overwhelming majority of people in Sussex are doing the right thing by staying home, wearing masks and social distancing, but unfortunately a small minority of people continue to ignore the rules.

"The restrictions are in place for a reason - any unnecessary contact had with someone is a potential link to a vulnerable person. Everyone has a responsibility to make the right decisions. It is disappointing that our officers have to take this enforcement action again this weekend against those who are still blatantly breaching the rules as if they do not apply to them.

"It's so important, now as much as ever, that we pull together and do what we need to do to protect our NHS and our communities from the virus."
