```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Billy Mongey, 33, was cleared of manslaughter following the death of Michael Loughlin, 52, at a holiday park in Bognor Regis.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found not guilty of manslaughter after Bognor Regis assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-found-not-guilty-of-manslaughter/
publish:
  date: 15:19 21/12/2020
title: Man found not guilty of manslaughter after Bognor Regis assault | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-found-not-guilty-of-manslaughter/
```

A man has been found not guilty of manslaughter after a man died following an assault at Butlin's in Bognor Regis.

Michael Loughlin, 52, from Barton-le-Clay in Bedford suffered a single punch to the head and fell to the floor during an altercation in the bar area at the holiday park shortly before midnight on June 14, 2019.

Michael, who was known as Locky to family and friends, was taken to Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton where he sadly died of his injuries four days later.

On Monday, 21 December, Billy Mongey, 33, of Tooting Grove in Wandsworth was found not guilty of manslaughter by the jury following a trial of just over a week at Lewes Crown Court.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Wolstenholme of the Major Crime Team said: "As this tragic case has demonstrated, a single punch can have absolutely devastating consequences.

"This has been a lengthy investigation, which has had an impact on all people connected with the investigation"

"We'd like to thank the family for their bravery, the witnesses who have assisted with our enquiries, and staff at the holiday park for their help and co-operation.

"It was important that the case was decided by a jury, and we are very respectful of the careful consideration of the evidence given by those members of the public who served on the jury.

"Michael leaves behind a grieving family who are completely devastated and would like their privacy to be respected at this difficult time."

Michael's family said: "Mick was a beloved partner, father, granddad, brother and uncle. He was a man who deeply loved his family and his family loved, doted and depended upon him.

"To find the right words to describe our loss is impossible. A piece of our hearts has been lost and can never be replaced.

"We will carry our memories of him in our hearts forever."

A statement issued on behalf of Butlin's said: "This was a tragic incident and our deepest condolences remain with the family and friends of Mr Loughlin as they continue to grieve his loss. We note today's court verdict but would place on record our appreciation to Sussex Police for their professional and sensitive work over this period."
