```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Cameron Skilton was convicted of five offences in total.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bexhill man sentenced to eight years in prison for robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/bexhill-man-sentenced-to-eight-years-in-prison-for-robbery/
publish:
  date: 11:46 12/08/2020
title: Bexhill man sentenced to eight years in prison for robbery | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/bexhill-man-sentenced-to-eight-years-in-prison-for-robbery/
```

_Cameron Skilton_

A Bexhill man convicted of five offences including robbery, assault and theft has been jailed for eight years.

Cameron Skilton, 22, a labourer of London Road, Bexhill, was sentenced when he appeared at Lewes Crown Court on Thursday (August 6).

Skilton had previously pleaded guilty to five charges in relation to two separate incidents in the town.

The first happened on August 18, 2018, when a man was robbed while in his car in Sewell Avenue, Bexhill.

Skilton pleaded guilty to robbery, criminal damage and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. He was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment for the robbery and one year for possession of an offensive weapon, to run concurrently. He was given no separate penalty for the criminal damage offence.

Skilton was also convicted of assault and theft following an attack on a man in Holliers Hill, Bexhill, on May 31, 2020.

The victim was walking when he noticed a yellow Audi drive past him several times before stopping nearby. Three people then got out of the vehicle and approached the victim before attacking him, punching him repeatedly to the face.

After the suspects left the scene, the victim realised his Apple Air Pods and £250 cash were missing from his pocket.

The yellow Audi was stopped by police less than an hour later, in Bexhill Road, St Leonards, and the three suspects were arrested.

For the assault and theft, Skilton was sentenced to two years and four months to run concurrently to the robbery sentence.

Reece Ripley, 20, unemployed, of Glovers Lane, Bexhill, pleaded guilty to assault and was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment.

A 15-year-old boy who cannot be named for legal reasons pleaded guilty to assault and was given a 12-month referral order.

_Reece Ripley_
