```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Efforts continue to tackle anti-social behaviour in the town.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police in Eastbourne step up patrols during October half term
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-in-eastbourne-step-up-patrols-during-october-half-term/
publish:
  date: 10:46 28/10/2020
title: Police in Eastbourne step up patrols during October half term | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-in-eastbourne-step-up-patrols-during-october-half-term/
```

Police in Eastbourne have stepped up patrols during the October half term as part of the continued effort to tackle anti-social behaviour in the town.

Eastbourne's Neighbourhood Policing Team, made up of police officers and police community support officers (PCSOs), have been out and about in hotspot areas to identify and respond to any disorder.

Operation Blitz, which usually runs from 6pm to midnight every Friday and Saturday night, has been extended to cover the October half term and Halloween weekend.

The initiative allows members of the public to report any incidents of anti-social behaviour directly to officers on the ground via a dedicated mobile phone number - 07785 372050.

Sergeant Dave Sands led some of the foot patrols around the town. He said: "The weather has been awful over the past three evenings, which has had an impact on the levels of anti-social behaviour.

"Regardless we have had some good results, and our activity has been welcomed by residents and on our social media."

On Friday (October 23), officers and PCSOs on patrol dispersed a large group of young people gathering at the Bandstand, disrupted a number of people suspected of being involved in drug offences and seized alcohol from people behaving in a disruptive manner in the town centre.

Officers deployed the Speed Indicator Device (SID) on the seafront from 5.30pm to educate and encourage drivers to slow down, and maintained a presence at Admiral Retail Park following complaints of anti-social driving. Other patrol areas included Gildredge Park, Hampden Park, Princes Park and Old Town Recreation Ground.

On Saturday (October 24), the team continued their activity, patrolling Shinewater Park, Princes Park, Helen Gardens, Gildredge Park, Roselands Park, Old Town Recreation Ground and Hampden Park. They made two arrests for burglary and issued a Section 59 warning to a motorist driving in an anti-social manner.

Officers also ensured a visible presence in areas that had recently seen a number of deliberate fires, and patrolled Beachy Head and Langney Shopping Centre following reports of noisy cars and motorbikes.

On Sunday (October 25), the focus was on safeguarding a victim of cuckooing. This is a term used when those involved in drug dealing take over and exploit the home of a local person, forcing or coercing them into allowing their accommodation to be used as a base to run the drugs supply from. Often, this activity also attracts reports of anti-social behaviour and environmental crime.

The team also stopped and spoke with a number of motorists about the manner of their driving. They seized two vehicles being driven with no insurance and reported the drivers involved.

Inspector Rachel Barrow of the Eastbourne Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We acknowledge and appreciate the distress anti-social behaviour can cause to people living and working in Eastbourne.

"Our officers have maintained a visible presence in areas where anti-social behaviour and disorder has been raised as an issue, and we've seen some really positive disruptions as a result.

"Our work to tackle this issue is ongoing all the time, not just during half term week, and we encourage people to report incidents of disorder to us so we can respond. As well as the dedicated Operation Blitz phone number, people can continue to report to us online or by calling 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency."
