```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Funds have gone to 134 organisations.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police donates &#163;91,000 to help local organisations during Covid-19 crisis
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-donates-91000-to-help-local-charities-during-covid-19-crisis/
publish:
  date: 14:10 27/08/2020
title: Sussex Police donates &#163;91,000 to help local organisations during Covid-19 crisis | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-donates-91000-to-help-local-charities-during-covid-19-crisis/
```

Sussex Police has donated a total of £91,000 to charities and local organisations to help during the Covid-19 crisis.

The funds went to 134 different organisations across Sussex through the Police Property Act Fund (PPAF), made up of monies received by the police from the sale of unclaimed lost property and property confiscated by order of the courts and then sold.

Examples of ways the money has been used include:

- Purchasing PPE for staff and volunteers to enable them to carry out their key roles with increased safety measures.

\- Obtaining materials to allow organisations to make PPE equipment more available to NHS staff and Key workers for free.

\- For food and storage for foodbanks and similar organisations to allow them to help more vulnerable families and households who require it.

\- For petrol, to allow organisations to transport food and much needed supplies to food banks and those who are vulnerable during this time.

\- For technical equipment to allow organisations, who offer services to the community, to continue offering support.

Lucy Kamper from Mindout, a LGBTQ mental health service based in Brighton, said: "We are so very grateful for the Sussex Police PPAF grant. It will allow us to launch our telephone befriending service which is much needed at the moment. The social isolation experienced by LGBTQ people has been amplified since lockdown and we are concerned to support older LGBTQ people and those who are digitally excluded."

Major Michael Lloyd from the Salvation Army said: "Just to say a very big thank you for your wonderful donation, as we offer support and try to help others in our local community during these difficult times. We are seeing an increase in requests for food parcels and other assistance, so your donation will enable us to keep responding to so many folk in need."

Sonia Mangan from Carers West Sussex said: "By supporting Carers Support West Sussex with this vital support we can reduce isolation, increase health and wellbeing and provide Carers with the tools they need to cope during this difficult and stressful time."

For more information about PPAF please see the website here.
