```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Public asked to report any incidents.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police continue to combat crime in West Hove
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-continue-to-combat-crime-in-west-hove/
publish:
  date: 09:13 02/09/2020
title: Police continue to combat crime in West Hove | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-continue-to-combat-crime-in-west-hove/
```

Police in Brighton and Hove have emphasised their commitment to tackling crime in West Hove, with public support.

Chief Superintendent Nick May said: "I am aware of the concerns raised by Councillors for the area and we have discussed the issues directly with them.

"Sussex Police is determined to take assertive action against vehicle and other crime in West Hove and Portslade. I would encourage all members of the community to report all crimes to police on 101, via our website or on 999 in an emergency.

"Where we have clear images of individuals who are involved in criminality of any kind, we will share their photos through traditional and social media.

"We are undertaking proactive patrols in the area and the communities in the area can be assured that there is nothing police officers like more than to arrest and charge offenders with crimes and put them before the courts.

"The officers and PCSOs in Brighton and Hove will work with partners and communities to reduce the number of incidents and to also bring to justice those who commit crime"

Meanwhile police are also continuing enquiries in the South Portslade area of Hove, to identify the persons or persons responsible for a series of damage to parked cars in recent months.

Police have stepped up patrols in the area, and have been making enquiries with local residents and businesses to seek any CCTV or dashcam footage.

Sergeant Jan Szaranek said: "We are making active enquiries to identify whoever is responsible and bring them to justice.

"If you have any CCTV, door' ring' camera or dashcam footage saved, please check it and see if it shows anything at all suspicious in the area, especially overnight. You can contact us about that or any other information either online or by calling 101, quoting reference 47200144147. But if you see any suspicious activity actually taking place, contact us via 999 right away."

In another development, a man has been arrested and charged with theft from a parked car in Hove, after information from members of the public was followed up by local officers. Anthony Errol Court, 31, unemployed, of Walsingham Rd, Hove, appeared in custody at Brighton Magistrates Court on Tuesday (1 September), charged with entering a parked car in Braemore Road, Hove, on the evening of 23 August and stealing a quantity of loose change, and with possession of cannabis.
