```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Maybridge St Richard Parish Church has recently been the target of criminal damage.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police donate &#163;500 to help improve security at Worthing church
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-donate-500-to-help-improve-security-at-worthing-church/
publish:
  date: 12:55 22/12/2020
title: Police donate &#163;500 to help improve security at Worthing church | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-donate-500-to-help-improve-security-at-worthing-church/
```

A church that has regularly been the target of criminal damage has received a £500 donation from police to help improve its security.

Maybridge St Richard Parish Church, in Goring-by-Sea, Worthing, has received the money from the Police Property Act Fund - a pot of money made up from the sale of found property and from property confiscated by order of the court and then sold.

The money will be used to buy security equipment for the church, such as CCTV and sensor lights.

PCSO Laura Newman, who presented the cheque to the charity, said: "This church was regularly the target of criminal damage and so I wanted to nominate it for the Police Property Act Fund so money can be used towards buying security equipment.

"This is such a worthy cause as the church is built in the centre of the community and it was heart-breaking to see how it was being treated. I am so glad to have been able to help the church out and I look forward to working with Father Mark and the local community in the future."

Father Mark Lyon's added: "On behalf of the Parochial Church Council of St Richard's, I want to thank those involved in the Police Property Act Fund for awarding us this grant.

"St Richard's Church was deliberately built in the centre of the Maybridge community and we continue to strive to live up to this calling.

"Having recently made changes to the inside of the Church building to be more accommodating to the many community groups that use our premises, we will be using the funds from the grant to install a CCTV camera system to keep all those users and the wide variety of the public who use our grounds as safe as possible.

"Having always prayed for the wider community we are also ready and willing to help in building up the community in more practical ways and look forward to working with the police and other community groups in the area."
