```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: A man was assaulted in his home.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigating aggravated burglary in Patcham, Brighton
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/detectives-investigating-aggravated-burglary-in-patcham-brighton/
publish:
  date: 15:03 29/10/2020
title: Detectives investigating aggravated burglary in Patcham, Brighton | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/detectives-investigating-aggravated-burglary-in-patcham-brighton/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was assaulted and burgled in his home in Brighton.

The victim had just arrived at his address in Court Close, Patcham, around 6.59pm on Wednesday 28 October, when he was forced through the door and onto the floor by four unknown men.

He was assaulted and the suspects made an untidy search of the property.

A woman who was in the property was able to inform police and as a result of a swift response, the suspects were disturbed and made off from the scene via the rear of the property.

The offenders stole four Louis Vuitton holdalls, a black/blue leather Hermes rucksack, a rose gold Rolex Sky-Dweller, an iPhone 11 and keys, worth a total of in excess of £50,000.

Of the four suspects, one is described as black, about 6', wearing a black nylon motorcycle balaclava; another is described as Asian, short, wearing a disposable surgical face mask, a baseball cap with a hood over it and black latex gloves; and a third is described as white, wearing a khaki green tracksuit, a snood, a hooded top with the hood up and black leather gloves.

Police are appealing for any witnesses, or anyone with dash cam or CCTV footage which may have captured what happened, to come forward.

Officers are also keen to obtain information about any vehicles which may have been seen in suspicious circumstances in the area, specifically a silver Ford Focus displaying a 2014 plate parked in Court Close, or a dark coloured Ford S MAX on a 2016 plate parked in the proximity of Patcham Place Cricket Ground.

Investigating officer, Detective Inspector Glenn Taylor, said: "Fortunately incidents of this nature are extremely rare, and I'd like to reassure the community that we are investigating this as a targeted - but isolated - attack.

"The victim in this case was left shaken but not seriously hurt, and we're doing all we can to establish the full circumstances. We're urging anyone with any information to contact us."

You can report it online or call 101, quoting serial 1117 of 28/10.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.
