```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Can you help identify these two males?
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after two linked robberies at shops in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/appeal-after-two-linked-robberies-at-shops-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 16:45 05/01/2021
title: Appeal after two linked robberies at shops in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/appeal-after-two-linked-robberies-at-shops-in-worthing/
```

Police investigating two linked robberies at shops in Worthing are appealing for witnesses to come forward and to identify the two males pictured.

At 7.15pm on Wednesday (30 December), police were called to Portland Convenience Store in Portland Road to report of two male suspects entered the store, one suspects sprayed the shop worker in the face with a noxious substance.

The suspects then left with around cash and items from the store.

The victim suffered a minor injury and was taken to hospital for treatment.

At 7.24pm, about ten minutes later, a second robbery took place at Smart Shop in Crescent Road. One male suspect entered the store and sprayed the store worker in the face with a noxious substance before leaving with £320\. This victim also required hospital treatment.

The first suspect is described as a white male, aged somewhere between late teens and late twenties, of a slim build wearing a dark coloured hooded coat with the hood up with dark coloured face covering, wearing dark coloured trousers and white trainers.

The second suspect is described as a white male, aged somewhere between late teens and late twenties, of a slim build wearing a navy blue or black coloured hooded with a grey coloured stripe running all the way around the coat just below shoulder height with his hood up. He also appears to be wearing a white or cream coloured top underneath, with dark coloured trousers and dark coloured shoes.

DC Versluys said: "These incidents happened in quick succession of one another and we are treating them as linked.

"Were you in the vicinity at the time of these incidents? We believe someone may have seen what happened and may be able to help identify the suspects pictured.

"If you witnessed what happened or have any information that may assist with enquiries please report it to us online or by calling 101, quoting 1260 of 30/12 in relation to the first incident and 1335 of 30/12 in relation to the second."
