```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "He used another person\u2019s details in a bid to avoid prosecution."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for lying about speeding and red light offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-jailed-for-lying-about-speeding-and-red-light-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:36 11/12/2020
title: Man jailed for lying about speeding and red light offences | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/man-jailed-for-lying-about-speeding-and-red-light-offences/
```

A disqualified driver who blamed three separate motoring offences on another person has been jailed.

Carl Duncan used the details of a woman known to him in a bid to avoid prosecution.

The victim subsequently accrued nine penalty points on her otherwise clean licence, causing her to experience stress and anxiety.

But investigations revealed Duncan, 61, of Colvin Gardens, Enfield, was the driver on each occasion and had used his bank card to pay the fines.

He was caught speeding in his Jaguar XF on the A22 Godstone Road, Whyteleafe, Surrey, on 5 May 2016 (40mph in a 30mph zone) and on the A22 London Road, East Grinstead, on 23 August 2017 (36mph in a 30mph zone); and activated a red light on the A215 Norwood Road, London, on 21 February 2017.

Duncan received a Notice of Intended Prosecution (NIP) for all three incidents, but nominated the woman known to him, before intercepting her mail and admitting the offences on her behalf.

On each occasion, a retraining offer was sent to the nominated person, but a £100 fine and three points were accepted instead.

It was only after the woman reported a separate incident to police that these allegations came to light, and investigators were able to prosecute Duncan. He was subsequently interviewed and reported for summons.

Duncan, who previously lived in Pevensey, pleaded guilty to three counts of perverting the course of justice at Lewes Crown Court on Tuesday 8 December, where he was sentenced to 255 days' imprisonment and further disqualified from driving for 24 months.

Duncan was convicted as part of Operation Pinocchio, which was launched by Sussex Police in 2016 with the following aims:

 * To improve safety on Sussex's roads by tracing and prosecuting offenders who provide false information in an attempt to avoid prosecution;
 * And to prevent law-abiding motorists, who have been badly advised, from committing serious criminal offences by attempting to avoid speeding or red light offences.
