```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Five new recruits have joined the division.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Meet the new PCSOs keeping Brighton and Hove communities safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/meet-the-new-pcsos-keeping-brighton-and-hove-communities-safe/
publish:
  date: 16:00 03/11/2020
title: Meet the new PCSOs keeping Brighton and Hove communities safe | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/meet-the-new-pcsos-keeping-brighton-and-hove-communities-safe/
```

Brighton and Hove Police has welcomed five new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to join the division and help keep the city safe.

Ilysha Shorten, Charles Cressey, Olivia Giuri, Brenda Meyer and Jacques Froud have gone straight out onto the streets to help protect communities and prevent crime after successfully completing their initial training at Sussex Police HQ on Friday (30 October).

PCSO Ilysha Shorten said: "I decided to become a PCSO shortly after leaving Police Cadets as I knew from a very young age I wanted to be in the police. I decided to choose the role of a PCSO because it will provide me great experience. Not only that but, I wanted to help those that are the most vulnerable in society because that is what policing is all about, helping those that need us the most."

PCSO Charles Cressey said: "I've always enjoyed engaging with the public and I felt that by becoming a PCSO I can do just that whilst making a difference to our community. I'm really looking forward to joining Brighton and Hove division as it is such a large area. Everyday will be different and each day I will have the luxury of meeting new members of the community."

PCSO Olivia Giuri said: "Brighton and Hove is such an amazing city and one I have been lucky enough to grow up in. It is a place like no other, and I look forward to building strong relationships within the community and using my local knowledge and training to provide support, advice and protection to our residents, businesses and visitors."

PCSO Brenda Meyer said: "I am looking forward to the camaraderie of working within the team at Brighton and Hove and getting to know parts of the City that I didn't know existed - even though I have lived here for over 30 years!

"My previous work experience is very varied, incorporating research, teaching, writing, as well as a variety of administrative roles. I was looking for an opportunity to incorporate these skills in a way that would support the general public. In addition to becoming more community minded, I wanted to be more physically active. The role of PCSO definitely fits the bill!"

PCSO Jacques Froud said: "I decided to become a PCSO as protecting the vulnerable is something I feel we all as a society should do more. The PCSO role enables me to protect those in need."

Superintendent Rachel Swinney said: "We're delighted to welcome these new recruits to help us continue to make our city a great place to live and work in.

"Brighton and Hove PCSOs play a crucial role in preventing crime and keeping the public safe. Our new colleagues are here and ready to respond to a huge range of situations and we're positive they'll enjoy their rewarding and dynamic roles in community policing."

PCSOs duties can include a diverse number of tasks including patrolling hotspot areas, gathering CCTV evidence or other intelligence, reassuring the public and providing crime prevention advice.

They also work closely with community groups and partner agencies, building relationships that help them identify issues and concerns in local areas and find the best way to address it.

This could involve working with Community Speedwatch to crack down on nuisance driving, working with young people in schools or liaising with local housing associations to resolve issues for residents affected by anti-social behaviour.

Sussex has an extra 100 PCSOs compared with March 2019, and has continued to recruit and training throughout the last seven months, through adapting the training to meet social distancing rules, and keep staff and apprentices safe. A further 16 apprentices have started training on 2 November.
