```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police were called to Chiltern Drive on Saturday evening (December 19).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested by police investigating fire in Hastings
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-men-arrested-by-police-investigating-fire-in-hastings/
publish:
  date: 12:21 20/12/2020
title: Two men arrested by police investigating fire in Hastings | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-men-arrested-by-police-investigating-fire-in-hastings/
```

Two men have been arrested by police investigating a fire at a house in Hastings.

Police received a report of a fire at a residential property in Chiltern Drive at 8.24pm on Saturday (December 19).

Officers attended alongside crews from East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service (ESFRS). The fire was put out and no persons were found within the property.

A man was arrested on suspicion of arson on Saturday evening. After police enquiries, he was further arrested on suspicion of false imprisonment, possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. He remains in custody at this time.

A second man was arrested on Sunday morning (December 20) at Quantock Gardens, Hastings, on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life, false imprisonment, possessing a firearm without a certificate, and common assault. He also remains in custody at this time.

Sergeant Brett White of the Hastings and Rother Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "We understand how an incident of this nature can be very concerning for those living in the area, but I would like to reassure our community that this is something we are taking very seriously.

"Our officers will be carrying out high-visibility patrols in the area to identify and deter any criminal activity.

"The investigation is ongoing, and people living in the area can expect to see an increased police presence while we continue our enquiries.

"This incident has involved people known to each other, and we would encourage anyone who has any further information about what's happened to get in touch."

Members of the public can contact police online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Stoddard. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
