```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers carried out the operation at a site in Surrey.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police teams seize dogs after executing a search warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-teams-seize-dogs-after-executing-a-search-warrant/
publish:
  date: 16:04 17/03/2021
title: Sussex Police teams seize dogs after executing a search warrant | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/sussex-police-teams-seize-dogs-after-executing-a-search-warrant/
```

Updated News Post

Detectives from Crawley supported by the Sussex Police Rural Crime Team have seized a number of dogs after carrying out a search warrant at a site in Surrey on Tuesday afternoon (16 March).

Officers from the teams searched the site and are now working to establish whether the 10 dogs which they have recovered have been stolen.

A 30-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and has been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

Chief Inspector Steve Biglands of the Rural Crime Team said: "The search of this site is the result of a complex investigation. Dogs are a valuable commodity to criminal organisations and whilst the numbers of dogs stolen in Sussex is relatively low, even one is too many. Searches are an excellent tool in the fight against dog thieves and where we receive information on the location of stolen dogs, we will take action.

"We are assessing the medical and welfare needs of the dogs we have recovered and now have to undertake the extensive work of identifying them and establishing whether they have been reported as stolen.

"We had previously intended to release photos of the dogs today (Thursday) but due to their welfare we have had to postpone this until next week - the needs of the dogs must come first.

"If you have lost a Spaniel or Lurcher type dog and wish to contact us please email **dogtheft@sussex.pnn.police.uk** with your contact details.

"We know for those who have lost a dog this is distressing and you want answers quickly but the email address above is the fastest way to contact us and we have a dedicating team managing this.

"We also respectfully ask that the public do not contact us with offers to rehome the dogs. Our priority is to find any rightful owners if they have been stolen."
