```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Former PC Charlotte Kemp resigned after being arrested on suspicion of shoplifting.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ex-officer who ignored shoplifting offence &#39;would have been dismissed&#39;
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/ex-officer-who-ignored-shoplifting-offence-would-have-been-dismissed/
publish:
  date: 15:54 29/07/2020
title: Ex-officer who ignored shoplifting offence &#39;would have been dismissed&#39; | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/ex-officer-who-ignored-shoplifting-offence-would-have-been-dismissed/
```

A police officer who resigned from Sussex Police after being arrested on suspicion of shoplifting would have been dismissed from the force if she had still been serving.

Ex-PC Charlotte Kemp, 25, who had been an officer at Hastings since June 2018 having been a PCSO for a year previously, did not attend the gross misconduct hearing that considered three allegations against her at Sussex Police headquarters in Lewes on Monday (July 27).

The panel heard that she had been arrested following an incident in July 2019 at a trade stockist for beauty and hair products in Hastings when she was captured on CCTV in the company of another who was seen stealing items to a value of more than £200\. Her companion pleaded guilty to the offence at Hastings Magistrates' Court in November 2019. Ms Kemp did not face charges.

It was found that she had breached standards of professional behaviour amounting to gross misconduct in that she had played a part in the commission of a criminal offence, had failed to exercise her powers as a police officer in the prevention and detection of crime by preventing her companion from shoplifting and that stolen items were found at her home address.

If she had still been serving she would have been dismissed without notice.

Chief Superintendent Lisa Bell, head of Professional Standards for Sussex Police, said: "Police officers must behave in a manner that does not discredit the police service or undermine public confidence, whether on or off duty.

"This officer fell far short of the standards we expect at Sussex Police and her actions were clearly completely out of keeping with their role that others uphold with pride, integrity and with the trust of the public whom they serve. We are determined not to let a very small number of officers damage the confidence held in our force and the huge amount of good work carried out by hard-working and dedicated police officers and staff across the county."
