```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers executed six warrants on Thursday (April 1).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police warrants disrupt the supply of drugs in Rye
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-warrants-disrupt-the-supply-of-drugs-in-rye/
publish:
  date: 15:41 01/04/2021
title: Police warrants disrupt the supply of drugs in Rye | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-warrants-disrupt-the-supply-of-drugs-in-rye/
```

Police executed six warrants in and around Rye as part of continued work to disrupt the supply of drugs in the area.

On Thursday (April 1), officers from the Hastings and Rother Neighbourhood Policing Team, Neighbourhood Enforcement Team, Tactical Enforcement Unit and the Dog Unit executed Section 8 search warrants at properties in Nutley Close, Cricketers Field, Peacock Way and Udimore Road in Rye, as well as Mountbatten Close in Hastings and at Rye Harbour Caravan Park.

The warrants followed intelligence received and gathered by police relating to a crime group distributing drugs in the area. This activity has also been linked to numerous reports of criminal damage, including windows being smashed.

A quantity of Class A drugs, cash and phones were seized during the warrants. The investigation is ongoing and enquiries around these items will continue.

A Sussex Police spokesman said: "This operation resulted in a significant disruption to the supply of dangerous drugs into our community.

"This criminal activity has a serious negative impact on those living in the area, and it will not be tolerated. We are committed to taking these harmful drugs off the streets, protecting vulnerable people and taking action against those found to be responsible for the distribution of drugs.

"During this operation we also effectively deployed the new Rother District Drone funded through Rother District Community Grant Funding.

"We continue to listen to the concerns of residents, and ask people to report any illegal or suspicious behaviour to us. No matter how small you think it may be, it all helps us build a picture of what is happening in our community."

Members of the public can report information to police online or by calling 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

Information can also be passed on to police anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers either online or by calling 0800 555 111.
