```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Drink OR drive; never both.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman overturns car while more than three times the drink-drive limit the morning after
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-overturns-car-while-more-than-three-times-the-drink-drive-limit-the-morning-after/
publish:
  date: 07:34 26/03/2021
title: Woman overturns car while more than three times the drink-drive limit the morning after | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-overturns-car-while-more-than-three-times-the-drink-drive-limit-the-morning-after/
```

This is what happened when a woman got behind the wheel of her car the morning after drinking brandy.

Diana Woloszczuk was still more than three times the drink-drive limit when the incident occurred in St Paul's Road, Chichester, about 4am on 21 February.

The 35-year-old pharmacist, of Windmill Drive, Tangmere, had been drinking the evening before, and admitted she had not appreciated she was still over the limit when she woke in the morning.

She crashed into three parked cars and overturned her Fiat 500, before being helped out of her vehicle by a member of the public. Thankfully, she was unhurt.

She failed a roadside breath test and was subsequently arrested and charged with driving with 114mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system. The legal limit is 35mcg.

Woloszczuk appeared at Crawley Magistrates' Court on 8 March, where she pleaded guilty to the offence. She was disqualified from driving for 23 months, ordered to pay costs totalling £303 and given a community order with a rehabilitation activity requirement.

Investigating officer, PC Zachary Stout, of the Chichester Neighbourhood Response Team, said: "The defendant was remorseful for her actions, which she regrets. Nevertheless, she is aware she should never have attempted to drive while intoxicated.

"It is a common misconception that you're fine to drive after a few hours' sleep - this very much depends on how much alcohol you have consumed and how much time you've given yourself before driving. Alcohol stays in your system for several hours after you've stopped drinking, and if you're in any doubt, don't drive at all. You could end up in a situation like this, or worse still, you could kill yourself or someone else."

Drink-driving is one of the five most common causes of fatal and serious injury collisions on our roads, along with speeding, mobile phone use, not wearing a seatbelt and careless driving.

To find out the approximate number of hours it will take for alcohol to leave your system, you can take an online 'under the influence' calculator, produced by the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership, here.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
