```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "A search of one driver\u2019s address found suspected drugs with an estimated street value of &#163;20,000."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Three arrests during day of action on Eastbourne\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrests-during-day-of-action-on-eastbournes-roads/
publish:
  date: 15:53 09/10/2020
title: "Three arrests during day of action on Eastbourne\u2019s roads | Sussex Police"
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrests-during-day-of-action-on-eastbournes-roads/
```

Police in Eastbourne made three arrests as they cracked down on crime and anti-social behaviour on the town's roads.

Officers from the Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) and the Roads Policing Unit (RPU) joined forces on Thursday (October 8) to patrol hotspot areas for noisy and anti-social driving.

The operation saw a number of good results, including a driver who was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

The arrest followed intelligence developed by the Eastbourne NPT on a vehicle suspected to be involved in the distribution of illegal substances.

Officers stopped the car in Langney Road and conducted a search, which revealed a small plastic tub containing cocaine in the centre console.

A subsequent search of the driver's address led to the discovery of hundreds more wraps of suspected drugs with an estimated street value of £20,000, and around £2,000 in cash.

The driver - a 41-year-old man from Eastbourne - was released on conditional bail until 6 November, pending further enquiries.

A second man was arrested after NPT officers stopped a car suspected of being driven without insurance. The driver - a 22-year-old man from Newhaven - was arrested on suspicion of aiding / abetting the use of a motor vehicle without insurance and possession of a class B drug. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A third arrest was made by RPU officers for driving or being in charge of a motor vehicle with a concentration of a specified controlled drug above the specified limit.

One motorist was reported for driving while disqualified, driving without insurance and taking a vehicle without consent, leading officers to seize the vehicle.

A fixed penalty notice was issued to a driver with a defective exhaust creating excessive noise, and words of advice were given to five motorists - two for lighting offences and three for speed.

Two warnings were also issued under Section 59 of the Road Traffic Act for drivers reported to have used their vehicle in a manner which causes alarm, distress or annoyance.

The Safety Camera Team were also supporting officers, picking up six offences on the A2270 Willingdon Road, and 60 offences on Lottbridge Drove.

Chief Inspector Di Lewis, district commander for Eastbourne, said: "This day of action saw our officers stop dozens of vehicles and engage with drivers to highlight the importance of safe and considerate behaviour on the roads.

"While the majority of motorists were understanding and supportive of our activity, we did identify and deal with a number who were committing offences.

"We understand the distress anti-social driving can have on members of our community, and we will continue to listen to the public's concerns around this.

"Our officers regularly patrol these hotspot areas and we encourage people to report incidents to us so we can respond effectively."

Members of the public are encouraged to report issues to police, either online or by calling 101.

For more information on anti-social driving and how to report it, visit our website here.
