```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Please drive to the conditions.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to drivers after car crashes and overturns in wet weather
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/warning-to-drivers-after-car-crashes-and-overturns-in-wet-weather/
publish:
  date: 11:57 15/12/2020
title: Warning to drivers after car crashes and overturns in wet weather | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/warning-to-drivers-after-car-crashes-and-overturns-in-wet-weather/
```

Police are urging motorists to be extra careful in wet weather after a car crashed and overturned in Brighton.

The driver of this Nissan Skyline - a 31-year-old local man - had a lucky escape after suffering only minor injuries in the collision.

He was driving westbound on Mill Road, Brighton, around 7.45pm on Sunday 13 December, when he hit surface water and lost control, causing his vehicle to overturn and leave the carriageway.

Attending officer, PC Jon Ivatt, of the Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "In this case, the driver was extremely fortunate to escape from the wreckage relatively unscathed, however his car was a complete write-off.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to remind all road users to drive to the conditions. In wet weather, stopping distances will typically be double the distance required for stopping on dry roads. This is because your tyres have less grip on the road, and you should take this into account when driving."

According to the Highway Code, in wet weather:

 * You should keep well back from the vehicle in front. This will increase your ability to see and plan ahead;
 * If the steering becomes unresponsive, it probably means that water is preventing the tyres from gripping the road. Ease off the accelerator and slow down gradually;
 * The rain and spray from vehicles may make it difficult to see and be seen;
 * Be aware of the dangers of spilt diesel that will make the surface very slippery;
 * Take extra care around pedestrians, cyclists, motorcyclists and horse riders.

PC Ivatt added: "We tend to see an increase in the number of road traffic collisions in wet weather, and many of these could be avoided if people follow these simple steps. Please take care. Your safety is our priority."
