```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: We are committed to finding out the facts of what happened to Blessing.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Blessing Olusegun&#160; investigation: Statement from Sussex Police'
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/blessing-olusegun-investigation-statement-from-sussex-police/
publish:
  date: 18:37 16/03/2021
title: 'Blessing Olusegun&#160; investigation: Statement from Sussex Police | Sussex Police'
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/blessing-olusegun-investigation-statement-from-sussex-police/
```

We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Blessing Olusegun, a much-loved and popular 21-year-old woman and business student from South London. In September 2020, Blessing spent a week in Bexhill in East Sussex working as a carer.

At 6.20am on Friday 18 September the body of a woman was found lying on the beach at Bexhill near Galley Hill. The body was identified that morning as that of Blessing and her next of kin, her mother, was visited and informed by Metropolitan Police officers later the same day.

Sussex Police detectives attended and, with no immediate evidence of a crime, the Coroner was notified and a police investigation launched. The investigation remains ongoing and, to date, police have carried out detailed enquiries to explore the circumstances leading to Blessing's death. These include:

 * A search of the area where Blessing was found: this located her phone and slippers piled neatly 300m away on the beach
 * Enquiries in the local neighbourhood to identify any potential witnesses
 * Interviews with people who last saw or spoke with Blessing, including family and friends
 * A search of Blessing's room at her work placement in Bexhill and belongings found on the beach, including forensic tests
 * A forensic examination of her devices and a detailed review of her phone records, which is ongoing
 * Retrieval and review of CCTV from the local area; this showed Blessing walking to and entering the beach at around 1.30am. She was alone and no evidence of others being in the vicinity has been captured on CCTV
 * Toxicology tests and a medical examination was carried out by a pathologist who found Blessing had died from drowning; they found no evidence of violence or any internal or external injuries.

Because there is no evidence of third party involvement, Blessing's death is described as ''non suspicious". The Coroner will decide on the facts of the case and determine how, when and where Blessing died.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Pippa Nicklin said: "I have spoken with Blessing's mother and explained we remain absolutely committed to finding out the facts of what happened to Blessing. This is a very distressing time for her and we are keen to do everything we can so that hopefully she may gain some closure over the death of her much-loved daughter.

"Although there continues to be no evidence of a crime we are still carefully and fully examining all the circumstances leading up to Blessing's death, from her arrival in Bexhill, to her leaving the house where she was working and walking to the beach.

"It has been reported that we have not properly investigated Blessing's death because of her ethnicity and we strongly refute these claims."

All evidence collated will be submitted to the Coroner, who will set a date for an inquest in due course.

We ask for everyone to respect the privacy of Blessing's family at this difficult time.
