```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: He is the first person to be convicted as part of our summer crackdown on drink and drug-drivers.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Repeat drink-driver disqualified for three years
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/repeat-drink-driver-disqualified-for-three-years/
publish:
  date: 12:50 28/07/2020
title: Repeat drink-driver disqualified for three years | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/repeat-drink-driver-disqualified-for-three-years/
```

Police executed a warrant on a motorist for failing to attend court for drink-driving - and found he was over the drink-drive limit again.

Kamal Tossoun was arrested on 22 March at the BP garage off the A23 at Pyecombe, where a roads policing sergeant walked past him and noticed he smelt of alcohol.

After witnessing him place the keys into the ignition of his Vauxhall Combo van, the officer went to speak to him, and Tossoun admitted he had consumed alcohol.

He failed a roadside breath test, and was subsequently arrested and charged with driving with 57mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system. The legal limit is 35mcg.

He was due to attend court on 23 June but failed to appear. Therefore a warrant was authorised for his arrest.

Then in the early hours of 30 June, police received information that another vehicle registered to Tossoun - a Fiat Ducato - was in the Ditchling area.

Officers responded and pulled him over, and again he failed a roadside breath test. This time he had 75mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system - more than twice the legal limit.

The 61-year-old, who is unemployed, of Spatham Lane, Ditchling, was remanded in custody to appear before Brighton Magistrates' Court later that day, where he was disqualified from driving for three years. He was also ordered to complete 140 hours of unpaid work, and pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Tossoun is the first person to be convicted as part of Surrey and Sussex Police's summer crackdown on drink and drug-drivers, which ran from Monday 29 June to Sunday 12 July.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
