```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Operation Safety teams carried proactive work.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven arrests and five weapons seized in West Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/seven-arrests-and-five-weapons-seized-in-west-sussex/
publish:
  date: 07:46 02/02/2021
title: Seven arrests and five weapons seized in West Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/seven-arrests-and-five-weapons-seized-in-west-sussex/
```

Police teams working to keep local communities safe as part of Operation Safety carried out a day of action to tackle knife possession and other crimes on Saturday (30 January).

Across the West Sussex coastline, 24 operational officers were supported by an investigations team to develop lines of enquiry. The operation resulted in seven arrests, five weapons seized, 28 proactive stops and four community resolutions.

Around 1pm, Roads Policing Unit (RPU) officers stopped a Honda Civic alleged to have been speeding on the A27 at Patching. The driver was required to undergo a roadside test for drugs, which he failed. A 28-year-old man from Littlehampton was arrested on suspicion of drug-driving and driving without due care and attention, and has been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Around 1.30pm a 30-year-old suspected outstanding for causing damage to a property in Worthing on 26 January, was located and arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage. He was released under investigation.

Around 3pm, officers patrolling the Worthing area saw a car behaving suspiciously in Queens Street. Drugs paraphernalia was seen in the vehicle and a search was carried out. A pocket knife and a hammer were seized and a 65-year-old local man was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon. He has been released under investigation while enquries continue.

Shortly before 4pm, officers in Palatine Road saw a man behave suspiciously by concealing items in his trousers. He was searched and a knuckle duster and a small amount of cannabis were seized. Joshua Hale, 24, of Samphire Drive in Worthing, was arrested and subsequently charged with possession of an offensive weapon and possession of a Class B drug. He has been bailed to appear at Worthing Magistrates' Court in March.

At 5pm, officers responded to a minor two-car collision in The Strand, Worthing. The driver was required to undergo a breathyser test, which he failed, and during a search a lock knife was seized. A 57-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and possession of an offensive weapon and has been bailed.

At 6.15pm, officers patrolling in Worthing observed a car driving at speed and stopped the vehicle. Officers could allegedly smell cannabis and the driver - 27-year-old local woman - was required to undergo a roadside test for drugs which she failed. She was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and has been released under investigation.

About 6.30pm, Roads Policing Unit officers stopped a car in Arundel Road, Littlehampton. The driver - a 26-year-old man from Yapton - failed a roadside drug test and was arrested on suspicion of drug driving. A small amount of cannabis was located in the vehicle. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Sergeant Scott Walters said: "This operation was a success and a great example of our teams working together to get results.

"Operation Safety is our dedicated response to tackling knife crime and violence in our local communities. Members of the public can expect our officers to increasingly be out in uniform and plain clothes targeting those who carry dangerous weapons.

"Drink and drug driving is completely unacceptable and shows a total disregard of the safety of the public. We will work wherever we can to support our RPU colleagues in cracking down on this dangerous behaviour.

"Anyone with information or concerns about knife crime can report it online or by calling 101, quoting Operation Safety. "
