```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: She has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Persistent Worthing shoplifter banned from town shops for five years
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/persistent-worthing-shoplifter-banned-from-town-shops-for-five-years/
publish:
  date: 15:44 03/08/2020
title: Persistent Worthing shoplifter banned from town shops for five years | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/persistent-worthing-shoplifter-banned-from-town-shops-for-five-years/
```

A prolific shoplifter who was jailed has now been given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) banning her from shops in Worthing for five years.

Kirsten Hocking, 28, of The Steyne, Worthing, appeared at Brighton Magistrates' Court on 30 April charged with 10 counts of shoplifting and breaching a Community Protection Notice (CPN).

Hocking committed these offences from January this year and stole a large quantity of items from different businesses in Worthing, including £996 worth of beauty products.

A CPN was issued to Hocking by police in December with a number of restrictions included, in particular banning Hocking from certain geographical areas in Worthing.

Hocking pleaded guilty to eight of the charges, with the court dismissing two breaches of a CPN, and she was given a six-month custodial sentence.

She has now been given a five-year CBO which bans her from entering any shops or businesses including cafes, restaurants and bars in Montague Street, Rowlands Road, South Street, Warwick Street and Chapel Road, any shops and businesses in the Montague Centre, Tesco in Goring Road and Lidl in North Street and Boots at Lyons Farm, Worthing.

Hocking is also prohibited from entering any branches of Marks and Spencer, Poundland, Wilkinson and Waitrose stores in England and Wales.

Sergeant Jason Stanley said: "After months of hard work from the local prevention team to try and tackle Hocking's persistent shoplifting and anti-social behaviour, she was given a custodial sentence.

"We recognise the impact anti-social behaviour can have on the community and local businesses and this is completely unacceptable.

"We are determined to work with our partners and will continue to use anti-social behaviour legislation to tackle unreasonable behaviour in our communities. We have secured a CBO against Hocking which bans her from entering large areas of Worthing and from the many shops and businesses for five years. If she breaches the order than she is liable to be sent back to prison."
