```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: It follows a virtual meeting held to address concerns in communities across the county.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sussex Police outlines three linked objectives for road safety
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-outlines-three-linked-objectives-for-road-safety/
publish:
  date: 14:37 18/03/2021
title: Sussex Police outlines three linked objectives for road safety | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/sussex-police-outlines-three-linked-objectives-for-road-safety/
```

Sussex Police has outlined three linked objectives for road safety:

 * Reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads;
 * Reducing antisocial driving/riding and the harm it causes to communities;
 * Denying criminals use of the roads by prevention and disruption.

These objectives will be achieved through education, engagement, enforcement and engineering, and can only be done by developing effective working relationships between all parties, including Sussex Police, Sussex Safer Roads Partnership, Community Speed Watch, local communities and local authorities.

The strategy was outlined to the public during a virtual panel meeting chaired by the Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner on Tuesday evening (16 March), which was held to address road safety concerns raised by communities across the county.

Among the issued most commonly identified by residents are speeding, excess noise, and antisocial driving and riding.

Attendees were informed of the ongoing work to help achieve these aims, which includes regular dedicated operations, in addition to routine roads policing 365 days a year.

An example of one of these dedicated operations was held over the weekend of 27-28 February, when a total of 107 tickets were issued for speeding, insecure loads, mobile phone use, not wearing a seatbelt, no tax, no insurance, illegal number plates and excessive emission of smoke.

Both proactive patrols and static checks were carried out in areas identified by communities as having concerns for road safety, including the A272 at Tillington, the A29 at Bury Hill and Coldwaltham, the B2138 at Fittleworth, and the A27 at Aldingbourne.

Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "I'm pleased that the public were given the opportunity to voice their concerns around road safety directly to the Chief Constable and her team of roads policing officers.

"Local communities have already benefited from the force's proactive roads policing work over the last year and this week, Sussex police reaffirmed their commitment to tackling the three main issues that residents say matter most to them, as well as continuing with business as usual operations.

"I look forward to measuring the outcomes of these objectives over the coming year and seeing the roads policing unit working with partners to make our roads even safer."

Chief Constable Jo Shiner said: "While we cannot solve every single issue in every area, I'd like to reassure everyone that we are working with our partners to achieve these three objectives, which are ultimately aimed to keep everyone safe on our roads.

"We cannot be everywhere all the time, we could be anywhere. We have listened to your concerns and taken action, and we will continue to provide education and enforcement as we aim to make Sussex a safer place for all road users."

In particular, officers will focus on the 'fatal five' - speeding, drink and drug-driving, mobile phone use, not wearing a seatbelt and careless driving. These are the five most common causes of fatal and serious injury collisions every year.

To report an incident of dangerous or antisocial driving, visit the Operation Crackdown website.

Or, if you wish to report a particular issue in your area, you can contact Sussex Safer Roads Partnership by email: SSRP@sussex.pnn.police.uk

Subscribe to our free messaging service on In the Know, our messaging service provider, where you'll receive local updates and information sent straight into your email inbox. Sign up here.

Follow district social media accounts to stay informed.

Read the latest Four Weekly Roads Policing Update, published every fourth Wednesday and published on the force Twitter and Facebook accounts, here.
