```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Even a small amount of alcohol can seriously impair your ability to drive safely.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Drink-driver almost four times legal limit \u201Cfelt fine\u201D to drive"
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-almost-four-times-legal-limit-felt-fine-to-drive/
publish:
  date: 13:54 24/02/2021
title: "Drink-driver almost four times legal limit \u201Cfelt fine\u201D to drive | Sussex Police"
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-almost-four-times-legal-limit-felt-fine-to-drive/
```

A motorist who caused this crash, while almost four times the drink-drive limit, said he "felt fine to drive".

Lincoln Simmons was driving a blue Volkswagen Passat on the A23 London Road, Crawley, about 1pm on 2 December when he collided a black Renault Clio.

The impact caused the Clio to mount the roundabout and crash through road signage. The driver - a 53-year-old woman from Haywards Heath - sustained significant bruising.

The Passat failed to stop at the scene and was located a short distance away, near Gatwick Airport.

Simmons failed a roadside breath test, and was subsequently arrested and charged with failing to stop after a road traffic collision, and driving with 139mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system. The legal limit is 35mcg.

In police interview, he stated he had consumed a litre of vodka the previous evening and a small bottle of whiskey prior to the crash, but claimed he is "used to drinking" so it "takes a lot of alcohol to feel the effects".

The 48-year-old, who is unemployed, of Galahad Road, Crawley, pleaded guilty to both offences and was disqualified from driving for 32 months when he appeared before Crawley Magistrates' Court on 11 February.

He was also given a 12-month community order requiring him to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work, and must pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "One of the most common excuses we hear from drink-drivers is that they "felt fine" to drive. But even a small amount of alcohol has the ability to impair your judgement and reaction time.

"Feeling fine is not a good judgement of your ability to drive. If you drink and drive you are committing an offence which carries with it a risk of serious injury or death to yourself or someone else.

 "The bottom line is there is no excuse to drive under the influence of drink or drugs.

"Our priority is to keep everyone safe on our roads, and we will continue to crack down on anyone who compromises this."

A total of 212 arrests made in Sussex during our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers, which ran from 1 December 2020 to 1 January 2021.

This dedicated operation - aimed to provide education and enforcement to motorists - was run in addition to our routine roads policing activity, 365 days a year.

Of those arrested, 34 have since been convicted in court. The remaining have either been charged, released under investigation or released without charge.

Here are the latest convictions:

 * Wajeeh Shah, 32, a manager, of Dowdeswell Close, Wandworth, London, was arrested in Coachmans Drive, Crawley, on 3 December and charged with driving with 139mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 10 February, he was sentenced to 12 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work. He was also disqualified from driving for 33 months and must pay £85 costs.

 * Jurus Jerofejevs, 37, a labourer, of Highwood Gardens, Ilford, was arrested in Offington Avenue, Worthing, on 4 December and charged with driving with 84mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 8 January, he was disqualified from driving for 21 months. He was also ordered to pay a £440 fine, £85 costs and a £44 victim surcharge.

 * Giorgio Dellesite, 18, unemployed, of Paynesfield, Bolney, was arrested in Kingswood Street, Brighton, on 5 December and charged with failing to provide a specimen of blood, when suspected of drink or drug-driving.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 8 February, he was disqualified from driving for 19 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Ryan Pretlove, 28, a telephonist, of Applesham Avenue, Hove, was arrested in Hangleton Valley, Hove, on 6 December and charged with failing to provide a specimen of breath, when suspected of drink or drug-driving.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 4 February, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Tyler Madden, 23, a carpenter, of The Steyne, Bognor Regis, was arrested in Marine Drive West, Bognor Regis, on 11 December, and charged with failing to provide a specimen of blood when suspected of drink or drug-driving.

At Worthing Magistrates' Court on 9 February, he was disqualified from driving for 18 months and given a community order requiring him to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

 * Hassan Alaani, 28, unemployed, of Princes Road, Eastbourne, was arrested in Hide Hollow, Eastbourne, on 14 December, and charged with failing to provide a specimen of blood when suspected of drink or drug-driving, and possession of cannabis.

At Brighton Magistrates' Court on 8 January, he was disqualified from driving for four years and sentenced to 18 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 18 months. He is also required to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months.

 * Sophie Wise, 20, unemployed, of Hinchcliff Drive, Wick, was arrested in on the A259 at Littlehampton on 17 December and charged with failing to provide a specimen of blood when suspected of drink or drug-driving.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 10 February, she was disqualified from driving for 12 months. She was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Jack Veaney, 25, a surveyor, of Cuckmere Crescent, Crawley, was arrested in Worth Park Avenue, Crawley, on 22 December and charged with driving with 59mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 27 January, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months. He was also ordered to pay a £120 fine, £85 costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

 * Mateusz Nalepa, 32, a factory manager, of Cambridge Road, Eastbourne, was arrested in Carlisle Road, Eastbourne, on 23 December and charged with driving with 48mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 10 February, he was disqualified from driving for 14 months. He was also ordered to pay a £400 fine, £85 costs and a £40 victim surcharge.

 * Thomas Tuck, 21, a publican, of The Beckers, Crawley Down, was arrested in Sandy Lane, Crawley Down, on 25 December and charged with driving with 109mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 14 January, he was disqualified from driving for 24 months and given a community order requiring him to carry out 90 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

 * Victoria Phillips, 36, a solicitor, of Harecombe Rise, Crowborough, was arrested in Beeches Road, Crowborough, on 25 December and charged with driving with 103mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system.

At Hastings Magistrates' Court on 27 January, she was disqualified from driving for 24 months. She was also ordered to pay a £1,650 fine, £85 costs and a £165 victim surcharge.

 * Jak Priest, 32, unemployed, of Springfield Road, Crawley, was arrested in Iveagh Close, Crawley, on 27 December and charged with driving with 96mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 14 January, he was disqualified from driving for 24 months and given a community order requiring him to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

 * Dragos Goras, 28, a driver, of no fixed address, was arrested in Faygate Lane, Horsham, on 1 January and charged with driving with 110mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Crawley Magistrates' Court on 20 January, he was disqualified from driving for 26 months and given a community order requiring him to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
