```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "When it comes to tracking people and property, a dog\u2019s nose knows best."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Round of a-paws for Police Dog Isla, after assisting officers with three incidents in seven days
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/round-of-a-paws-for-police-dog-isla-after-assisting-officers-with-three-incidents-in-seven-days2/
publish:
  date: 14:32 16/11/2020
title: Round of a-paws for Police Dog Isla, after assisting officers with three incidents in seven days | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/round-of-a-paws-for-police-dog-isla-after-assisting-officers-with-three-incidents-in-seven-days2/
```

Police Dog Isla has received a round of a-paws after winning three consecutive games of hide-and-seek with suspected criminals.

The four-year-old German Shepherd has proved that when it comes to locating people and property, a dog's nose knows best.

It follows three separate incidents within seven days where she successfully tracked individuals who had run from police.

Around 2.45am on Wednesday 4 November, police on patrol in Bognor Regis spotted a vehicle of interest. It was pursued for a short while before it came to a stop in Clun Road.

One of the three occupants ran from the car and into an industrial estate, where he tripped and fell. He was located by PD Isla, at which point he reached into his waistband. Fearing it could be a weapon, PD Isla detained the suspect by biting until officers arrived to arrest him.

The remaining two suspects were also arrested and taken into custody.

A subsequent search of the scene and of all three suspects revealed a quantity of suspected drugs.

A 27-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession with intent to supply Class B drugs.

A 49-year-old man from Littlehampton was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

A 26-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

All three have been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Police responded to a report of a stolen motorcycle in Wick on the morning of Monday 9 November.

Officers located the vehicle and pursued it to Joyce Close, where a containment of the area was put on.

The rider had discarded the bike and a yellow helmet, and a man matching the same description was seen by members of the public garden hopping.

PD Isla was deployed and she tracked the suspect through several gardens and streets, eventually locating him hiding at the back of an open storage shed.

A 37-year-old man from Wick was arrested on suspicion of theft from a vehicle, dangerous driving, resisting police in the execution of their duty, driving while disqualified, affray, driving while unfit through drugs and failing to provide a specimen for analysis.

He has been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Then late in the evening on Wednesday 11 November, police on patrol in Bognor Regis identified a vehicle of interest, which made off at speed.

The vehicle pulled over in Hoe Lane, Flansham, and the driver decamped into a garden.

He was tracked over some distance by PD Isla, who found the suspect hiding in undergrowth south of the A259.

Jake McConnell, 24, of no fixed address, was arrested and charged with drink-driving, driving without due care and attention, and failing to stop when required by police.

He has been released on unconditional bail until 2 March, when he is due to appear before Worthing Magistrates' Court.

PD Isla's handler, PC Kris Drake, of the Surrey and Sussex Police Dog Unit, said: "Isla is a very chilled out dog at home. But when tasked to work in her roles as a general purpose dog and a firearms support dog, she's very switched on. She relishes the challenge and is rewarded with her favourite treats. She is an asset to our force."
