```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "Danny Terry was a \u201Ccheeky\u201D young man with a passion for ice hockey."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes paid to driver tragically killed in A27 crash
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-driver-tragically-killed-in-a27-crash/
publish:
  date: 15:33 01/03/2021
title: Tributes paid to driver tragically killed in A27 crash | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-driver-tragically-killed-in-a27-crash/
```

_Left to right: Charlie, Danny and David_

Tributes have been paid to a young man who was tragically killed in a crash on the A27 near Chichester.

Danny Terry (centre of photo) was driving his black Volkswagen Golf eastbound on the Sussex/Hampshire border about 11.40pm on Wednesday 10 February when he collided with the central reservation.

The 25-year-old, from Havant, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The sole passenger - a 19-year-old man from Havant - received treatment in hospital for serious injuries, and is due to be discharged this week to continue his recovery at home.

Danny's family have issued the following statement:

"Danny was a fully qualified heating engineer and worked in central London as third generation in our family business. He grew up in Kent with his mum and dad, and was always surrounded by family and friends.

"Danny's first love was ice hockey, which he played from the age of seven through to 22 at the Invicta Dynamos ice hockey club in Gillingham. His other interest was going to the gym where he started boxing, playing golf and in his younger years, going to theme parks.

"Danny's passion for ice hockey opened up many windows for him to travel and he was enrolled in an ice hockey school in the Czech Republic, where he met a local up-and-coming ice hockey player called David Krejci. David became an NHL ice hockey with the Boston Bruins.

"The year the Bruins won the Stanley Cup, Danny and his good friend Charlie both received a personal invite from David to come to his home in the Czech Republic to celebrate.

"Our Danny was kind hearted, fun loving and cheeky. He had a way of making everyone feel so at ease.

"In 2020 Danny met and fell in love with his girlfriend Hollie, and soon after decided to move to be closer and eventually they got their first house together in the Portsmouth area. Although they only had a short time together, they made plenty of memories together and had a great circle of friends.

"Danny will leave a huge hole in many of his family and friends' hearts.

"We would like to thank the local police for the kindness, support and professionalism during this time."

A 20-year-old woman and a 23-year-old man, both from Havant, were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. They have since been released on conditional bail until 10 March, pending further enquiries.

The road was closed in both directions for several hours while investigations were carried out, and we'd like to thank the public for their patience and understanding.

Police are appealing for witnesses and are particularly interested to hear from anyone with dash cam footage of the collision, or the Golf or a red Audi A3 being driven in the area prior to the collision.

Please call 101 or email collision.appeal@sussex.pnn.police.uk quoting Operation Westdown.
