```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Scooters worth &#163;1,000 were stolen from a garage.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two boys arrested in relation to Eastbourne burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-boys-arrested-in-relation-to-eastbourne-burglary/
publish:
  date: 13:44 18/01/2021
title: Two boys arrested in relation to Eastbourne burglary | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-boys-arrested-in-relation-to-eastbourne-burglary/
```

Police investigating a break-in at a garage in Eastbourne have made two arrests.

Two scooters worth £1,000 were reported as stolen from a garage in Meadowlands Avenue on Thursday (January 14).

Thanks to information received from the public, the scooters were both found and recovered by police on Friday (January 15).

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of burglary other than dwelling, handling stolen goods and possession with intent to supply a controlled Class B drug (cannabis).

A 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and possession of a controlled Class B drug (cannabis).

They have both been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

Police have recently seen a spate of break-ins to sheds and outbuildings in the Old Town and Hampden Park areas of Eastbourne, with a number of bicycles also being stolen.

_One of the bicycles that has been reported stolen_

Members of the public are being urged to stay vigilant and to take steps to protect their property, and to report any suspicious behaviour to police.

Inspector Sarah Taylor, of the Eastbourne Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We have seen a recent rise in reports of shed break-ins and bicycle thefts in areas of Eastbourne, and we are actively investigating.

"We ask anyone who sees any suspicious behaviour, particularly in areas around sheds and garages, to report it to us. No matter how small you think the information may be, it could help us piece together a bigger picture of what is happening and find those responsible.

"We are particularly interested in any information relating to the whereabouts of these bicycles after they have been stolen. If anyone sees or is offered a bicycle or bicycle parts for sale in unusual or concerning circumstances, please get in touch with us."

Police can be contacted online or by calling 101. Alternatively, information can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

There are a number of steps residents can take to protect their property:

 * Register it. Get your bike security marked and registered at BikeRegister. It's a highly effective, visible deterrent to bike thieves. They know that if they are caught with a registered bike, the owner can be traced and they will be arrested.

 * Record it. Remember to record details of your bike such as the frame number (normally found underneath the bike between the pedals or where the back wheel slots in), the BikeRegister number plus any other distinguishing features, and take a photo.

 * Double-lock it. It can take thieves as little as few seconds to cut through some locks, so use two good quality locks, at least one of which is a D-lock. This includes when locking outdoors and inside a shed.

See here for more information and advice on how to secure your shed and garage.
