```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The driver has received a significant sentence and disqualification.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman who crashed into cyclist was more than four times the drink-drive limit
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-who-crashed-into-cyclist-was-more-than-four-times-the-drink-drive-limit/
publish:
  date: 13:08 09/03/2021
title: Woman who crashed into cyclist was more than four times the drink-drive limit | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-who-crashed-into-cyclist-was-more-than-four-times-the-drink-drive-limit/
```

A woman who struck a cyclist while more than four times the drink-drive limit has been convicted in court.

Around 1.45pm on 13 November, a 44-year-old local woman was cycling along the A2037 at Small Dole when she was hit from behind by a vehicle which failed to stop at the scene.

She sustained multiple injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment, and was discharged the following day to continue her recovery at home.

Witnesses reported a silver Land Rover Freelander having been involved, and the vehicle was located by police nearby shortly afterwards.

The registered owner was identified as Sonal Shah, 42, a designer, of Penlands Vale, Steyning.

After failing a roadside breath test, she was arrested and charged with driving with 153mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in her system, and failing to stop after a road traffic collision. The legal limit is 35mcg.

She pleaded guilty to both offences, and at Worthing Magistrates' Court on 22 February, she was sentenced to 17 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 24 months. She was also disqualified from driving for five years, and must complete 120 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months.

Investigating officer, PC Ant Baker, of the Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "We hope this sentencing serves as a warning to anyone who thinks about driving under the influence of drink or drugs. It is a serious offence with serious consequences and we will actively target those road users who choose to put others at risk."

Drink and drug-driving is one of the five most common causes of fatal and serious injury collisions on our roads, along with speeding, mobile phone use, not wearing a seatbelt and careless driving.

Sussex Police will continue to work with partners, providing education and enforcement 365 days a year, in a bid to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the roads, and to crack down on offenders.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
