```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The incident was initially reported by a police CCTV operator.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after police quickly respond to disturbance in Bexhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrested-after-police-quickly-respond-to-disturbance-in-bexhill/
publish:
  date: 08:53 04/09/2020
title: Three arrested after police quickly respond to disturbance in Bexhill | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/three-arrested-after-police-quickly-respond-to-disturbance-in-bexhill/
```

Police arrested three people after quickly responding to reports of a disturbance in Bexhill town centre.

Officers were alerted to an altercation in Western Road by a police CCTV operator at 00:21am on Wednesday (September 2).

Police have attended and met the victims on London Road at 00:33am. The two men reported being assaulted by a group of three people in Western Road and then again in Town Hall Square.

Officers arrested two people at the scene - a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of two counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and a 19-year-old man on suspicion of racially / religiously aggravated assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possession of a Class B drug.

A third person - a 16-year-old boy - was later arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.

All three have been released on conditional bail until September 29 while enquiries continue.

Inspector Jonathan Hartley, of the Rother prevention team, said: "We have CCTV operators monitoring a number of busy areas in the town, and incidents like this prove how invaluable those eyes can be.

"The swift actions of the CCTV operator working closely with officers on the ground enabled us to respond to the disturbance quickly and with adequate resource, making sure our victims were supported and arrests were made within a short space of time.

"We still encourage people to contact police to report a crime. People should always call 999 in an emergency."

Anyone who saw what happened or who has any other information about the incident is asked to contact police online or call 101 quoting serial 32 of 02/09.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
