```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police are working with partner agencies to tackle this behaviour.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive policing to tackle anti-social behaviour in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/proactive-policing-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 19:38 16/09/2020
title: Proactive policing to tackle anti-social behaviour in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/proactive-policing-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-worthing/
```

Police in Worthing continue to remain committed to tackle anti-social behaviour and disorder in the town.

Officers and staff from the local prevention and investigation teams have been proactively policing issues of ASB and disorder in the town centre, which is being caused by a small minority of people.

Over the last few weeks, the police activity has included:

• Kirsten Hocking, 28, being recalled to prison after being charged with three counts of theft, public order, common assault and four breaches of her Criminal Behaviour Order.

• Daniel Loveday, 35, of no fixed address was charged with breaching a Community Protection Notice and will next appear at court on 15 September. Loveday was also convicted of being drunk in a public place and a further breach of his CPN. He pleaded guilty and was fined £85 and order to pay £34 for victim services.

• Brian Lee, 41, of no fixed address was recalled to prison after revoking his licence.

• Eric Manners, 48, of no fixed address was charged with being drunk and disorderly in a public place. He was released on police bail and will appear at Worthing Magistrates' Court on 10 November.

• Rafal Damasiewicz, 34, of no fixed address was arrested and later charged with burglary other than dwelling with intent to steal, obstruct or resist a constable in execution of duty and assault by beating of an emergency worker. He will appear at Worthing Magistrates' Court on 9 November.

• Kerry Goldsmith 38, from Worthing was summonsed for being drunk in a public place and for breaching a dispersal order. She will appear at Worthing Magistrates' Court at a date to be set.

 * A man was arrested and received a caution for a public order offence and breaching a dispersal order.

Adur and Worthing Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter said: "We understand the effect that anti-social behaviour and disorder can have on local residents and we are determined to work hard for our communities to provide realistic and sustainable solutions.

"The behaviour being displayed by a small minority can be disruptive to the community and we understand the difficulties they are causing.

"My teams have been using policing powers available to them - including activating dispersal orders and issuing dispersal notices to those not complying with the order - in a bid to prevent this behaviour from continuing.

"We are working closely with partner agencies, including the council and housing agencies, to ensure we are all robustly tackling this matter and we will enforce our police powers around ASB, including drinking in the street, if necessary. Some of these powers include increasing uniformed patrols in the affected areas, dispersal orders and arrests of the perpetrators if required.

"If you witness ASB or people causing disorder we urge you to make contact with us and to report all of the relevant information to assist any future police investigations.

"Let's work together and tackle this behaviour to ensure the disruption to the community is prevented."
