```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "The defendant was more than three times the legal limit, but suggested his arrest was \u201Coverkill\u201D."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink-driver crashed into ditch just yards from his house
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-crashed-into-ditch-just-yards-from-his-house/
publish:
  date: 12:41 11/03/2021
title: Drink-driver crashed into ditch just yards from his house | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/drink-driver-crashed-into-ditch-just-yards-from-his-house/
```

A drink-driver who crashed into a ditch just metres from his home and described his arrest as "overkill" has been disqualified.

Nicholas Hall was found to be more than three times the drink-drive limit after the incident in Rock Road, Storrington, which was reported to police about 8.46pm on Thursday 18 February.

After failing a roadside breath test and being arrested, Hall told the arresting officer: "This is ridiculous. I've just put the car in the mud and that's it."

The 55-year-old club owner, of Gorse Bank Close, Storrington, was subsequently taken into custody, where he provided a sample of 119mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath. The legal limit is 35mcg.

He was charged with drink-driving and pleaded guilty at Crawley Magistrates' Court on Friday 5 March. He was given a 12 month community order, disqualified from driving for 24 months, fined £153, and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Investigating officer, PC Steve Lambeth, of the Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "We take all reports of drink-driving very seriously. Drink-driving even a short distance can destroy lives, and just a small amount of alcohol can significantly impair your ability to drive safely.

"But perhaps the more worrying aspect of this case is the complete arrogance and neglect displayed by Hall, who felt we were over-reacting by responding to this incident. Thankfully in this case, no one was hurt by his actions.

"The sentence passed by the magistrates demonstrates that it doesn't matter how far you travel - if you are under the influence, you are breaking the law and you are posing a massive risk to yourself and other road users."

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

People in Sussex can text officers on 65999 with the details of people they suspect of drink or drug-driving, or visit the Operation Crackdown website.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
