```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Please keep your celebrations within Tier 4 guidelines.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stay in this New Year&#39;s Eve to help save lives
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/stay-in-this-new-years-eve-to-help-save-lives/
publish:
  date: 15:15 30/12/2020
title: Stay in this New Year&#39;s Eve to help save lives | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/stay-in-this-new-years-eve-to-help-save-lives/
```

Sussex Police is urging local communities to continue to follow the Tier 4 regulations to help save lives this New Year's Eve and into next year.

We know 2020 has been an incredibly difficult year for everyone and, although many will want to celebrate, the rules are there to protect people.

It is vital the restrictions are followed to curb the spread of the new more transmittable variant of the virus and police will be taking enforcement action where necessary if these are blatantly breached.

Chief Superintendent Julia Pope said: "Your decisions and the actions you take now could help save lives.

"We are at an absolutely crucial stage in the pandemic where Sussex has been moved into the highest level of restrictions due to a new strain of the virus.

"Please stick to the rules; stay in, keep celebrations small, don't invite people round for a party, or attend gatherings ** ** of more than two people from different households outside.

"Where there are blatant breaches and reckless flouting of these regulations then we will intervene, we will be robust and we will take enforcement action.

"Please continue to work with us and help save lives - and hopefully next year things will be better."

This follows as 11 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) were issued after receiving reports of a house party in breach of regulations on 30 December.

Police attended a report of a house party in Stanford Avenue, Brighton shortly after midnight. Officers were initially refused entry by the occupants and three FPNs were issued.

After a further call reporting more people at the address, eight more fixed penalty notices were issued, including to those who had already been given tickets and returned, and the group was dispersed.

Ch Supt Pope added: "This is a clear example of Sussex Police taking robust action against those flagrantly flouting restrictions and putting others at risk.

"This group of individuals came from various parts of London and showed no regard for the rules by coming to Brighton to socialise during this public health crisis.

"We're hugely grateful to the vast majority of people who continue to do the right thing by adhering to the Tier 4 regulations to keep themselves and others safe.

"We need to protect our NHS to prevent hospitals reaching full capacity, please help us by doing the right thing."
