```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: One man also pleaded guilty to theft.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three people plead guilty to assaulting a man in Bexhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/three-people-plead-guilty-to-assaulting-a-man-in-bexhill/
publish:
  date: 16:13 07/07/2020
title: Three people plead guilty to assaulting a man in Bexhill | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/three-people-plead-guilty-to-assaulting-a-man-in-bexhill/
```

Three people have pleaded guilty to assaulting a man in Bexhill.

The victim was walking along Holliers Hill around 11.30pm on Sunday 31 May when he noticed a yellow Audi drive past him several times before stopping nearby.

Three people - two men and a boy - got out of the vehicle and approached the victim before suddenly attacking him, punching him repeatedly to the face.

The victim managed to break free briefly before falling over, where he was then further attacked while on the ground.

After the three suspects left the scene, the victim realised his Apple Air Pods and £250 cash were missing from his pocket.

Police were called and attended the scene. They began a search for the yellow Audi and less than an hour later, at 00.30am on Monday 1 June, the vehicle was found on Bexhill Road, St Leonards.

The three suspects - Cameron Skilton, Reece Ripley and a 15-year-old boy who cannot be named for legal reasons - were found inside the car and were arrested. Ripley was found to have £230 in cash hidden in his sock when he was searched in custody.

Skilton, 22, a labourer, of Oak Road, Bexhill, pleaded guilty to assault and theft when he appeared at Hove Crown Court on June 30.

Ripley, 20, unemployed, of Sidley Green, Bexhill, pleaded guilty to assault when he appeared at Hove Crown Court on the same date.

They have both been remanded in custody for sentencing on August 6.

The 15-year-old boy also pleaded guilty to assault. He has been released on court bail for sentencing on August 6.

Detective Police Constable Sam Collyer said: "This was a terrifying and unprovoked attack which left the victim very shaken.

"Our officers were quick to identify the vehicle and persons involved, and we're pleased to have secured guilty pleas from all three offenders."
