```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The warrant is part of wider police work to address drug issues and associated anti-social behaviour in the Langney area.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs seized as police execute warrant in Eastbourne
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/drugs-seized-as-police-execute-warrant-in-eastbourne/
publish:
  date: 11:51 27/11/2020
title: Drugs seized as police execute warrant in Eastbourne | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/drugs-seized-as-police-execute-warrant-in-eastbourne/
```

Police executed a warrant at an address in Eastbourne as part of continued work to tackle drugs and drug-related harm in the community.

Officers from the Tactical Enforcement Unit (TEU) attended the address in Langney Rise on Wednesday (November 25) and seized crack cocaine and heroin with an estimated street value of around £1,000.

The warrant is part of wider police work to address drug issues and associated anti-social behaviour in the Langney area, particularly around Etchingham Road.

Inspector Rachel Barrow, of the Eastbourne Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We are listening and responding to the concerns of residents in the area, as we understand the disorder associated with drugs can be distressing for people in our communities.

"As well as addressing the criminality around drugs, our officers are also working closely with partner agencies in a bid to safeguard the vulnerable residents in the area who may be at risk of exploitation and/or cuckooing."

Cuckooing is when the home of a vulnerable person is taken over and used as a base for drug dealing.

As a result of this warrant, a vulnerable resident has been identified and is now being supported by police and other external agencies.

A 17-year-old boy from London was arrested at the property on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a Class A drug. He has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

The drugs supply at the address is believed to part of a county line into Eastbourne. County lines is a term used to refer to drug networks, both gangs and organised crime groups, from large urban areas such as London, who use children and vulnerable adults to carry out illegal activity on their behalf.

Insp Barrow added: "We often see children being exploited by criminal gangs to supply drugs in Sussex. Leaders of the county lines will attempt to entice young people to deal drugs on their behalf, without highlighting the obvious dangers associated with such criminal activity.

"In this case, the county line concerned has been named Phineas and Ferb by those running it. This is a clear attempt by drug dealers at a marketing strategy that appeals to vulnerable people in our community, and they will often use well-known TV characters and nicknames as a business name.

"We will continue to crack down on drug dealing in our community, and we encourage people to report any suspicious activity to us. Even if you think it's a small detail, it all helps to build a bigger picture of the activity ongoing in our community."

People can report information to police online or by calling 101. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
