```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Victim was found in Shripney Road around 9.30pm on Wednesday (February 24).
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating after man is found with serious injuries in Bognor
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-after-man-is-found-with-serious-injuries-in-bognor/
publish:
  date: 11:40 25/02/2021
title: Police investigating after man is found with serious injuries in Bognor | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/police-investigating-after-man-is-found-with-serious-injuries-in-bognor/
```

Updated News Post

Police are investigating a suspected assault on a man in Bognor Regis.

About 9.27pm on Wednesday 24 February, a 36-year-old man from the Bognor Regis area was discovered with serious injuries in Shripney Road, near the War Memorial Hospital.

He was taken to Southampton General Hospital for treatment for a chest injury, where he remains in a stable condition.

The incident is being investigated as a suspected stabbing, and police are appealing for witnesses as enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Pauline Lane said: "We are treating this as an isolated incident and there is nothing at this stage to suggest there is a threat to the wider community.

"There will be an increased police presence in the area while we work to establish the full circumstances.

"A section of Shripney Road has been closed while we carry out further enquiries, and I'd like to thank the public for their patience and understanding while our investigation is ongoing.

"We're urging anyone with any information, or who witnessed anything suspicious in the area, to report it online or call 101, quoting Operation Seaspray."

District Commander, Chief Inspector Jon Carter said "I understand that incidents like this are likely to cause people to be concerned about their safety.

"Sussex Police are working hard to tackle knife crime, and we have regular proactive policing operations to tackle it. This matter is being investigated as a priority, and we are taking swift action to identify and arrest those involved.

"We are committed to catching those who engage in criminality and protecting the community."

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.
