```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Dedicated detectives are continuing to work on the case.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police commitment to Georgina Gharsallah case remains
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/missing-people/police-commitment-to-georgina-gharsallah-case-remains/
publish:
  date: 12:22 30/12/2019
title: Police commitment to Georgina Gharsallah case remains | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/missing-people/police-commitment-to-georgina-gharsallah-case-remains/
```

Sussex Police continue to investigate the disappearance of Georgina Gharsallah.

Georgina, 32, was last seen on March 7 2018, leaving Clifton Food and Wines store in Clifton Road, Worthing. Since this date, dedicated detectives have continued to work on the case in a bid to find Georgina.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Wolstenholme said: "We remain dedicated to investigating the disappearance of Georgina and progressing any credible lines of enquiry.

"Appeals and information about her disappearance have been published not only on our website and social media, but by local media too, and these have included potential sightings and a video appeal from the family and another senior officer.

"We have been able to work with the Missing Persons and Crimestoppers charity, the latter of which are providing a £10,000 reward for information which leads to the discovery of Georgina.

"Despite all of this and all other investigative lines of enquiry to date, we have been unable to find any proof that Georgina is alive and the case was re-classified as a homicide in August this year. We are committed to recording suspected crimes fairly, openly and accurately and following a number of vital enquiries to test 'proof of life' were unable to conclusively show that Georgina is alive, I took the decision to record her disappearance as homicide.

"This will undoubtedly be an extremely difficult time of year for the family and friends of Georgina, who continue to wait for answers they desperately need.

"We know someone must know something as it is simply impossible for someone to disappear without a trace. If you have any information which you believe could assist us in our investigation please get in touch with us by going online or calling 101 quoting Operation Pavo. Alternatively, You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online."
