```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Christopher Light was detained with the help of two off-duty officers.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific thief jailed just days after latest conviction
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-thief-jailed-just-days-after-latest-conviction/
publish:
  date: 14:14 31/12/2020
title: Prolific thief jailed just days after latest conviction | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/prolific-thief-jailed-just-days-after-latest-conviction/
```

A man caught breaking into a car - just days after being convicted of similar offences - has been jailed.

On Monday 21 December, Christopher Light was sentenced for four counts of vehicle interference in the Wickhurst Green area of Broadbridge Heath.

He was given a 12-month community order which included an electronic tag for monitoring.

But just a week later, on Monday 28 December, he was witnessed rummaging through the glovebox of a car in Ellis Road.

Light was challenged by a neighbour, at which point he made off. Two off-duty police officers were alerted, and together they detained the suspect until further police arrived at the scene.

The 42-year-old, of Broadbridge Heath, was arrested and found to be in possession of a bank card belonging to another person.

He was subsequently charged with vehicle interference, theft of a bank card and breach of a community order.

Due to the seriousness and number of offences, Light was remanded in custody to appear before Brighton Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 30 December, where he was sentenced to a total of 32 weeks' imprisonment.

Acting Sergeant Andy Bryant, of the Horsham Neighbourhood Response Team, said: "This custodial sentence is a result of persistent offending by an individual who has received multiple warnings in the past.

"Light is well known in the local area, largely due to the vigilance of residents in looking out for one another.

"Thanks to them, he will see in the New Year behind bars, which we hope will provide some reassurance to the local community.

"I'd also like to urge people to take steps to prevent vehicle crime - lock it when it is not in use, don't leave anything of value on display or in the vehicle at all, and try to park in an area which is well lit or covered by CCTV."

For further advice on how to protect your vehicle, see our crime prevention page here.
