```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The order will be in place for 48 hours.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal order issued to tackle anti-social behaviour in Tarring
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/dispersal-order-issued-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-tarring/
publish:
  date: 17:33 19/06/2020
title: Dispersal order issued to tackle anti-social behaviour in Tarring | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/dispersal-order-issued-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-tarring/
```

Police issue a stark warning to those committing anti-social behaviour in the Adur and Worthing area that it will not be tolerated.

Officers are aware of a small minority of young people committing anti-social behaviour in the Tarring area of Worthing. Some of this behaviour has included assaults, drug issues and group gatherings despite the Government's advice on social distancing.

Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter for Adur and Worthing said: "This behaviour we are currently seeing is completely unacceptable and is causing tension within the community.

"A small minority of young people in this area think it is acceptable to intimidate others in the park, deal drugs and commit ASB. I want to put out a strong message that this is unacceptable and we will be ensuring we are utilising the relevant policing powers to tackle this behaviour

"This will include an increase in targeted patrols, working with partner agencies and arrests where appropriate.

"We have also issued a section 34 dispersal order for the weekend in the Tarring area and this will be in place for 48hours.

"The dispersal order will enable officers and PCSOs to direct a person who has committed, or is likely to commit, anti-social behaviour, crime or disorder to leave a specified area and not return for a specified period of up to 48 hours.

"Our officers will be out patrolling and engaging with this small minority about the dispersal order and the current government guidance around the coronavirus. Officers will engage, explain and encourage and only if absolutely necessary, enforce.

"This order should be a warning to all those conducting anti-social behaviour that we are using the relevant powers available to us to tackle this behaviour.

"We are aware of reports coming to us both through our channels but also through social media platforms. We urge anyone who has been a witness or victim of this crime to make contact with us directly to ensure the relevant policing action is taken."

To report matters of anti-social behaviour please report online or call 101.
