```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Kai Palmer and Savanna Harby remanded in custody.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two in court on Brighton firearms and drugs charges
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-in-court-on-brighton-firearms-and-drugs-charges/
publish:
  date: 13:46 30/10/2020
title: Two in court on Brighton firearms and drugs charges | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/two-in-court-on-brighton-firearms-and-drugs-charges/
```

A man and woman have appeared in court charged with firearms and drugs offences, following an incident in Brighton in which a firearm was reported to have been discharged.

Kai Palmer, 22, and Savanna Harby,18, both unemployed and of Golden Lane, Brighton, appeared in custody at Brighton Magistrates Court on Friday (30 October).

Palmer was charged with; possession of cannabis, possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life, possessing prohibited ammunition, possessing a firearm when already prohibited from doing so for five years, and possessing a firearm with intent to cause fear.

Harby was charged with; possession of cannabis, possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life, and possessing prohibited ammunition.

They were remanded in custody to appear at Lewes Crown Court on 27 November.

The prosecution, authorised by the CPS, follows an investigation by Brighton detectives into the incident in Rock Place, Brighton, on 19 October, in which a firearm was reported to have been discharged.

About 3pm on Wednesday (28 October) officers attended a property in Golden Lane in connection with the investigation and arrested the two people who have now been charged.

Officers seized a revolver and ammunition at an address in New Road, Brighton.

A 24-year-old woman was also arrested, on suspicion of assisting an offender and was later released on police bail while enquiries continue. While carrying out the warrant, officers seized a significant quantity of cannabis. A 49-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of cultivation of a Class B drug and assisting an offender and was also bailed.

Superintendent Rachel Swinney said: "We have carried out an intensive investigation into the circumstances of this incident and can reassure local people that we don't believe there is any wider threat to the community."
