```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Police have been able to act on information from the public.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers conduct days of action to tackle crime in Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/officers-conduct-days-of-action-to-tackle-crime-in-sussex/
publish:
  date: 10:48 29/05/2020
title: Officers conduct days of action to tackle crime in Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/officers-conduct-days-of-action-to-tackle-crime-in-sussex/
```

Acting on information from the public, officers have been busy cracking down on crime.

The force has been undertaking a number of days of actions recently, tackling the problems and issues which are affecting the communities the most.

We have always focused on core policing throughout this public health emergency, preventing, investigating and detecting crime and keeping people safe.

In the last month, the Worthing Prevent team conducted three warrants off the back of intelligence received from members of the public.

At a property in Naldrett Close, Horsham, officers seized nearly £7,000 in cash and a significant amount of cannabis. A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class B drug and has been released under investigation while enquiries are ongoing.

The team conducted a further two warrants, one in Ham Road, Worthing, and the second in Crabtree Lane in Lancing. A quantity of cannabis cash was seized from both locations and three people in total, two men and a woman, were arrested for drug offences.

Assistant Chief Constable Julia Chapman said: "We are aware of a number of issues affecting the different communities across the county and we have been listening to those concerns.

"Drugs issues and dealing can have a huge impact on communities and we will not tolerate this behaviour.

"Thanks to vigilant members of the public reporting matters to us, we are able to build a picture of intelligence and decide on the best action to take."

In Brighton, officers arrested two men on suspicion of robbery after a man reported being held at knifepoint and robbed in Western Road, Brighton. A 37-year-old man and a 51-year-old man were questioned and released on bail until next month.

Officers also later closed a disused building in St James's Street which was suspected of being used as a squat in connection with the investigation.

ACC Chapman added: "Anti-social behaviour has no place in community and we work closely with partner agencies to tackle this. We appreciate the patience from those affected while we do so.

"We would encourage members of the public to report matters of anti-social behaviour to us to ensure this behaviour is tackled robustly."

And in Eastbourne, prevention officers on patrol in Eastbourne stopped a gold Nissan Micra which, the previous day, had been reported by a member of the public as being involved in numerous suspected drug deals.

The vehicle and its driver - Emigert Cenmurati - were searched. Bags of cocaine and cannabis with a combined estimated street value of around £4,000 were found, alongside a large quantity of cash.

Cenmurati, 26, of Seaside, Eastbourne, was charged with possession with intent to supply controlled drugs of Class A and Class B, acquiring / using / possessing criminal property, driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence and driving without insurance. He has been remanded in custody for sentencing on 8 June.

ACC Chapman added: "This was a fantastic result following intelligence received from a member of the public which officers were able to quickly act on. The action from the officers has disrupted the distribution of drugs which can cause serious harm and impact to communities.

"We would like to thank the public for their support in reporting matters of drugs and anti-social behaviour to us and enabling a bigger intelligence picture to be developed. Together we can tackle this behaviour."

You can report crimes to us either online or by calling 101.
