```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: She has been identified as Mia Craen, 18, from Horsham.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes paid to teenager tragically killed in Southwater collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-teenager-tragically-killed-in-southwater-collision/
publish:
  date: 16:02 01/02/2021
title: Tributes paid to teenager tragically killed in Southwater collision | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/tributes-paid-to-teenager-tragically-killed-in-southwater-collision/
```

A family has paid tribute to a teenager who was tragically killed in a crash in Southwater.

Mia Craen was driving her white Fiat 500 on the B2237 Worthing Road about 12.30pm on Saturday 30 January when she collided with a tree.

The 18-year-old, from Horsham, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Her mother Michelle Craen issued the following tribute to her:

"Mia was a bright, shining star. Everyone who met her, even if they didn't know her, loved her. She was constantly smiling, always positive and brought peace to everyone. She had an amazing zest for life and never had a bad word to say about anyone. She was truly unique.

"We have been amazed by the amount of people who have contacted us about Mia. We want to thank them all for their lovely words. We haven't been able to thank everyone. We'd also like to say thank you to the flowers, cards and offers of food, and to our church, Latitude, for their support and organisation of meals.

"Mia worked part time at McDonald's, At Buck Barn. She was due to start her apprenticeship at Eurovia today (1 February) which she was very excited about.

"Mia was born in Poole, Dorset, but she spent most of her life in Horsham. She was a goalkeeper at Horsham Hockey Club and was destined for great things - she won player of the season twice, despite only playing for them for two seasons. She also played for Sussex.

"Mia was also part of Horsham Triathlon Club, Atlantis Swimming Club and played for Sparrows Football Club when she was aged six to eight. She was a brilliant runner and enjoyed cycling.

"Mia went to Greenway Academy, Millais and Collyer's, and also played football for Millais School.

"Her aspirations were to try her best, and to do everything with boundless optimism and positivity.

"Mia leaves behind myself, her dad Peter, and siblings Finlay and Jude. She has family all over the world.

"Mia's zest for life makes me think I should get a band with 'what would Mia do' (WWMD), as she grabbed life with both hands. She never did anything half-heartedly. We know that getting used to Mia not being around is going to be hard."

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses to determine what happened. Anyone who saw a white Fiat 500 travelling in the area immediately before the collision - or anyone who captured what happened on dash cam - is asked to email collision.appeal@sussex.pnn.police.uk quoting Operation Sunningdale.
