```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Senior colleagues have thanked them.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Brighton officers praised for bravery during critical incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/brighton-officers-praised-for-bravery-during-critical-incidents/
publish:
  date: 13:39 16/11/2020
title: Brighton officers praised for bravery during critical incidents | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/brighton-officers-praised-for-bravery-during-critical-incidents/
```

Senior officers at Brighton and Hove Police have praised colleagues for their bravery in ensuring the safety of two individuals in critical situations over the weekend.

Officers were called to Victoria Road at 11am on Saturday (14 November) to reports of concern for the welfare of a woman on the roof of a four-storey building.

Ambulance and fire crews were on route to the scene when it was feared the woman may slip due to the bad weather.

PC Brandon Willcox and PC Stuart Ellis, realising that they had little option but to act in order to ensure her safety, responded quickly with PC Willcox stepping out on to a high ledge supported by his colleague in order to be able to reach the woman. The officers worked quickly together to ensure their own safety and safety help the woman back into the property.

About 5am earlier that day, police were called to Brighton Pier to reports of a man in difficulty in the water after reportedly climbing onto the roof of the pier and falling off.

Officers reached the incident within three minutes of a call being made and found the man to be in the water about 50ft from the shore in choppy and challenging conditions. The officers gave the man advice and kept close watch of him until Coastguard attended and brought him to safety.

The officers involved in both incidents have been commended for their actions.

Superintendent Rachel Swinney said: "I absolutely commend the actions of our officers in bravely stepping in to ensure the safety of these individuals in such critical situations.

"These are examples of the kinds of challenges and difficult fast-time decisions our teams make on a daily basis and I am extremely proud of my colleagues.

"We don't know for certain what would have happened if these officers hadn't have made the choices they did, but to my mind two lives were saved.

"Policing is not just about arresting offenders and preventing crime from happening. It's also about being there for the people who need us most and making sure they are safe.

"I hope this provides the public with some insight into the kind of work we carry out on a daily basis to look after our local communities."
