```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: "Opportunity to support the police\u2019s work tackling issues affecting your community."
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Could you join our East Sussex Independent Advisory Group?
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/could-you-join-our-east-sussex-independent-advisory-group/
publish:
  date: 11:31 16/09/2020
title: Could you join our East Sussex Independent Advisory Group? | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/could-you-join-our-east-sussex-independent-advisory-group/
```

Do you live in East Sussex and could you support the police's work tackling the issues affecting your community?

Police in East Sussex are looking for volunteers to share their views as part of an Independent Advisory Group (IAG), helping to shape and support the policing priorities across the district.

The role will provide feedback and advice on how the police's actions are interpreted by members of the public, and seek to improve the two-way communications between police in East Sussex and the diverse communities of the area.

IAGs consider local issues such as stop and search figures, hate crime statistics, critical incidents or issues raised as relevant and topical to the public.

IAGs aim to:

 * Maximise the trust and confidence of the diverse communities of East Sussex through communication, exchanges of views and discussion of police issues;
 * Provide a forum for the community to help shape service delivery;
 * Enable Sussex Police locally, to develop policies and procedures that are both accessible and transparent;
 * Increase our engagement with communities and help expand the potential for community involvement in policing;
 * Act as a 'critical friend' to review policing and policy decisions and debrief incidents and operations.

Chief Superintendent Tanya Jones said: "I am proud of the work my staff do on a daily basis to keep communities safe. The police however, cannot even begin to tackle local issues of public concern if we do not know, understand and engage with the communities we serve.

"We must always work to have, maintain and grow, the trust and confidence of local communities, to work with us to tackle issues of crime and disorder in a transparent, inclusive and accessible way.

"The IAG should accurately reflect the diversity of East Sussex and we would like to encourage applications from underrepresented communities and groups.

"We also want the group to be a fair representation of the different districts within East Sussex, and so we are particularly keen to hear from people in Wealden, Seahaven and rural Rother."

The IAG's ultimate aim is that members contribute positively to the effectiveness of policing across East Sussex; to increase public trust, confidence, respect, accountability and partnership which exists between the police and the communities it serves.

Meetings are quarterly, normally on a Monday evening, and will allow a representation of local people to have a voice in policing. Independent Advisory Group members will be entitled to the reimbursement of reasonable costs incurred by participating, such as travel.

If you are over the age of 16 and would like to express an interest in becoming a member of the IAG, please email your details, including your name, contact details and area where you live or community you represent, to ES_Secretariat@sussex.pnn.police.uk by October 2, 2020.
