```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Driving under the influence of drink or drugs is unacceptable and it will not be tolerated.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers results in 212 arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-results-in-212-arrests/
publish:
  date: 12:52 08/01/2021
title: Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers results in 212 arrests | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-results-in-212-arrests/
```

A Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers has led to 212 arrests across Sussex in just four weeks.

The campaign is run twice a year - in addition to routine roads policing 365 days a year - with the aim of protecting the public from the dangers of drink and drug-driving by educating motorists and targeting offenders.

A total of 212 arrests were made by Sussex Police during the operation, which ran from 1 December to 1 January inclusive. This was an approximate 50-50 split of drink-driving and drug-driving.

During the same period, Surrey Police made 186 arrests.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said:

"These statistics show that there is still a minority of people who think drink and drug-driving is acceptable, with little regard to their lives or those of other people.

"There is simply no excuse for this and we will always take these incidents extremely seriously.

"Fortunately, the vast majority of road users are sensible and law-abiding but there are still some people who refuse to comply.

"It cannot be overstated how enormous the consequences of drink and drug-driving are. Even a small amount of alcohol or drugs can impair your judgement and seriously increase the risk of you injuring or killing yourself or someone else.

"We will be identifying anyone who is convicted as a result of this campaign, and we hope that this will serve as an extra deterrent to those people who refuse to stop this unacceptable behaviour."

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.

This campaign is run in conjunction with the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership and DriveSmart in Surrey.
