```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Warrants were executed.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested in Brighton day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/four-arrested-in-brighton-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 17:21 28/08/2020
title: Four arrested in Brighton day of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/four-arrested-in-brighton-day-of-action/
```

Police made four arrests during a day of action in Brighton on Tuesday (25 August). Teams from local prevention teams came together to tackle violence and knife crime using funding recently secured from the Home Office.

Officers arrested a suspect wanted in connection with an altercation in Grand Avenue on 25 June. Byron Taylor, 33, of Somerhill Avenue in Hove, had failed to appear on police bail on 22 July after being arrested for criminal damage. He was subsequently charged with causing criminal damage and has been bailed to appear in court at a date to be determined.

A short time later, officers carried out an arrest of a suspect in Blatchington Road following a report of racially abusive language being used towards a woman during an incident in Worthing on 15 August. A 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated fear or provocation of violence and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

About 8pm, officers executed a warrant at an address in Brighton after a suspect failed to attend court to face charges of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place after a man was reportedly seen with a knife in Wild Park on 12 May. A 54-year-old man was further arrested for failing to appear in court and remanded to Brighton Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (26 August).

At 10pm a warrant was executed after a man failed to appear in court after being charged with possessing an offensive weapon in a public place. He was arrested after a knife was recovered at the Pavilion on 28 May. Dillano Van Der Bent, 20, of Kenilworth Close was further charged with failing to surrender to police bail and bailed subject to strict conditions.

Inspector Lawrence McAndrew said: "This is a great example of our teams working together to get results for Brighton and Hove.

"Every effort will be made to locate dangerous items such as knives and remove them from our communities.

"If you have any information about knife crime or violence, we want to hear from you so we can take action."

Anyone with information can report online or call 101. In an emergency always dial 999.
