```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: PC Kodie Skinner was praised by a member of the public for her swift and kind actions just hours into her new role
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Meet the new PC recruits making a positive impact in West Sussex
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/meet-the-new-pc-recruits-protecting-communities-in-west-sussex/
publish:
  date: 12:31 04/09/2020
title: Meet the new PC recruits making a positive impact in West Sussex | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/meet-the-new-pc-recruits-protecting-communities-in-west-sussex/
```

New PC apprentices in West Sussex have been busy responding to emergencies, catching criminals and safeguarding the vulnerable since joining the force's new specialist police officer Coaching Units in stations in Horsham, Worthing and Bognor Regis in June.

PC Kodie Skinner was just minutes into her new role as a police officer when she was called to her first incident. Alongside her dedicated coach PC Nathan Tracey and a fellow recruit, she responded to reports of an elderly female found confused and lost in Bognor by a member of the public.

Kodie's swift and compassionate response on her first incident secured a timely, positive outcome and prompted a letter of thanks to the force from a member of the public, praising her actions.

"The elderly lady was agitated and unable to speak when we arrived on scene, so I calmed and reassured her, and managed to elicit her first name," said Kodie.

"She seemed cold so I coaxed her into sitting in the police car where she would be warmer. She didn't know where she lived or match any missing person reports, so, knowing the local area, I liaised with a local dementia hub and GP surgeries to identify her and her next of kin from her first name. It turned out she was 90 and lived in a care home thirty minutes' walk away. We got her home safe and well, and ensured safeguarding measures were in place."

"This outcome meant a lot to me as my main desire in joining up was to protect the most vulnerable," added Kody, who managed care homes in Bognor for ten years before achieving her ambition of joining the force.

"I was really touched that the lady's son wrote to the force. He said that as police officers are so often criticised, it's good to give praise where it is due."

_New recruit PC Kodie Skinner_

The 24 West Sussex apprentices primarily work in frontline response during their time in the Coaching Units, accompanied and guided by their coaches, who are experienced officers. They also gain valuable experience working with Investigations, Road Policing and enforcement teams. In July alone they attended 253 incidents across West Sussex.

Worthing recruit PC Zac Stout seized more than 40 illegal weapons when he took part in his first targeted operation - a warrant undertaken as part of a wider operation tackling serious violence and knife crime.

Accompanied by his coach PC Matt Welch, Zac joined enforcement officers in the search of a property in the Chichester area in August where he uncovered the items - part of a haul of more than 75 illegal weapons and imitation firearms seized at the address. A woman was arrested on suspicion of importing prohibited weapons and has been released under investigation.

"It felt really good to have taken those weapons off the street and to have helped make West Sussex a safer place," said Zac, a former tree surgeon from Bognor.

"It was great working alongside experienced officers from Prevention, Response and Investigations and seeing how they interacted with the public and performed their duties. On a day-to-day basis, being paired with such experienced, knowledgeable coaches, is a great way to learn the job.

West Sussex Superintendent Miles Ockwell said: "I am really impressed with the impact these police constable degree apprentices have made since joining the division in June.

"As well as making arrests, seizing illegal weapons, protecting the vulnerable and tackling issues affecting the day-to-day lives of local residents in West Sussex, the recruits have provided valuable support for our prevention, investigations, roads policing and tactical enforcement teams.

"The difference these new officers are making is down to both their hard work and that of the divisional coaching teams who are training them. The coaching units, which opened across the force in February, are allowing us to effectively deliver the police constable degree apprenticeship, equipping them with the professional requirements of 21st Century policing. A further 25 apprentices will join the West Sussex coaching units this month, having completed their initial training at HQ.

"I am heartened by the great start these recruits have made, and am confident they will continue making a positive difference to the people of West Sussex."

The apprentices are part of a cohort of 60 new officers funded by the Government's national recruitment campaign.

Kodie, Zac and their colleagues will work alongside their coaches until they gain independent patrol status, after which they'll join response teams throughout West Sussex while they continue to study toward their degree.

PC Beth Towers - a former PCSO in the Littlehampton area - will be heading to Chichester after she leaves the coaching unit. Her longer term goal is to join the Safeguarding Investigations Unit, working to protect the most vulnerable adults and children.

"For me, the most significant incident Kodie and I have been to was when we responded, alongside other officers, to reports of a baby being physically abused in the street. We took him into police protection and got him the medical care he needed.

"It was decided he was to go into foster care. It was a very difficult decision as taking a baby away from their parent is obviously a last resort, but in this case I believe it was the right one and meant that we were able to protect the baby from harm."

"What appeals about working in safeguarding investigations is that you get to work with people longer term and see them through the process."

_PC Beth Towers who will be heading to Chichester when she gains independent patrol_

Zac's goal is to work in public order policing: "I'm excited about my first stage of public order training that is coming up. That's the area I would like to specialise in first - and then in 5 years' time I hope to join the Firearms Unit."

"I was a retained firefighter and had my own business in Bognor as a tree surgeon for seven years, but policing was what I really wanted to do," says the dad of one. "It's been going really great. Such a variety of shifts; every day is different."

"I definitely made the right decision in joining up. I look forward to going to work every day. Every day is different."

If you are interested in a career in policing, check out the Sussex Police careers page. You can register you interest ahead of upcoming recruitment campaigns.
