```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Three in custody from Brighton and Shoreham.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug supply arrests in combined Sussex and Met Police operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/drug-supply-arrests-in-combined-sussex-and-met-police-operation/
publish:
  date: 16:20 23/09/2020
title: Drug supply arrests in combined Sussex and Met Police operation | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/drug-supply-arrests-in-combined-sussex-and-met-police-operation/
```

Officers from the Metropolitan Police Flying Squad and Sussex Police worked together to arrest nine people on Tuesday evening (23 September) for a number of different offences including conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (namely cocaine) and being concerned in the acquisition/retention/concealment /disposal of criminal property (namely cash) under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA)

The investigation is related to the large scale supply of Class A drugs identified within the Met, Kent and Sussex areas. It is also part of 'Operation Eternal' \- the Met's operational name to arrest those believed to be using encrypted devices to commit crimes.

One woman aged 26 and eight men aged between 21 and 47 have been taken into custody suites across London and Sussex. Three of the men were arrested in Sussex.

Searches for evidence are being conducted at addresses across London, Kent and Sussex. So far approximately 10 kilos of Class A drugs and £60,000 has been seized.

A kilo of cocaine and £10,000 cash was seized in Sussex.

Detective Inspector Julie Wakeford of the Surrey and Sussex Serious Organised Crime Unit said; "This is a great example of how forces can work together to disrupt crime groups. This operation will have an immediate impact on the availability of Class A drugs in the Brighton and Shoreham area and we will continue to work hard to ensure that the disruption of this supply network is long term. "

Detective Inspector Gail Lilley, from the Met's Flying Squad, said: "Today's arrests are a continued and concerted effort by law enforcement to stop and arrest those involved in the supply of Class A drugs who often have, or show, very little sympathy for the chaos or violence that comes with it.

"Organised Criminal Networks (OCNs) that think they can use encrypted devices, such as EncroChat, to smuggle drugs or weapons into and around the country are now looking over their shoulders as they know that police forces throughout the UK are working together to arrest and prosecute them for their crimes. Today's action is a prime example of officers from different police forces coming together to dismantle OCNs and seize their ill-gotten gains."

Warrants were executed at:

\- Abbey Drive, Dartford
\- A commercial property in Belvedere, DA17
\- Dowells Street, SE10
\- St Mary's Road, Wrotham
\- Cold Blow Crescent, Bexley
\- Sheppey Close, Erith
\- First Avenue, Bexleyheath
\- Wichling Close, Orpington
\- Greenways Crescent, Shoreham
\- Foredown Drive, Portslade
\- Glenfalls Avenue, Brighton
\- May Road, Brighton
