```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Ronald William Parker offended against two boys.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Brighton man sentenced to 18 years for child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/brighton-man-sentenced-to-18-years-for-child-sex-offenceses/
publish:
  date: 12:48 11/12/2020
title: Brighton man sentenced to 18 years for child sex offences | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/brighton-man-sentenced-to-18-years-for-child-sex-offenceses/
```

An elderly Brighton man is starting an 18 year prison sentence for sexual offences against two boys between the 1960s and 1980s.

Ronald William Parker, 82, of Wiltshire House, Lavender Street, Brighton, was sentenced at Lewes Crown Court on Monday 7 December, having pleaded guilty, and will be a registered sex offender indefinitely. He was also given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, to last indefinitely, severely restricting him from any contact with children.

The court heard that Parker had first befriended one of the boys who was fishing on Brighton beach and gained his confidence before assaulting him first at Parker's home in Brighton. He took both away for camping and fishing trips. His other victim was assaulted on while camping overnight on a fishing trip to Dungeness. He also attacked both boys, separately, on trips to the Gower Peninsula in South Wales.

The court also heard that Parker had previously been sentenced twice for similar offences. He was given five years in 1977, and 15 months in 1981 after he assaulted a boy he befriended at the animal sanctuary where he was working.

Detective Constable Tracey Dixon of the Brighton Safeguarding Investigations Unit said; "Both of Parker's victims suffered long term trauma and psychological harm as a result of his systematic and cynical abuse of their youth and vulnerability used for his own sexual gratification. They both made this harm very clear in graphic and compelling statements that Judge Janet Waddicor took into account when sentencing.

"Both victims had recently come forward, separately, to police in Sussex and South Wales, and we worked closely with the investigators in Wales. Their work, allied to ours, ensured that Parker was dealt with for all the offences at the same court.

"This case is another example of the way in which we will always follow up such reports, no matter how long ago the events were, to provide support and access to specialist advice for victims, and to seek justice for them wherever possible."

For further information on reporting child sexual offending, see the Sussex Police website.
