```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers carried out a day of action.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police in Brighton take action on knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-in-brighton-take-action-on-knife-crime-and-drugs/
publish:
  date: 16:00 23/10/2020
title: Police in Brighton take action on knife crime | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-in-brighton-take-action-on-knife-crime-and-drugs/
```

Police in Brighton are taking action on knife crime and drugs through high-visibility patrols, community engagement and by making proactive arrests.

During a day of action on Friday (16 October) officers made three arrests in the city whilst the Force's knife crime engagement van went to local colleges to educate students about the risks associated with knife possession.

Students heard real-life stories of people whose lives have been impacted by knife crime and receive information and advice on where they can get help and support.

Whilst carrying out patrols at The Level officers made two arrests.

A 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a Class B drug after a knuckle duster and cannabis were recovered. The knuckle duster was seized and the suspect cautioned.

A 23-year-old man was arrested after failed to turn up to court to face charges of being suspected to be concerned in the supply of crack cocaine. Jason Barrett, of no fixed address, was bailed to appear at Crown Court on 13 November.

PC Barrett said: "Residents of Brighton and Hove can expect to see more of us in the coming weeks and months as we ramp up our proactive tactics for keeping the city safe.

"Tackling complex issues such as knife possession isn't just about increased police patrols - which is why we're trying to prevent young people from becoming involved in crime by educating them on the risks and providing support."

Knife amnesty bins are available in police stations across Sussex- safely dispose of knives with no questions asked.

Sussex is a safe place to live, and we take any reports of knife crime seriously in Sussex so it continues to be. If you're concerned or have information about knife crime, you can report online or via 101. In an emergency always dial 999.
