```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Two victims suffered facial injuries.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after assault and robbery in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/man-arrested-after-assault-and-robbery-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 12:56 13/07/2020
title: Man arrested after assault and robbery in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/man-arrested-after-assault-and-robbery-in-worthing/
```

Updated News Post

A man has been arrested after two people reported being assaulted and robbed at gunpoint in Worthing.

Officers were called to Montague Street around 00:40am on Monday (July 13) by two men who said they had been approached and threatened by a man holding what appeared to be a gun.

The man then used the object to assault the two men, causing facial injuries that required hospital treatment.

The man was described as black, in his late 30s, with a short beard and short black hair, wearing black jogging bottoms gathered at the bottom, a grey hooded jumper and trainers. He was riding a blue mountain bike.

He was in the company of a second man, described as white, approximately 40 years old, unshaven and wearing a grey hooded jumper and jogging bottoms gathered at the bottom. He was riding a purple bicycle.

Officers also received third-party reports of a third man being assaulted and robbed by the same suspect, but have so far been unable to make contact with the victim.

A search was carried out and a suspect was arrested with the use of taser on Brighton Road in Worthing. He was arrested on suspicion of two counts of robbery, two counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence. He remains in police custody at this time.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident, or who saw men matching either description in the area at the time. They are also keen to hear from any other victims.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police online or by calling 101 quoting Operation Duffield.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
