```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Officers were out as part of Operation Safety.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrests made in Brighton day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/five-arrests-made-in-brighton-day-of-action2/
publish:
  date: 17:28 08/02/2021
title: Five arrests made in Brighton day of action | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/five-arrests-made-in-brighton-day-of-action2/
```

Police teams working as part of Operation Safety to tackle knife crime and violence made five arrests during a day of action in Brighton on Saturday (6 February).

At 12 midday, officers saw a black Mercedes behaving suspiciously and stopped the vehicle in Whitecross Street. A search of the vehicle was carried out and around 20 bags of a substance believed to be cocaine were seized. Rosen Marinov, 39, of Horton Street in Lincolnshire was arrested and charged with possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply and remanded to appear at Brighton Magistrates' Court on Monday (8 February).

Around 1pm, officers stopped a vehicle om Upper Hollingdean Road after the occupants were seen to be behaving in a suspicious manner. A roadside drug test was carried out, which the driver - a 55-year-old man - failed. He was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Officers carried out an arrest in connection with an attempted robbery reported in Eaton Place at 4.20am, where the victim was assaulted and asked to hand over their money. A suspect was identified and Operation Safety officers arrested a 27-year-old man on suspicion of attempted robbery. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Shortly after 6pm, officers stopped a car in Hollingdean Road. The driver - a man aged 42 - refused to participate in a roadside drug test and was arrested on suspicion of drug driving. A Swiss army knife, tyre iron and screwdriver were seized from the vehicle. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers arrested a suspect in connection with an alleged robbery in Vale Park, Portslade on Thursday (4 February) where the 14-year-old victim was assaulted and had his phone taken. A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of robbery and has been bailed while enquiries are ongoing.

PS Barrett said: "Our teams continue to work hard to protect local communities so Brighton remains a safe city.

"If you have information about knife crime or violence, we want to know about it. Report crime online or by calling 101. In an emergency always dial 999."
