```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Find out how you can report a crime anonymously.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents encouraged to report antisocial behaviour in Sompting
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/residents-encouraged-to-report-antisocial-behaviour-in-sompting/
publish:
  date: 16:08 02/03/2021
title: Residents encouraged to report antisocial behaviour in Sompting | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/residents-encouraged-to-report-antisocial-behaviour-in-sompting/
```

Residents are being encouraged to report crimes as police continue to crack down on antisocial behaviour in Sompting.

Working with Adur Homes and Adur District Council, police have taken action against persistent offenders in the area over the past year.

This has led to three Partial Closure Order notices being served, one Criminal Behaviour Order being obtained, and numerous Community Protection Warnings being issued.

Much of this has been down to the hard work of PCSOs Katie Trevis and Georgia Bird, in conjunction with partners.

PCSO Trevis said: "While our partnership work with Adur Homes and Adur District Council has led to a reduction in antisocial behaviour and other associated crime in the area, we are still hearing from residents of Millfield in particular that these problems are persisting.

"Working together, our aim is improve the lives of everyone living in this community by making it a safer place to live. But we need your help.

"We need you to come forward in order for us to take action as necessary. We recognise some people may feel concerned about reporting incidents to police, and that's why we can offer 'hearsay evidence' - this is where a person who does not wish to be identified gives evidence to a third party to present in court on their behalf. This third party could be a housing officer, a PCSO or an antisocial behaviour officer, and any information would be presented in such a way to protect the person's identity."

Councillor Kevin Boram, Adur District Council's Executive Member for Health & Wellbeing, said: "Antisocial behaviour can have large and lasting impacts on neighbourhoods and communities which is why we have been working with the police and Adur Homes to crackdown on cases in Sompting.

"We can only keep on taking this positive action if we are provided with up-to-date information which is why I am encouraging residents to use the anonymous reporting tool on our website. It is only by working together that we can improve Sompting for everyone."

Incidents can be reported to Adur District Council anonymously here.

You can also report a crime to Sussex Police online or by calling 101 in a non-emergency, or 999 in an emergency.
