```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Kirsten Hocking has been jailed.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman jailed for shoplifting and breaching CBO in Worthing
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-jailed-for-shoplifting-and-breaching-cbo-in-worthing/
publish:
  date: 11:31 20/01/2021
title: Woman jailed for shoplifting and breaching CBO in Worthing | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/woman-jailed-for-shoplifting-and-breaching-cbo-in-worthing/
```

A prolific thief has been jailed for shoplifting and breaching her Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) in Worthing.

Kirsten Hocking, 29, of Lyndhurst Road in Worthing, appeared at Worthing Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (13 January) to face charges for five counts of theft, five counts of breaching her CBO, two counts of causing intentional harrassment, alarm or distress and one count of attempted theft.

Hocking took items such as perfume, alcohol and pet food from shops across in Worthing during a period from November to January.

At Boots in Montague Street on 12 January, she threatened shop staff by saying she was infected with Covid-19 and that she "had a needle" and "would use it".

She was also found to be in breach of her five year CBO which was served in July and prohibited Hocking from entering the shops she stole from.

The total loss from her shoplifting is estimated to be £326.29.

She pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced to 26 weeks' imprisonment.

PC Isobel Wimbleton said: "This conviction follows over a year's worth of work by the local Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) and we are pleased the court has recognised the impact of her offending by imposing the maximum possible sentence.

"Hocking has caused considerable loss, frustration and distress to shops in the Worthing area and we hope she reflects on her behaviour.

"We have worked tirelessly taking Hocking through the anti-social behaviour crime and policing process where she had numerous opportunities to stop offending but she has continued to do so.

"Adur, Worthing and Horsham NPT work in partnership to tackle anti-social behaviour and are committed to tackling repeat offenders and keeping the area safe."
