```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: There is currently a dispersal order in place.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive policing to tackle anti-social behaviour from young adults in Goring
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/proactive-policing-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-from-young-adults-in-goring/
publish:
  date: 10:44 03/06/2020
title: Proactive policing to tackle anti-social behaviour from young adults in Goring | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/proactive-policing-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-from-young-adults-in-goring/
```

Adur and Worthing Police are sending out a message to remind youngsters that anti-social is unacceptable.

Over the past week, officers have been made aware of matters of anti-social behaviour, in particular from young adults, in the Goring Gap area. As a result, police have issued a section 34 dispersal order for the next 48 hours.

Chief Inspector for Adur and Worthing, Sarah Leadbeatter said: "We are aware of a number of issues whereby there have been large gatherings of teenagers and anti-social behaviour being conducted, despite the Government's advice on social distancing.

"The policing role has never been to enforce social distancing - that is a matter for personal responsibility, and we have been encouraged by the vast majority of people adhering to this.

"The policing role in Worthing has not changed. We are here to prevent, investigate and detect crime and to keep people safe, and this is evidenced in the on-going efforts of police officers and staff to proactively tackle the crimes which harm the communities the most."

Police have issued a section 34 dispersal order covering Goring Gap, Goring Greensward, the area between Sea Lane in the west and George V in the east, the beach area and roads and paths south of Nutley Drive.

Dispersal orders are in place for 48hours at a time and further orders will be put in place if necessary.

CI Leadbeatter added: "The dispersal order will enable officers and PCSOs to direct a person who has committed, or is likely to commit, anti-social behaviour, crime or disorder to leave a specified area and not return for a specified period of up to 48 hours.

"Our officers will be out patrolling and engaging with this small minority about the dispersal order and the current government guidance around the coronavirus. Officers will engage, explain and encourage and only if absolutely necessary, enforce.

"This order should be a warning to all those conducting anti-social behaviour that we are using the relevant powers available to us to tackle this behaviour.

"We are aware of reports coming to us both through our channels but also through social media platforms. We urge anyone who has been a witness or victim of this crime to make contact with us directly to ensure the relevant policing action is taken."
