```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Activity is in response to large gatherings in Gildredge Park.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police put measures in place to tackle anti-social behaviour in Eastbourne
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-put-measures-in-place-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-eastbourne/
publish:
  date: 12:43 29/07/2020
title: Police put measures in place to tackle anti-social behaviour in Eastbourne | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/police-put-measures-in-place-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-eastbourne/
```

Police in Eastbourne are continuing to take action against anti-social behaviour in Gildredge Park.

On Friday night (July 24), approximately 450 people gathered in the park and while the majority were good-natured, four people were arrested for assaulting an emergency worker and being drunk and disorderly.

Two police officers suffered minor injuries and two police cars were damaged on the night.

A section 34 dispersal order was issued to stop people from congregating in the area, and a piece of sound equipment was seized.

Additional resources are being deployed to Gildredge Park and Eastbourne town centre this weekend, with officers conducting high-visibility patrols to identify and address any criminal behaviour.

As well as issuing another section 34 dispersal order for the area including Gildredge Park, a Public Space Protection Order (PSPO) will be in force throughout the town that will allow Police Constables and Police Community Support Officers to confiscate alcohol.

Eastbourne district commander Chief Inspector Di Lewis said: "The anti-social behaviour we have seen recently in Gildredge Park is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated.

"We have already put measures in place to address the issue ahead of this weekend, including using policing powers available to us such as the dispersal order and PSPO. These will be enforced and we will take action where necessary, as was shown last Friday when we made four arrests and seized sound equipment.

"There will also be additional resource deployed across the town, including at railway stations with the support of British Transport Police.

"We understand young people want to go out and enjoy themselves, but they must do this in a way that is safe and doesn't negatively impact on others.

"We are still in the middle of a health pandemic and people should be continuing to follow the government's guidance around Covid-19, including maintaining social distancing where possible.

"The majority of people do behave themselves and we are grateful to them, but we will take action against those who do not. Parents and guardians also have a responsibility to ensure their children are not causing disruptive behaviour.

"We understand the concerns from members of the community around this issue, but I would like to reassure them we are taking all the necessary steps to address it and to make sure our town is a safe and enjoyable place to be."
