```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The overwhelming majority of the county are abiding by the rules.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police continue to issue fines to those not complying with Covid-19 regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/police-continue-to-issue-fines-to-those-not-complying-with-covid-19-regulations/
publish:
  date: 12:06 19/01/2021
title: Police continue to issue fines to those not complying with Covid-19 regulations | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/police-continue-to-issue-fines-to-those-not-complying-with-covid-19-regulations/
```

Sussex Police continues to enforce Covid-19 regulations after issuing 120 Fixed Penalty Notices over the weekend.

Officers conducted patrols, engaged with communities and encouraged members of the public to adhere to the current rules and regulations to help prevent the spread of the virus. The force issued 120 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) between Friday and Sunday (15-17 January) to people failed to comply.

Those who received fines include:

 * A man who drove from Bexhill to Eastbourne to fill up his car with petrol.
 * A couple who drove 88 miles to go to Beachy Head, Eastbourne, for some fresh air.
 * Those at three large gatherings inside properties in Brighton and Hove
 * A group of 6 people from different households who were sitting inside a Hove beach hut.

Superintendent Julia Pope said: "We know the overwhelming majority of people in Sussex are doing the right thing by staying home, wearing masks and social distancing, but the amount of the FPNs the force issued over the weekend is concerning.

"We understand the past year has been incredibly difficult for everyone but the virus is still very much here and we all need to do what we can to help prevent the spread.

"The rules and regulations are there for a reason and people should not be trying to find loopholes for their actions. Your actions could have serious consequences to the health of others.

"Our officers will continue to use the 4E's approach and enforcement action will be taken against those who are still blatantly breaching the rules as if they do not apply to them.

"Please, let's all work together to help prevent this virus, protect the NHS and save lives."
