```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: New uniform donated to volunteers.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Showing appreciation for Beachy Head Chaplains
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/showing-appreciation-for-beachy-head-chaplains/
publish:
  date: 11:28 03/07/2020
title: Showing appreciation for Beachy Head Chaplains | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/showing-appreciation-for-beachy-head-chaplains/
```

Beachy Head Chaplaincy Team (BHCT), an Eastbourne-based charity providing dedicated support for people in crisis, has received new uniforms jointly funded by Police & Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne and Chief Constable Jo Shiner.

Some of team met with PCC Bourne and CC Shiner at Sussex Police headquarters in Lewes on Friday (July 3), to accept their new police standard uniforms costing just under £1,000

Often this team, made up of 26 volunteers, are one of the first respondents to emergency calls located at Beachy Head.

They selflessly give up their time to patrol a five-mile search area on foot and by car and, in doing so, they brave all weather conditions. These new cargo trousers will ensure they have the right protection to do their vital work.

BHCT work alongside police officers and other emergency services to safeguard those in distress or who are suicidal. Using their skills in crisis intervention they offer supportive listening and start a dialogue to alter the outcome of the situation.

Since 2004, they have responded to more than 11,500 incidents. They are available 24 hours a day, every day of the year, saving lives and their service is valued highly by Sussex Police.

Chief Constable Jo Shiner said: "We work very closely with the Beachy Head Chaplaincy Team and so can see first-hand the amazing work they do.

"The chaplains are there for people when they are at their lowest point. Their compassion and support have helped guide many people away from crisis and has saved many lives.

"We are incredibly grateful for the volunteers who give up their time, day and night and in all weathers, to ensure there is always someone available to listen to and help those in need."

Sussex Police & Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "Each year, we see many hundreds of people come to Beachy Head in crisis, needing help.

"The Beachy Head Chaplaincy Team is always on hand to reach out to these people, supporting them to see clarity in their situation and get the vital help they need at a time of greatest distress. In short, they save lives.

"I have, and will continue to, support this truly amazing team and help them carry out their vital work in whatever way I can."

Chief Executive Officer of BHCT, Gerry Howitt, added: "We value and appreciate the support and generosity we have and continue to receive from our colleagues at Sussex Police. It is an honour and a privilege to work alongside such a dedicated and skilled team."

The charity also actively promotes suicide prevention and works with partners, including The Samaritans.

Anyone can contact Samaritans at any time for free from any phone on 116 123. This number is free to call and will not show up on your phone bill.
