```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Seahaven Multi-Agency Safer Communities Operations Team is seeking views.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Newhaven residents invited to have their say in community survey
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/newhaven-residents-invited-to-have-their-say-in-community-survey/
publish:
  date: 14:03 27/11/2020
title: Newhaven residents invited to have their say in community survey | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/news/newhaven-residents-invited-to-have-their-say-in-community-survey/
```

Newhaven's Neighbourhood Policing Team is asking residents for their feedback as part of wider work to tackle anti-social behaviour, crime and disorder in the community.

In May 2020, the Seahaven Multi-Agency Safer Communities Operations Team (MASCOT) was formed, comprising a partnership between many agencies including Lewes District Council, East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service, Sussex Community Development Association, safeguarding leads from local schools, Youth Offending Team and other community and political representatives.

Tackling youth crime and disorder was identified as a priority and officers set about identifying hot-spot locations around Newhaven and problem solving those locations where the presence and behaviour of young people impacted on the community.

The methods used ranged from targeted enforcement, improvements to environmental aesthetics and referral/signposting to specialist support including REBOOT and Youth Diversionary Schemes.

The approach has seen early success with a continued reduction in crime following the first six months of the project.

The team has now launched a survey to consult those living in the town on how they are feeling around community safety, whether they have been a recent victim of crime and their suggestions on how improvements could be made.

The survey is available to complete until Friday 11 December and is open to people living in Newhaven here.

Inspector Ed Ripley of the local Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "We want to continue to work closely with Newhaven's residents and this survey is a valuable opportunity for us to gather their feedback and suggestions on how we are progressing with tackling crime and anti-social behaviour in the area.

"We know that persistent issues in Newhaven were having a serious and distressing impact on those living and working the community, and are pleased that since the launch of MASCOT we have reduced offending.

"Some key successes have included the identification of a Local Crime Group and disruption to the supply and distribution drugs in the area with £85,000 of drugs and money seized.

"Stops and searches have led to seizure of knives, drugs and other items connected with crimes leading to 146 arrests and five convictions.

"We have also reduced offending and lowered risk around a small group of young people, who were causing the greatest harm to communities in Newhaven.

"Thank you to all our residents who complete the survey, and please do email the team if you have issues you wish to discuss at lewes@sussex.pnn.police.uk."

Sussex Police and Crime Commissioner Katy Bourne said: "MASCOT have been carrying out some great partnership work in the area, and I'm very pleased that they are seeking the views of the community on how they can further tackle crime and anti-social behaviour in Newhaven.

"I know from conversations with residents across the county that anti-social behaviour can have a huge negative impact on people's quality of life so it is only right that the community's views are sought and listened to on this subject.

"I look forward to hearing the results of the survey and seeing the outcomes from MASCOT."

Chairman of East Sussex Fire Authority Roy Galley said: "We are very pleased to be part of Seahaven MASCOT and are committed to making our communities safer through community engagement, educational programmes and arson prevention campaigns.

"Working with partners allows us to have a greater impact and build a great community people are proud to be part of."
