```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: The victim was left with life-changing injuries.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men convicted of violent Eastbourne assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/four-men-convicted-of-violent-eastbourne-assault/
publish:
  date: 11:55 21/10/2020
title: Four men convicted of violent Eastbourne assault | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/court-results/four-men-convicted-of-violent-eastbourne-assault/
```

Four men have been convicted of a violent assault that left the victim with life-changing injuries.

The victim, a 26-year-old Portuguese national, suffered severe injuries in the attack around 5.30pm in St James Road, Eastbourne, on October 8, 2019.

Bruno Tavares, 33, unemployed, of Seaside, Eastbourne, and Rui Pereira, 28, unemployed, of Harlesden Road, London, both pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.

Maximiliano Pereira, 24, a cleaner, of Seaside, Eastbourne, and Carlos Semedo, 25, unemployed, of no fixed address, were both found guilty of wounding with intent by a jury following a two-week trial at Hove Crown Court.

The court heard how the four men, all Portuguese nationals, chased the victim into a dead end road before brutally attacking him by punching, kicking and stamping on his head repeatedly.

The force of the attack was such that the kicks of the offenders were described as like those of a person taking part in a football match.

A passing fire crew stopped and gave the victim vital first aid, despite the attackers trying to continue their assault.

The four men left Eastbourne that same day, and were arrested in Southampton on October 11 having been stopped in two vehicles.

They have all been remanded in custody for sentencing on a date yet to be confirmed.

The case's investigating officer, DC Elliott Lander, said: "What these four men did to the victim that day changed his life and that of his family and friends forever. He suffered such devastating injuries, it is only thanks to some incredible medical care that he has survived.

"Even now, more than a year after the attack, he is unable to walk and remains in long-term rehabilitation after suffering severe brain damage. He missed out on the birth of his child and will have life-changing injuries forever.

"On behalf of Sussex Police, the victim and his family, I would like to thank those who came to his aid that day, especially the fire officers, and those who came forward to support our investigation after what must have been a traumatic and distressing incident to have witnessed.

"We welcome the guilty verdicts and anticipate lengthy sentences, which we hope will act as both a deterrent and a suitable reminder that such violence will not be tolerated in our community and offenders will swiftly be brought to justice."
