```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Sunday (7 March) sadly marks three years since Georgina Gharsallah was last seen.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CIt\u2019s hard to move forward through the fear of leaving Georgina behind\u201D"
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/its-hard-to-move-forward-through-the-fear-of-leaving-georgina-behind/
publish:
  date: 00:01 07/03/2021
title: "\u201CIt\u2019s hard to move forward through the fear of leaving Georgina behind\u201D | Sussex Police"
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/force-news/its-hard-to-move-forward-through-the-fear-of-leaving-georgina-behind/
```

"It's hard to move forward through the fear of leaving Georgina behind."

These are the words from the mother of Georgina Gharsallah who went missing three years ago today (Sunday, 7 March).

Georgina, now 33, was last seen or heard from on the morning of 7 March, 2018.

Speaking to Sussex Police Andrea, Georgina's mother, said: "Not knowing what has happened to Georgina has held us back in life. It's hard to move forward through the fear of leaving Georgina behind. I can't ever leave her behind.

"When I plan to do things with my other daughters you feel guilty because Georgina isn't here.

"She was a personable, loving, affectionate, vivacious and sometimes lively person who was very family orientated.

"Not a day goes by that she is absent from our thoughts and we urge people to come forward with information. Anything is vital and it might give us the lead, just that little lead that we need. Never think that the information isn't worthy enough, it is."

(Photo caption from left to right: Gasem and Georgina, Andrea and Georgina.)

Georgina's father, Gasem, added: "Sometimes I can't sleep when I think about what has happened to my daughter Georgina.

"I would be very, very happy to see my daughter again."

(Photo caption from left to right: Georgina and Gasem.)

Over 70 potential sightings of Georgina have been investigated by Sussex Police but none of them have proven to be her.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Andy Wolstenholme said: "Today marks another year since Georgina went missing. As a mother, a daughter, a sister and a friend to so many, I can only imagine the pain each and every person who knew Georgina has gone through during this time.

"We continue to investigate all viable lines of enquiry and encourage anyone with information, no matter how small, to come forward and speak either to Sussex Police or to the independent charity Crimestoppers.

"Any information we receive will be treated in strict confidence."

We recorded Georgina's disappearance as a homicide in 2019 and Crimestoppers are offering a £10,000 reward for information which leads to the arrest and conviction of any person responsible for causing Georgina's death.

You can report information to Sussex Police via 101 or online quoting Operation Pavo or you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously by calling freephone 0800 555 111 or completing a simple and secure online form.
