```yaml
area: Sussex
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been arrested.
  image: https://www.sussex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/sussex/open-graph/sussex-crest.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witnesses sought after youths assaulted at Horsham skate park
  type: website
  url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/witnesses-sought-after-youths-assaulted-at-horsham-skate-park2/
publish:
  date: 14:19 09/03/2021
title: Witnesses sought after youths assaulted at Horsham skate park | Sussex Police
url: https://www.sussex.police.uk/news/sussex/news/witness-appeals/witnesses-sought-after-youths-assaulted-at-horsham-skate-park2/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following two linked incidents at Horsham Park skate park.

Around 4pm on Monday 1 March, two local boys aged 15 and 16 were assaulted by two other boys. The suspects were with another unknown male and female, and during this confrontation one of the victims had a breeze block thrown at him, causing bruising. Both victims were punched and kicked.

Later the same evening, about 6pm, the two victims were with a group of friends and were chased by the same two suspects from the earlier incident. During this, the same 15-year-old victim received a puncture wound to his back and stomach. He required hospital attention but was released shortly afterwards.

This second encounter took place near to the under pass heading to New Street.

Police enquiries led to the arrest of a 17-year-old boy from Worthing on suspicion of affray, possession of cannabis and criminal damage, and a 16-year-old boy from Croydon on suspicion of wounding with intent. Both have been released on conditional bail until 30 March, pending further investigations.

Detective Constable Colin Taylor, of the Adur, Worthing and Horsham Investigations Team, said: "We are aware of issues surrounding youth violence in the area, and we are working with partners including the local authority to provide education and enforcement. This includes an increase in high visibility patrols for public reassurance.

"We must be clear that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated, and anyone caught and convicted of offences will be dealt with robustly."

Anyone with any information about either incident is asked to report it online or call 101, quoting serial 1235 of 01/03.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online.
