```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Serious incident in Portland Street, Lincoln
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2020/serious-incident-in-portland-street-lincoln/
```

**Update 24th December**

The 41-year-old woman has been released on police bail.

Investigations are still ongoing.

**Update 23rd December**

Two people have been arrested in relation to the incident which occurred on Portland Street last night (22nd December).

A 43-year-old man and a 41-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of conspiring to cause grievous bodily harm with intent and are in police custody.

Detective Inspector Dave Harrop said: “We are working to establish the circumstances of what happened and would encourage residents and witnesses to come forward to provide any information that can assist us in our investigation.

“Please get in touch if you saw what happened or have dashcam footage of the incident. If you wish to report any information to us anonymously, you can do so through CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 or report it online: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/”

**Original release**

Officers were called to Portland Street in Lincoln at 6:43pm last night (22nd December) following reports of a male found with injuries consistent with a knife wound.

Officers arrived on scene and found that a 37-year-old man had sustained serious wounds to his leg, although his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Investigations are currently ongoing, and no arrests have been made.

If you have witnessed the incident or have any dashcam footage that can assist with our investigation, please get in touch:

 * By calling 101 quoting incident 356 of 22nd December 2020
 * By emailing force.control@lincs.pnn.police.uk – don’t forget to include incident 356 of 22nd December 2020 in the subject line
 * Anonymously, via the independent charity CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 or online

**Reference:** Incident 356 of 22nd December 2020

24 Dec 20 12:47 PM
