```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: 'Lincoln: Man and woman charged with 19 offences relating to robberies and burglaries'
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2020/lincoln-man-and-woman-charged-with-19-offences-relating-to-robberies-and-burglaries/
```

A man and a woman have been charged with a total of 19 offences relating to a spate of robberies and burglaries in the Lincoln area.

David Enright and Danielle Mitchell were arrested on Thursday 17th December at an address in Lincoln in connection with a spate of robberies and burglaries in the area.

They were remanded into prison on Saturday 19th December 2020 until their next court hearing. A date for their trial has not yet been confirmed.

David Enright, 37, of no fixed address, has been charged with a total of 11 offences relating to robbery, theft, harassment and burglary.

Danielle Mitchell, 35, of Victoria Street in Lincoln, has been charged with eight offences relating to robbery, burglary, theft and harassment.

The investigation related to offences against vulnerable people, between 1st October and 8th December this year.

Detective Inspector Dave Harrop from the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) said: “We are committed to protecting the public of Lincoln and we are pleased that we have been able to secure these charges against Enright and Mitchell.

“If anyone else has any information that can assist our investigation, I would encourage them to contact us by calling 101.”

_If you’ve been the victim of crime, support is available, whether you have reported the crime to the police or not. Victim Lincs provide free, confidential advice and guidance, as well as access to specialist emotional support services. Visit victimlincs.co.uk or call 01522 947510 Monday – Friday 8am – 4pm._

23 Dec 20 8:11 AM
