```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Police impersonation, Horncastle area
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/police-impersonation-horncastle-area/
```

We have received two reports of police impersonation fraud targeting people from a series of addresses in the Horncastle area on March 17.

We’d like to issue another reminder to members of the public to please stay vigilant and to share this information with your friends and families, particularly those vulnerable who may not have immediate access to social media.

Luckily, in both instances the male victims were scam aware and did not hand over any money.

Both reports of police impersonation were similar. Both victims received a call from an alleged DC Fowler who claimed he was from Paddington Police Station. He told his victims that a man had been arrested and was in possession of their bank cards.

He then went on to tell the victims they needed to withdraw money but they refused.

We would like to remind residents that neither your bank or the police will ever ask you for money.

They will also never:

 * Phone and ask you for your PIN or banking password, even by tapping them into your phone keypad
 * Ask you to withdraw money to hand over to them for safe-keeping
 * Ask you to transfer money to a new or other account for fraud reasons, even if they say it is in your name
 * Send someone to your home to collect cash, PIN, cards or cheque books if they say you have been a victim of fraud
 * Ask you to purchase goods using your card and then hand them over for safe-keeping

We’re sure you’ve heard this before, but another reminder can’t hurt! Please share so no-one else becomes a victim to this fraud.

If you have any information that can assist our officers, please contact us. Remember, your bank and our officers will never ask for your bank details. They will also never ask you to withdraw cash for them and to send it via a courier.

If you think you may have been a victim of fraud, contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud by calling 0300 123 2040 or online.

19 Mar 21 3:58 PM
