```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: "Team effort to investigate and dismantle County\u2019s largest ever cannabis grow"
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/team-effort-to-investigate-and-dismantle-county-s-largest-ever-cannabis-grow/
```

Following a warrant executed on Friday 26 March, we have uncovered a large scale cannabis grow in the Fishtoft Road area of Boston.

A street value has been estimated to be in excess of six million pounds. The sheer scale of this grow, housed within a 50K square foot unit, has required the tireless efforts of a large number of staff. This is, by far, the largest scale cannabis grow the County has ever seen. Cannabis grows of this size are often linked with serious and organised crime and other criminality.

T/Detective Inspector Mark Seage said, “This was a huge challenge. It required the dedicated efforts of staff from a number of policing departments. I would like to say a massive thank you to everyone involved. We take such investigations very seriously and every member of staff worked incredibly hard.

“We work very closely with partners, taking a robust and proactive stance in order to reduce the risk to communities through rigorous investigations. Cannabis cultivation happens in both commercial and residential premises. We urge landlords to be stringent and vigilant in the letting of their properties and if they have any suspicions or concerns, to come to us and report them.

“Communities can also play a role in passing on any information they have about drugs in our county. The policing activity will have been noticed locally and we appreciate the support, patience and cooperation from residents.”

Three men, aged 20, 23 and 25 have been charged and were remanded into custody.

Elsewhere in the Prince Alfred Avenue area of Skegness, a residential premises was used to grow a large amount of Cannabis plants, which resulted in three arrests. These suspects have been released under investigation.

Anyone who has information or suspicions concerning illegal drugs cultivation can call us on 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

31 Mar 21 4:40 PM
