```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Gainsborough takeaway loses Licence after breaches of Government Coronavirus Legislation
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2020/gainsborough-takeaway-loses-licence-after-breaches-of-government-coronavirus-legislation/
```

Gainsborough Grill, 168 Trinity Street, Gainsborough has had its late night Refreshment Licence revoked after Lincolnshire Police discovered it was trading in breach of Coronavirus Legislation.

The Alcohol Licensing Team from Lincolnshire Police submitted paperwork for a Licence Review Hearing following a series of visits to the premises where officers discovered the business open and trading in contravention of Coronavirus laws.

On Thursday 17th December, 2020, a digital hearing was held in front of Gainsborough District Council Licensing Sub-Committee. After hearing all the evidence they agreed with the police that the premises had been caught in breach of both Coronavirus Regulations and Licensing Legislation and that they had no confidence in the ability of the owner Mr Ozcan to promote or uphold the licensing objectives.

They made the decision to revoke the licence.

There is a 21 day appeal process; if no appeal is submitted then the suspension comes into force.

Lincolnshire Police paid three visits to the premises over four weeks and on each occasion found them to be in breach of the legislation. Customers were sat inside past the 10pm closure time, face coverings weren’t being worn and a Covid19 risk assessment hadn’t been completed.

Sergeant Kim Enderby, Alcohol Licensing Manager for Lincolnshire Police said: “The overwhelming majority of licensed premises in the County have adapted their business, followed the legislation and ensured their venues were safe environments for the public to use.

"Why Gainsborough Grill chose to ignore the legislation and continue trading – open to the public beyond 10pm, allowing customers inside the store without face masks was never fully explained by the owner, who admitted during the hearing that he understood the legislation.

"Customers were seen inside the takeaway and gathered in a group on the pavement outside at ten minutes past midnight. Mr Ozcan, the licence holder, was issued with a fixed penalty notice by local officers but even this failed to make him make the necessary changes.

"My team visited on two subsequent occasions and further breaches were discovered. We found a male stood eating in the store, the CCTV system wasn’t working and most worryingly of all no Covid19 risk assessment had been completed.

"The risk assessment should have been in place since the beginning of the pandemic and ensures that the business operates in a safe way for both staff and customers. He finally produced a risk assessment at the hearing but it was generic, providing further evidence of the lack of care demonstrated by the licence holder.

"The Covid19 Legislation was implemented to prevent the spread of a potentially deadly virus, to just ignore this and continue operating showed a disregard for public safety and the Licensing Objectives.

"The decision of the Council to revoke the licence sends a strong deterrent message to anyone owning or running licensed premises- act lawfully and responsibly, follow the guidance being offered or face losing your licence.

"Throughout this pandemic we have been actively working with venues assisting them in implementing the necessary changes to continue trading safely and successfully despite the presence of the virus. We will not hesitate to take action against any Licenced Premises that fails to follow the guidance, legislation and operate safely."

22 Dec 20 8:51 AM
