```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Murder investigation launched, Skegness
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2020/murder-investigation-launched-skegness/
```

**UPDATE: 1600 on December 24th, 2020:**

We have now charged Scott Rowen, aged 28, of Glentworth Crescent in Skegness, with murder.

Rowen was arrested in connection with the death of a 26-year-old man on December 22. This man has been identified as Jordan Siree from the Skegness area.

A 30-year-old man was also arrested. He has been released without any further action.

Detective Inspector Andy McWatt, Senior Investigating Officer, said: “This is a truly tragic incident and will be felt even more keenly by the family of Jordan Siree because of the time of year.

“Violence like this has no place on the streets of Lincolnshire. We are continuing our investigation into this incident and continuing to appeal for witnesses. If you saw or heard anything in relation to this incident, or have any information which you think might be relevant, please contact us as soon as possible.”

You can contact us through one of the following ways:

 * By calling 101 quoting the reference incident 374 of 22nd December 2020.
 * By emailing force.control@lincs.pnn.police.uk \- please remember to put the reference 'Incident 374 of 22nd December 2020' in the subject box.
• You can also contact us through the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

**Original release:**

We have launched a murder investigation following the death of a 26-year-old man following an incident in Skegness, last night (22nd December).

Officers received a call at 7.26pm and attended a property in Glentworth Crescent, Skegness, where they found a man who had sustained serious injuries.

He was taken to hospital but died in the early hours of this morning (23rd December). He has not yet been formally identified.

Two men, aged 28 and 30, have been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with this incident. They remain in custody.

We would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time as they may hold important information for our investigation.

Anyone with information can contact us in one of the following ways:

 * Submit information through our dedicated public portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/33EM20C71-PO1

 * Call 101, quoting Incident 374 of 22nd December
 * Email force.control@lincs.pnn.police.uk putting “Incident 374 of 22nd December” in the Subject line
 * Contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.

24 Dec 20 4:06 PM
