```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Lincolnshire&#39;s most wanted
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2020/lincolnshires-most-wanted/
```

Lincolnshire Police will be releasing a monthly appeal to help locate ten of our most wanted suspects as part of our ongoing approach to target outstanding offenders across the county.

We continue to target most active offenders, while protecting the public - in particular, those who are vulnerable.

Detective Chief Superintendent Andy Cox, head of crime at Lincolnshire Police, said: “Lincolnshire police will do all we can to locate and bring to justice our most wanted people. We do so to protect the public as every single day these people remain at large is a day in which they may commit more crime and in doing so create more victims.

“We are using this new ‘top ten’ approach in the hope that it reaches a wide audience and that members of the public who have information which may assist our efforts decide to share this information with us. This can be in confidence via Crimstoppers or via our local 101 reporting process. We encourage anybody who features on our most wanted list to immediately hand themselves in. We will continue to focus and target resource every single day and night to locate these people, take action and deliver justice for victims.”

To enable us to locate those who are outstanding we need the public’s support. If you recognise any of this month’s most wanted please contact us. Any information you can provide may be crucial to us locating these outstanding suspects.

## Outstanding suspects

### Mark Gibbins

Aged 53.

Wanted in connection with a sexual offences inquiry in the Boston area in July. We think he may be using different names and uses homeless hostels.

Reference 20000002978

### Paul Harry Johns

Aged 31.

Wanted for breach of bail offences and failing to appear in court in December. It is believed he could be in the Skegness area.

Reference: 20000648012

### Stephen Pickering

Aged 45.

Also known as Stephen Drury. Wanted for failing to appear in court in relation to drugs possession and traffic offences. It is believed he could be in the Spalding area.

Reference: 20000475578

### Robert Walker

Aged 19.

Wanted in connection with failing to attend court in relation to the theft of a wallet in May.

Reference: 20000640618

### Abdul Bakhtar

Aged 38.

Wanted in connection with an assault in Lincoln. The assault was on a man in High Street, Lincoln, on November 27. The man suffered serious injuries, not believed to be life threatening.

Reference: 20000629395

### Marius Dumitru

Aged 23.

Wanted in connection with breach of bail offences.

Reference: 18000548488

### Connor Jackson

Aged 19.

Wanted for breaching a restraining order in the Grantham area.

Reference 20000636109

### Rhys Sewell

We have now spoken with Rhys Sewell.

Reference: 20000408728

### Kyle O’Connor

Aged 28.

Wanted in connection with a burglary in the Grantham area in December.

Reference: 20000658595

If you know the whereabouts of any of these men please contact us in one of the following ways:

By calling 101, and quoting the relevant reference

You can also make a report by emailing force.control@lincs.pnn.police.uk quoting the reference number.

If you wish to remain anonymous, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Abdul BAKHTAR**

**Connor Jackson**

**Kyle O 'Connor**

**Marius Dumitru**

**Mark Gibbins**

**Paul Harry Johns**

**Robert Walker**

**Stephen Pickering**

****

22 Dec 20 3:03 PM
