```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: A man has been sentenced for ABH
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/a-man-has-been-sentenced-for-abh/
```

A 31-year-old man has been sentenced to 10 months in prison for 2 counts of ABH

Julio Jesus, from Beechcroft Road, Grantham, has been sentenced to 10 months in prison after pleading guilty to two counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.

We attended an address on Chestnut Grove, Grantham just before 10am on Wednesday 8 April, this was the home address of Daniela Santo. Daniela gave an account and detailed an assault on her by her partner, Julio Jesus, and also details of a previous assault which happened on 28 March 2020. He was arrested shortly afterwards, interviewed and bailed with conditions not to contact the victim in anyway and not to attend her address.

Just after 11.20 pm, the same day, a 999 call was received from Daniela Santo reporting Jesus had returned to the address and assaulted her again. After forcing entry to her home we sadly found the body of Daniela, who had died.

Julio Jesus was arrested and subsequently charged with the manslaughter of Daniela Santo and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm on 28 March and 8 April 2020.

We completed a detailed and extensive investigation into the circumstances that led to the death of the victim, Daniela Santo. ****

On Thursday 18 March, at Lincoln Crown Court, the manslaughter charge was discontinued and the defendant pleaded guilty to the two counts of ABH.

Detective Inspector Andy McWatt, Senior Investigating Officer, East Midlands Special Operations Unit, said: “Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Daniela as they continue to live their lives without her.

“Daniela’s death will now be subject to an Inquest and we will pass our file onto the Coroner.”

Jesus received a 10-month prison sentence for the assault on 28 March and 6 Months to run concurrently for the assault on 8 March 2020.

24 Mar 21 12:01 PM
