```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Latest figures show incidents of dog theft have halved
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/latest-figures-show-incidents-of-dog-theft-have-halved/
```

Whilst every case of dog theft is hugely distressing, we are today releasing figures which we hope will be of some reassurance to owners.

Our latest analysis shows that incidents are rare, and reducing, in our County.

Recorded dog thefts have halved over the last year from 12 incidents to 2019/2020 to just 6 incidents in 2020/2021.*

Chief Supt Paul Timmins said, “We understand the devastation a stolen dog can cause. Many of us at Lincolnshire Police are dog owners ourselves. Whilst it is a rare occurrence, it does happen. If it’s something that concerns you, please contact your local policing team who can provide security advice and reassurance.

“Please come to us also with any information you have that could be connected with dog thefts, and continue to report any suspicious activity or individuals in your area. We will investigate and act on information received in order to return dogs to their owners and bring those responsible to justice.”

In some cases dogs may be reported stolen but are actually just missing and, thankfully, are later reunited with their owner. We work with the national voluntary organisation DogLost who can help if you are ever in this worrying position. See www.doglost.co.uk for and more information.

Dog theft can follow the advertising of dogs for sale so we advise caution when providing details like your address.

Follow the link for advice and further details on dog welfare.

*based on figures available for the financial year up to 23/03/21

26 Mar 21 11:16 AM
