```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: CBO granted to protect Gainsborough businesses from shoplifting
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/cbo-granted-to-protect-gainsborough-businesses-from-shoplifting/
```

## Update as of 26th March 2021

A Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) hearing for John Parker was heard yesterday (25th March) at Lincoln Magistrates Court.

Parker (35) of Cross Street in Gainsborough, was handed a custodial sentence for several shop thefts on 24th October 2020 before being released on 15th January 2021.

Shortly after his release, he was convicted of further thefts in Gainsborough at Tesco and Boots (as mentioned below) and handed a custodial sentence for 11 weeks.

After his conviction, several businesses highlighted the impact Parker was having on their businesses and Lincolnshire Police successfully applied for this order and a CBO has now been granted.

Under this order, Parker is not allowed to enter any retail premises in Gainsborough except for Caddy's Kabin in Trinity Street, Gainsborough and the Co-Op Pharmacy in Market Street, Gainsborough. Before entering either of these stores he must make staff aware of his presence.

The CBO is in place for three years until midnight on 24th March 2024.

PC Paul Drummond from Gainsborough’s Anti-Social Behaviour Team says:

“Unfortunately we’ve had no choice but to apply for this order to protect local businesses. In serious cases of reoffending these orders are really useful as failing to comply with the conditions of a CBO constitutes a criminal offence. We have a duty to protect all local businesses in the town who our law-abiding citizens appreciate and in some cases depend on.”

### Original release:

A Gainsborough man has been handed a custodial sentence for shoplifting.

John Parker, 35, of Cross Street in Gainsborough, was charged with three counts of theft from a shop on the morning of Tuesday 26th January and appeared before Lincoln Magistrates on the same day.

The charges related to:

 * The theft of make up worth £155 from Boots in Market Place, Gainsborough, on 22nd January.
 * The theft of toys (lego and hotwheels cars) worth £115 from Tesco in Trinity Street, Gainsborough on 23rd January.
 * The theft of a TV and an Amazon Firestick worth a combined value of £208 from the same shop on 25th January.

He pleaded guilty to the charges and was sentenced to two weeks in prison and a compensation order was made to repay the retailers.

The sentence means Parker will also be recalled to prison for just under 11 weeks following a previous offence.

26 Mar 21 8:22 AM
