```yaml
area: Lincolnshire
title: Man imprisoned for Christmas Day burglary at Grantham church
url: https://www.lincs.police.uk/news-campaigns/news/2021/man-imprisoned-for-christmas-day-burglary-at-grantham-church/
```

A man has been sentenced to two years in prison in relation to a burglary at St Wulfram’s Church in Grantham on Christmas Day in 2019.

Lee Gray (39) of Apple Tree Close, Woolsthorpe by Colsterworth, received the sentence at Lincoln Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to one count of burglary.

Gray had been found responsible of stealing a number of items including £1,000 in cash donated to the church, cheque books and historical books from the church.

He had smashed a stained glass window to gain entry causing damage to the value of £15,000, before disconnecting CCTV and taking the items which were contained in a safe.

The safe was later found to have been thrown in the River Witham behind the Riverside flats and the books were retrieved nearby.

Detective Sergeant Remy Simon of Grantham CID says:

“Breaking into a church in the early hours of Christmas Day morning really shocked us. It showed a total disregard for the church, the local community and Gray’s actions couldn’t have been more incompatible with the spirit of the season.

“We welcome this sentence and will continue to protect our communities from those that seek to swindle from our properties and residents in Grantham.”

Gray was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £149.

If you’ve been the victim of crime, support is available, whether you have reported the crime to the police or not. Victim Lincs provide free, confidential advice and guidance, as well as access to specialist emotional support services. Visit victimlincs.co.uk or call 01522 947510 Monday – Friday 8am – 4pm.

25 Mar 21 2:09 PM
