```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Christopher Stock, 29, of Hatherleigh, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 18 February and will spend one year and 10 months in prison.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/courtresult_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,80,1250,738)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Newport man jailed for trying to pervert justice
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/newport-man-jailed-for-trying-to-pervert-justice/
publish:
  date: 15:08 01/03/2021
title: Newport man jailed for trying to pervert justice | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/newport-man-jailed-for-trying-to-pervert-justice/
```

## Christopher Stock, 29, of Hatherleigh, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 18 February and will spend one year and 10 months in prison.

A Newport man, who attempted to intimidate a witness into dropping their statement while he was on remand, has received a prison sentence of almost two years.

Christopher Stock, 29, of Hatherleigh, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 18 February after pleading guilty to two offences: assault a person thereby occasioning them actual bodily harm and commit an act or series of acts with intent to pervert the course of public justice.

Stock was arrested on Sunday 30 August on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm; an offence for which he was remanded to prison for.

He was then found, around two weeks later on Monday 14 September, to have contacted a witness from prison in a bid to have the statement made against him withdrawn in relation to the other offence.

DC Georgia Dunne, the officer in the case, said:

"Christopher Stock was remanded in prison for the assault and, while there, attempted to contact a witness and apply pressure to them to drop their statement in relation to this case.

"Interfering with public justice is a serious offence. The role of witnesses is often vital in helping police officers and the courts secure convictions and prosecutions against criminals.

"We hope this sentence sends a message to those who believe this form of activity is acceptable and we welcome the sentence handed down by the court.

"Gwent Police will take robust action against those who make threats to attempt to intimidate witnesses; or other actions that may cause distress, fear and harm in our communities."

Stock received an 11-month sentence for each of the two offences he pled guilty to, totalling one year and 10 months - 22 months - in prison
