```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "Keep Gwent\u2019s beauty spots free from becoming COVID hotspots"
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/proactive--misc/cwmcarn-forest-196874468.jpg?crop=(0,272,4608,2697)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Keep Gwent\u2019s beauty spots free from becoming COVID hotspots"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/keep-gwents-beauty-spots-free-from-becoming-covid-hotspots/
publish:
  date: 14:42 21/01/2021
title: "Keep Gwent\u2019s beauty spots free from becoming COVID hotspots | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/keep-gwents-beauty-spots-free-from-becoming-covid-hotspots/
```

Gwent Police is reminding its communities that exercise must start and end from home and people must avoid driving to beauty spots to exercise - without a legitimate exemption.

Gwent Police is asking the public to not drive to beauty spots for exercise purposes, as Wales remains in alert level four.

The current Welsh Government guidelines outline that the public must not drive to places to exercise, especially renowned beauty spots that could attract many visitors. Exercise must start and end at home.

Officers have undertaken dedicated patrols, issuing several fixed penalty notices at the Cwmcarn Forest Drive in Caerphilly, and asking motorists to return to their homes.

**_Chief superintendent Mark Hobrough said:_**

**_" We're aware that there are many areas of beautiful scenery within our force area._**

**_" We understand that it's tempting, while restrictions remain in effect and many other places are closed, to drive to these locations for exercise._**

**_" The severity of the ongoing health crisis cannot be underestimated. This is not about stopping people from feeling as though they're permitted to exercise._**

**_" The current alert level requires everyone to think about their travel plans, stay at home and to only leave home when it is essential. _**

**_" Alongside our partners, we're asking the people of Gwent to do the right thing for their communities. _**

**_" Exercise must also start and end from home, and people must avoid driving to beauty spots to exercise._**

**_" Officers will be conducting dedicated patrols across the force area, including at well-known beauty spots. _**

**_" We'll continue to be proportionate and will engage with and encourage those present to be mindful of the current Welsh Government guidelines._**

**_" People who have travelled into Gwent from neighbouring areas, or further afield, will be asked to return to their homes. For those that continue to go against the rules, we'll take enforcement action."_**

Under the current Welsh Government guidance, there are exemptions for medical or accessibility reasons which permit people to drive for exercise purposes.
