```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: A number of youths were seen jumping on an Iceland delivery van which had stopped in Arthur Bliss Road on Friday 19 March.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/canyouhelp_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,70,1250,728)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after anti-social behaviour in Newport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/appeal-after-anti-social-behaviour-in-newport/
publish:
  date: 11:33 20/03/2021
title: Appeal after anti-social behaviour in Newport | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/appeal-after-anti-social-behaviour-in-newport/
```

## A number of youths were seen jumping on an Iceland delivery van which had stopped in Arthur Bliss Road on Friday 19 March.

We're appealing for information after receiving a report of a disturbance in Arthur Bliss Road, Newport, at around 6.05pm on Friday 19 March.

A number of youths, reportedly a group of between 20 and 30, were seen jumping on an Iceland delivery van, which had stopped in the area.

Food was reportedly taken from the Iceland van. The driver of the van was not injured and departed the area at around 6.10pm.

T/ACC Ian Roberts said:

"We're aware of reports of anti-social behaviour involving youths in Arthur Bliss Road on Friday 19 March.

"This behaviour is completely unacceptable, and we will be contacting the business operator as part of our enquiries. We will be reviewing CCTV from the area at the time of this incident.

"Anyone identified as committing an act of anti-social behaviour, or any other offence, during this incident will be prosecuted.

"Anti-social behaviour negatively impacts upon the quality of life for residents. It is not acceptable within our communities, and it is not acceptable for members of the public to act in this way to someone who was merely doing their job.

"We're keen to get the message out to parents to help us by ensuring they know where their children are, and what they are doing.

"I would urge anyone with any information relating to the identity of those responsible to call us on 101 or contact local neighbourhood officers."

Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information that could assist our investigation, or has CCTV or dashcam footage, is asked to call Gwent Police on 101, quoting log reference 2100096125 or 420 19/03/21.

You can also contact us via social media on Facebook and Twitter or you can report any information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
