```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Our message to anyone suffering from domestic abuse is - please do not suffer in silence.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Domestic abuse doesn\u2019t stop at Christmas \u2013 how to spot the signs someone may be suffering?"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/domestic-abuse-doesnt-stop-at-christmas---how-to-spot-the-signs-someone-may-be-suffering/
publish:
  date: 13:06 16/12/2020
title: "Domestic abuse doesn\u2019t stop at Christmas \u2013 how to spot the signs someone may be suffering? | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/domestic-abuse-doesnt-stop-at-christmas---how-to-spot-the-signs-someone-may-be-suffering/
```

Gwent Police is urging the public to be aware and look out for signs that someone may be suffering from domestic abuse this Christmas.

Last year, there were more than 9,000 domestic abuse crimes in Gwent. We know that over the Christmas period incidents of domestic abuse does increase.

Detective Chief Superintendent Nicky Brain said: "Our message to anyone suffering from domestic abuse is - please do not suffer in silence. We would urge you to report what is happening so we can help you.

"I know it can be difficult to come forward but I want to reassure anyone considering doing so that there is a whole range of support out there, not only from the police but from partner agencies.

"Domestic abuse does not discriminate - anyone can be a victim regardless of age, gender, sexuality or social background. It is not always a crime that is clearly visible, it can be hidden.

"We recognise that we will all be celebrating Christmas differently this year due to the ongoing health crisis, but now more than ever, we all need to look out for one another. If you have concerns that a family member, a friend or a colleague is a victim of domestic abuse, please speak out.

"Tackling domestic abuse remains a priority for Gwent Police. Working together, we can make a difference in supporting the most vulnerable members of our community."

Domestic abuse can take many forms including:

 * Emotional
 * Financial
 * Threatening, controlling & coercive behaviour
 * Sexual
 * Physical

Signs that someone may be a victim of domestic abuse include:

 * Physical injuries.
 * Clothing worn, or heavy make-up, to cover injuries
 * Someone who is afraid or anxious to please their partner.
 * Someone without access to their own money.
 * Someone who is withdrawn and unwilling to engage in friendly conversation.
 * A change in personality when around their partner, or appear more nervous or uneasy when they are around.
 * A victim's partner may be jealous, aggressive or possessive. They may read their messages, emails, social media and have the victim's passwords. They may also be constantly calling or messaging the victim to check up on them.

If you are a victim, or are worried about someone you know, you can call the Live Fear Free helpline 24/7 for advice and support;

Phone: 0808 80 10 800

Text: 078600 77 333

You also call Gwent Police on 101 or direct message us on Facebook or Twitter. In an emergency always dial 999.
