```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: We&#39;re appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following two road traffic collisions on the Prince of Wales bridge, M4 yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 28th October.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man arrested and appeal for witnesses following multi-vehicle collision \u2013 M4"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/man-arrested-and-appeal-for-witnesses-following-multi-vehicle-collision--m4/
publish:
  date: 10:41 29/10/2020
title: "Man arrested and appeal for witnesses following multi-vehicle collision \u2013 M4 | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/man-arrested-and-appeal-for-witnesses-following-multi-vehicle-collision--m4/
```

We're appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following two road traffic collisions on the Prince of Wales bridge, M4 yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 28th October.

A approximately 4.20pm a white Ford Transit van collided with a Citroen C4 on the westbound carriageway and immediately after a second collision occurred on the eastbound carriageway involving a Peugeot Boxer van, Renault Master van and a Skoda Fabia.

The Ford Transit van failed to stop at the scene but has been located this morning in Newport. A 44 year old man from Newport has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, perverting the course of justice and drug driving. He is currently in police custody.

The driver of the Peugeot Boxer, a 50 year old man from Bristol, was taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol following the collision for medical treatment. He remains in hospital this morning. His injuries are not life threatening.

Senior Investigating Officer, PS Leighton Healan said: "Firstly, I would like to thank all road users who had their journey affected by yesterday's collision on the Prince of Wales Bridge, for their patience and co-operation while emergency services were in attendance carrying out essential duties at the scene.

"Secondly, we are keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the manner of driving of the white Ford Transit van, registration number HW70NSF, in the lead up to the collision. If you saw anything that caused concern please get in touch."

Witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage is asked to call 101 quoting 2000393370 or to DM us on Facebook or Twitter.
