```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: More than 100 fixed penalty notices were issued for Covid-19 breaches across the weekend in Gwent.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Covid-19 enforcement - 100 fines issued over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/covid-19-enforcement---100-fines-issued-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 16:49 25/01/2021
title: Covid-19 enforcement - 100 fines issued over the weekend | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/covid-19-enforcement---100-fines-issued-over-the-weekend/
```

More than 100 fixed penalty notices were issued for Covid-19 breaches across the weekend in Gwent.

This includes for house parties and social gatherings as well as those travelling without a reasonable excuse.

Officers are continuing to carry out proactive patrols in the community including roadside vehicle checks on major and minor arterial routes. These checks allow our officers to engage with the public about the importance of adhering to Welsh Government Covid regulations and to carry out additional road safety checks on vehicles.

More than 300 motorists were stopped during roadside checks over the weekend. A number of fixed penalty notices were issued for Covid-19 breaches, 16 vehicles were seized for not having insurance and 31 motorists were reported for summons for speeding.

Road safety measures also carried out include driver eyesight tests and vehicle checks such as tyre safety.

Chief Superintendent Mark Hobrough said: "We understand this is a really difficult time for our communities and we would like to thank those who are continuing to adhere to the Welsh Government restrictions. We have taken enforcement action against those who are blatantly flouting the rules and will continue to do so.

"It is totally unacceptable for people to be organising house parties and gatherings during this time. Those who are going against the restrictions are putting lives at risk.

"Alert level four restrictions are still in place in Wales which means that people should remain in their own household and only travel when necessary. Coronavirus levels remain high across much of Gwent, and by following Welsh Government advice we're all saving lives and protecting the NHS.

"We will continue to engage, explain and encourage our communities to work together with us to keep everyone safe. Everyone has a part to play in stopping the spread of this virus."
