```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Matthew Pearce, 40, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 4 March after pleading guilty to 21 offences.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/courtresult_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,74,1250,732)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cwmbran man jailed for child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/cwmbran-man-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 11:00 05/03/2021
title: Cwmbran man jailed for child sex offences | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/cwmbran-man-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
```

## Matthew Pearce, 40, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 4 March after pleading guilty to 21 offences.

A Cwmbran man will spend more than 13 years in prison after he was jailed for multiple sexual offences against children.

Matthew Pearce, 40, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 4 March after pleading guilty to 21 offences, including four counts of rape and four counts of indecent assault.

The offences that Pearce was charged with took place at various points between 1996 and 2019.

DC Rhys Lawrence, the officer in the case, said:

"Matthew Pearce took advantage of children for his own gratification.

"He preyed upon his young victims' vulnerability, subjecting them to horrific sexual abuse that no-one - let alone a child - should experience.

"The bravery of Pearce's victims cannot be understated in coming forward after being subjected to such trauma.

"Without their testimonies, we would not have been able to bring him to justice and secure this conviction.

"I hope that the significant sentence imposed by the courts on Pearce will help the survivors of his abuse to begin the process of moving on and will bring some closure to this awful chapter in their lives.

"I cannot imagine how difficult it must be to come forward to report such appalling crimes.

"I want to reassure anyone considering doing so that there is a whole range of support out there, not only from the police but from partner agencies who can help you through the entire process.

"There are support services available for victims of sexual abuse, both historic and current and for both adults and children. This help is also accessible to all genders.

"This investigation was incredibly complex. All officers involved in this case have worked professionally and tirelessly to bring Pearce to justice.

"I want to thank all the officers involved for their dedication to securing this conviction for the survivors of Pearce's abuse.

"Gwent Police takes all allegations of sexual abuse, particularly against children, very seriously. If a report is made to us, our officers will investigate them thoroughly.

"Sexual abuse can be reported to us via 101, or to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Pearce received a custodial sentence of 13 years and seven months.
