```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: We received a report that Euphoria Tanning Hair and Beauty in Glyndwr Road, was open and operating against Welsh Government regulations on Saturday, January 16.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Salon owner fined &#163;1,000 for Covid breach
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/salon-owner-fined-1000-for-covid-breach/
publish:
  date: 17:21 27/01/2021
title: Salon owner fined &#163;1,000 for Covid breach | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/salon-owner-fined-1000-for-covid-breach/
```

A salon owner in Cwmbran has been issued with a £1,000 fixed penalty notice for breaching Covid-19 regulations.

Gwent Police received a report that Euphoria Tanning Hair and Beauty in Glyndwr Road, was open and operating against Welsh Government regulations on Saturday, January 16.

Officers attended and saw people entering through the front door. Those inside did not respond to police requests to open the door.

On gaining entry, officers found evidence which showed tanning beds in recent use and beauty treatments taking place.

CCTV footage shows eight people running from the premise out of the fire exit.

As a result of our investigation, the business owner has received a fixed penalty notice for failure to close business / service premises not permitted to be open in Alert Level 4 area of Wales.

Three customers have also received fixed penalty notices for attending the salon, with enquiries ongoing to identify the others present.

Torfaen Inspector Aled George said: "This was a blatant breach of Covid-19 regulations. Businesses who flout the regulations are behaving irresponsibly and putting the lives of their customers, staff and the wider community at risk.

"As this incident shows, we - together with our partners from Torfaen Council - will take action to keep the public safe. We will continue to take enforcement action against businesses and the public who breach Covid regulations.

"We understand this is a really difficult time for our communities, the majority of businesses and residents, are doing the right thing by adhering to Welsh Government regulations and we would like to thank them for their support. Coronavirus levels remain high across much of Gwent, and by following Welsh Government regulations we're all saving lives and protecting the NHS.

"We will continue to engage, explain and encourage our communities to work together with us to keep everyone safe. Everyone has a part to play in stopping the spread of this virus."

Councillor Mandy Owen, Executive Member for the Environment at Torfaen County Borough Council, said: "After reports of the tanning salon operating illegally, visits to the business have been undertaken by Gwent Police and the Council's Covid Enforcement Officers.

"It's clear from the camera footage obtained following the latest visit that the business and customers were aware they were breaking lockdown restrictions putting themselves, others and the NHS at risk. Covid is still circulating in the borough and everyone knows it thrives on close contact, so it was highly irresponsible of the business owner and customers to continue visiting the salon.

"Our Covid Enforcement Officers are working with businesses in the borough, offering advice to ensure they are Covid compliant. Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) and formal enforcement action requiring improvements are issued as a last resort if advice has not been adhered with.

"This is the second time the business has been issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice. Public Protection Officers issued the first fixed penalty notice in June 2020. This is very disappointing. The vast majority of businesses have put measures in place to comply with the regulations, and are working really hard to keep their businesses running, whilst maintaining the safety of their staff and customers. We'd like to say thank you to all the businesses and residents who are doing the right thing and complying with the current lockdown."
