```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Officers are investigating a number of car thefts which have taken place in Brynmawr, Ebbw Vale and Tredegar in recent weeks.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Be vigilant after spate of car thefts in Blaenau Gwent
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/be-vigilant-after-spate-of-car-thefts-in-blaenau-gwent/
publish:
  date: 16:04 24/03/2021
title: Be vigilant after spate of car thefts in Blaenau Gwent | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/be-vigilant-after-spate-of-car-thefts-in-blaenau-gwent/
```

Blaenau Gwent officers are reminding residents to be vigilant following recent car thefts in the area.

Officers are investigating a number of car thefts which have taken place in Brynmawr, Ebbw Vale and Tredegar in recent weeks. Five cars have been reported stolen since March 8.

Enquiries are ongoing into the thefts and patrols have increased in the area.

Residents are urged to report any suspicious behaviour to us.

To minimise the risk of falling victim, it is recommended that residents ensure your car doors and windows are locked.
keep all keys out of view - ideally taking keys upstairs when going to bed - and away from windows, doors and cat flaps.

Thieves can use software to pick up the signal omitted by keyless entry systems to gain access to vehicles.

When not in use you can keep electronic car keys in a security pouch to prevent it being scanned by thieves.

It is recommended that you talk to your car dealer about further security measures relevant to your model.

For example, some keyless entry fobs can be turned off when not in use.
Vehicle security experts also recommend storing your electronic car keys in a metal-lined container to stop thieves picking up the signal.

Other crime prevention tips:
• Park vehicles in their garage or on a driveway.
• Park in areas that are well lit and avoid areas which are in cover of darkness or obscured from any public view.
• Never leave any personal items on show inside the vehicle.
• Don't leave evidence of valuables i.e. windscreens marks caused by sat navs.
• Always ensure unattended vehicles are locked.
• Be vigilant and report suspicious behaviour.

Anyone with any information on the recent thefts can call us on 101 or send us a direct message via Facebook or Twitter.

You can also report information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
