```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reminding residents to remain vigilant following a series of burglaries that took place in the Magor area of Monmouthshire recently."
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Monmouthshire residents reminded to remain vigilant following burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/monmouthshire-residents-reminded-to-remain-vigilant-following-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 08:24 11/02/2021
title: Monmouthshire residents reminded to remain vigilant following burglaries | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/monmouthshire-residents-reminded-to-remain-vigilant-following-burglaries/
```

We're reminding residents to remain vigilant following a series of burglaries that took place in the Magor area of Monmouthshire recently.

Four houses were targeted between 2 - 3 February.

On Tuesday 2 February, items - including a sat-nav, jewellery, money and bank cards - were stolen from a house in South Row, Redwick, while a chainsaw and hedge-cutters were taken from the homeowner's shed. The items are believed to have been taken between the hours of 6.30 - 9.30pm.

While making house-to-house enquiries into the burglary, officers were also notified of a shed break-in the nearby area. No items were taken during the incident, but the shed's lock had been cut off.

Two separate properties in Windsor Close were broken into on Wednesday 3 February, with Bose headphones, money, bank cards and a set of car keys among the belongings reported stolen. These incidents are believed to have occurred between 12.00 - 4.00am.

Gwent Police is now reminding residents across Gwent to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity in the area.

DC Alistair Frame said: "We want to reassure residents that we're investigating each reported crime, and patrols are in place.

"These crimes are thought to have taken place across the late evening and early hours of the morning, so we'd like to remind our communities to keep all doors and windows locked and consider extra protection for garden sheds.

"We'd also ask people to consider CCTV, like motion sensitive cameras, which will make their properties more secure.

"If anyone notices any suspicious activity in the area, please contact us on 101, or, if you see a crime taking place, call 999 immediately, quoting the following log number: 2100039011."
