```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Gwent Police is encouraging communities to get creative while staying safe this Halloween by downloading a seasonally themed activity pack.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Stay safe, be considerate and #PicYourPumpkin this Halloween'
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/tay-safe-be-considerate-and-picyourpumpkin-this-halloween/
publish:
  date: 12:01 23/10/2020
title: 'Stay safe, be considerate and #PicYourPumpkin this Halloween | Gwent Police'
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/tay-safe-be-considerate-and-picyourpumpkin-this-halloween/
```

Gwent Police is encouraging communities to get creative while staying safe this Halloween by downloading a seasonally themed activity pack.

While many public events have been postponed due to the ongoing health crisis, we're asking people to find ways to enjoy Halloween within the national guidance and in a considerate and safe manner.

The activity pack, which is available from Gwent Police's website, includes designs that can be coloured in and templates for carving pumpkins.

These can then be shared on social media, by tagging in one of our social media accounts with #PicYourPumpkin, or the more traditional method in a window at your home.

Meanwhile, officers will be out across the force area to assist the public providing protection and reassurance during one of the busiest times of the year for Gwent Police.

Chief superintendent Mark Hobrough said:

"We appreciate that this year Halloween will be different from other years, but we want people to be considerate and stay safe as they celebrate Halloween.

"We're encouraging people to find ways to mark Halloween within the national guidance. It is important to remember however that not everyone sees the fun in Halloween.

"Anti-social behaviour and criminal damage will never be tolerated by Gwent Police. Those caught committing these offences will be prosecuted and could face a criminal record.

"We're also asking the public to continue to be considerate, stay safe, act sensibly, and be mindful of the national guidance in effect.

"Those who do not follow the guidelines may face enforcement action after we have engaged with, encouraged and educated people beforehand.

"We're working with our partner agencies, such as local authorities, the Welsh Government and South Wales Fire and Rescue Service, to keep the public safe.

"We would also ask our residents to make the right call as we can only respond to crimes and concerns relating to policing matters, which can then be dealt with by our officers."
