```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "Murder investigation Caerphilly \u2013 CCTV images released"
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Murder investigation Caerphilly \u2013 CCTV images released"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/murder-investigation-caerphilly--cctv-images-released/
publish:
  date: 11:40 23/10/2020
title: "Murder investigation Caerphilly \u2013 CCTV images released | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/murder-investigation-caerphilly--cctv-images-released/
```

Detectives investigating the death of 43-year-old Adell Cowan have released CCTV images in an appeal to trace her last movements.

Officers responded to a report of a woman found dead at a property in Dol-Yr-Eos, Caerphilly at around 12.10am on Sunday, October 18.

She has since been named as Adell Cowan, aged 43, from Caerphilly.

We are appealing for information to trace her movements for the evening of Friday, October 16 between 8.30pm and midnight and the afternoon of Saturday, October 17, between 1pm and 5pm.

We are appealing for anyone who may have seen Adell in the locations below to get in contact.

 * Dol Yr Eos, Mornington Meadows, Caerphilly
 * Bedwas Road in the vicinity of the 7 - 11 Grocery Shop, Caerphilly
 * Gwaun Newydd, Caerphilly

Adell was wearing a bright pink and blue coat, jeans and had a patterned Covid face mask as pictured in the CCTV images from the 7/11 Grocery Shop on Friday, October 17.

Detective Superintendent Nick Wilkie, from the force's Major Incident Team, said: "As our enquiries into Adell's death continue, we hope by releasing these CCTV images it may prompt someone's memory and provide vital information to assist our investigation. We are appealing for anyone who may have seen Adell or had contact with her in the days before her death to come forward.

"Any piece of information, no matter how insignificant you may think it is, may help. We are also asking for anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the area for last Friday and Saturday to get in contact."

Anyone with any information can call us on 101 log number 9 of October 18.

Alternatively, you can report information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

The 42-year-old man from Caerphilly, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, remains released under investigation pending further enquiries.
