```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "Unsung heroes of Gwent Police\u2019s force control room honoured during International Control Room Week"
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Unsung heroes of Gwent Police\u2019s force control room honoured during International Control Room Week"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/unsung-heroes-of-gwent-polices-force-control-room-honoured-during-international-control-room-week/
publish:
  date: 15:26 23/10/2020
title: "Unsung heroes of Gwent Police\u2019s force control room honoured during International Control Room Week | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/unsung-heroes-of-gwent-polices-force-control-room-honoured-during-international-control-room-week/
```

Gwent Police has joined other emergency service organisations around the world in honouring some of its unsung heroes during International Control Room Week.

Running until Sunday 25 October, the week is designed to pay tribute to the call and social media contact handlers, who often are the first point of contact for the public when they require assistance.

At Gwent Police, the force control room is separated into two resources - call handlers and social media desk - who can assist with enquiries and queries from residents within the force area.

Call handlers respond to phone calls from our communities, while a dedicated team on the social media desk reply to messages from the public via Facebook and Twitter.

Superintendent Matthew Williams, Gwent Police's head of the force control room, said:

"Since joining the force control room I've been blown away by the commitment of the team. Each day they go above and beyond the call of duty.

"During a time that has seen demand reach a similar level to that of New Year, everyone has pulled together and delivered. My message is a simple 'thank you'."

As a force, Gwent Police receives, on average, between 1,000 and 1,200 calls a day from the public.

To assist with the demand of emergency calls to the force control room, which are answered more often by call handlers, the social media desk responds to non-urgent contacts or queries regarding advice.

Last month, the social media desk received 9,097 contacts from the public on social media platforms.

These two services allow Gwent Police to be there for our communities when they need us; 24 hours per day and seven days a week.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Gwent Jeff Cuthbert said:

"This week we take a moment to recognise the control room team, who are the unsung heroes of Gwent Police.

"The team field thousands of calls, emails and social media messages 365 days a year and, since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic, the demand for their services has been incredibly high.

"Their hard work and dedication to the people of Gwent has never been more apparent.

"I would like to thank them all for their hard work, and for going above and beyond the call of duty every day to help protect and reassure the people of Gwent."

Incidents can be reported to Gwent Police by calling 101, via the force's social media accounts or anonymously through Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

Always call 999 in an emergency.
