```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Luke Bidgway, 34, of Pontllanfraith, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court and received a sentence of three years and seven months of growing and supplying drugs.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/courtresult_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,68,1250,726)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dealer behind Blackwood cannabis grow jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/dealer-behind-blackwood-cannabis-grow-jailed/
publish:
  date: 10:08 23/02/2021
title: Dealer behind Blackwood cannabis grow jailed | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/dealer-behind-blackwood-cannabis-grow-jailed/
```

## Luke Bidgway, 34, of Pontllanfraith, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court and received a sentence of three years and seven months of growing and supplying drugs.

A drug dealer, who was behind a sophisticated cannabis grow and supply operation in Blackwood, will spend more than three-and-a-half years in prison.

Luke Bidgway, 34, of Overdene, Pontllanfraith, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Monday 15 February after pleading guilty to possession of cannabis with the intent to supply and production of cannabis.

Officers executed a warrant in Lon Pennant in Cefn Forest on Thursday 27 June 2019, where a sophisticated cannabis cultivation operation was found.

Large quantities of cannabis were also found in vehicles owned by Bidgway.

PC Mark Ling, the officer in the case, said:

"Drugs have no place in our society. They can often ruin lives, lead to other forms of criminal activity and can have a huge detrimental impact on our communities.

"Luke Bidgway was heavily involved in the production of cannabis, spending thousands in order to set up a sophisticated grow within his own home.

"Officers found more than 5kg of cannabis within both his home address and vehicles.

"He made a substantial profit from this, allowing him to buy luxury vehicles and other goods. These items have been seized and he will now be subject to a Proceeds of Crime Act hearing.

"Bidgway took the decision to involve himself in drug dealing and production; he is now facing the consequence of his actions.

"We hope this substantial sentence will deter others who wish to involve themselves in the drug supply chain. We welcome the decision of the court to hand down this term."

Bidgway was jailed for three years and seven months and will be subject to a Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) hearing.
