```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Four Caerphilly men have been sentenced for being concerned in the supply of cocaine and cannabis.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dealers concerned in the supply of cocaine sentenced
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/dealers-concerned-in-the-supply-of-cocaine-sentenced/
publish:
  date: 11:37 18/03/2021
title: Dealers concerned in the supply of cocaine sentenced | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/dealers-concerned-in-the-supply-of-cocaine-sentenced/
```

Four Caerphilly men have been sentenced for being concerned in the supply of cocaine and cannabis.

Connor Rhys Jones, aged 23, Connor Cooper, aged 20, Mitchell Griffiths, aged 18 and Ross Davies, aged 18, all from Caerphilly, received a combined sentence of more than seven years imprisonment at Cardiff Crown Court on 5 March.

**Connor Jones**

Officers executed drugs warrants at four addresses in Caerphilly on 8 December last year. During the warrants, a quantity of cocaine was seized, which was found in a shoebox in the address of Connor Jones.

**Connor Cooper**

The defendants were linked to being concerned in the supply of cocaine and cannabis through analysis of their mobile phones.

The offences were committed between January and December 2020.

**Mitchell Griffiths**

****

All four pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of a class A drug - cocaine and being concerned in the supply of class B drug - cannabis.

**Ross Davies**

****

Jones was jailed for two years, Cooper was sentenced to two years at a young offender institute and both Griffiths and Davies were sentenced to 20 months at a young offender institute.

DC Michael Coles, officer in the case, said: "Removing those involved in the supply of class A drugs from our streets is a priority for us as it has a hugely detrimental impact on our communities.

"We are committed to protecting those at risk in our communities, bringing offenders to justice and making Gwent a hostile environment for those seeking to do harm.

"If you have any concerns about drug dealing we would encourage people to continue to report any such concerns so we can take action.

"I would urge anyone with any information to call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
