```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Corrie Morgan, 24, of Ysguborwen, and Grant McDonald, 23, of Princess Court, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court after admitting drug dealing and supply offences.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/courtresult_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,74,1250,732)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cocaine dealers from Tredegar jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/cocaine-dealers-from-tredegar-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:24 11/03/2021
title: Cocaine dealers from Tredegar jailed | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/cocaine-dealers-from-tredegar-jailed/
```

## Corrie Morgan, 24, of Ysguborwen, and Grant McDonald, 23, of Princess Court, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court after admitting drug dealing and supply offences.

Two drug dealers from Tredegar who involved themselves in dealing and supplying cocaine have received a combined sentence of 12 years.

Corrie Morgan, 24, of Ysguborwen, and Grant McDonald, 23, of Princess Court, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday 25 February.

### Corrie Morgan

### Grant McDonald

Morgan pleaded guilty to two counts: being concerned in the supply of cocaine and possession with intent to supply cocaine, while McDonald admitted the offence of possession with intent to supply cocaine.

The pair were arrested in relation to offending which occurred between December 2019 and October 2020.

PC Lauren Poole, the officer in the case, said:

"Corrie Morgan and Grant McDonald clearly demonstrated their motivation for financial gain during their illicit drugs operation.

"They did not give a second thought about the damage they were causing to their community.

"The supply of controlled drugs ruins the lives of those in the communities.

"We're dedicated to disrupting organised crime with Gwent. We hope this serves as a clear warning to all those involved in the supply of controlled drugs that this will simply not be tolerated; we thoroughly welcome the sentences imposed on both defendants by the court.

"The information we receive from the public is vital in our efforts to tackle the supply of drugs.

"If you have any information that may assist us in tackling these issues you can contact us via 101, via direct message on social media or report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

Morgan received a sentence of six years and six months, while McDonald was sentenced to five years and six months.

Both will be subject to a Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) hearing later in the year.
