```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "This week, Gwent Police hosted its second online seminar, focusing on what the organistion can do to better represent Gwent\u2019s diverse communities."
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gwent Police marks Black History Month with online diversity seminar
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/this-week-gwent-police-hosted-its-second-online-seminar-focusing-on-what-the-organistion-can-do-to-better-represent-gwents-diverse-communities.-hosted-by-chief-constable-pam-kelly-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-jeff-cuthbert-and-joined-by-chief-sup/
publish:
  date: 11:35 01/10/2020
title: Gwent Police marks Black History Month with online diversity seminar | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/october/this-week-gwent-police-hosted-its-second-online-seminar-focusing-on-what-the-organistion-can-do-to-better-represent-gwents-diverse-communities.-hosted-by-chief-constable-pam-kelly-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-jeff-cuthbert-and-joined-by-chief-sup/
```

This week, Gwent Police hosted its second online seminar, focusing on what the organisation can do to better represent Gwent's diverse communities.

Hosted by Chief Constable Pam Kelly and Police and Crime Commissioner Jeff Cuthbert, and joined by Chief Superintendent Tom Harding, Chief Superintendent Mark Hobrough and Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner Eleri Thomas, the event saw local leaders come together to provide their thoughts on policing and discuss what Gwent Police can do to improve its services.

The session was also joined by the Independent Office for Police Conduct, who were interested in the force's approach to community engagement.

Chief Constable Pam Kelly said:

"This event is all about listening to people's views and taking action.

"We've already achieved a lot since our first online event - through the establishment of new community support officers and providing additional training for officers.

"I want to thank everyone who contributed to the event. I look forward to continuing to make a real difference across Gwent."

Police & Crime Commissioner Jeff Cuthbert said:

"It's so important that we improve the diverse nature of Gwent Police.

"The more representative of our communities we are, the better our understanding of the matters of most significance to our communities.

"Gwent Police is for everyone and we recognise that we have areas to improve.

"This event allows us to bring leaders from across our force area together and take real action."

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding said:

"Since joining Gwent Police I've been impressed by the existing links we have across our communities.

"Following the last online seminar, we've already tackled a number of issues including some local concerns identified in Pill.

"Through targeted investment in time and resources, we're already making a real difference."

Chief Superintendent Mark Hobrough said:

"Previously, I've worked in multicultural areas, so I want to bring that experience to the force area.

"I'm looking to build on the existing relationships already established and continue our work around building a diverse community.

"We must improve our understanding of our communities and embed policing within local culture.

"The future is bright for Gwent, and I'm proud to be part of this important initiative around diversity and representation."
