```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for causing the death of Pontypool man on Christmas Day by dangerous driving.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman jailed for causing death of Pontypool man by dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/woman-jailed-for-causing-death-of-pontypool-man-by-dangerous-driving/
publish:
  date: 12:25 16/02/2021
title: Woman jailed for causing death of Pontypool man by dangerous driving | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/woman-jailed-for-causing-death-of-pontypool-man-by-dangerous-driving/
```

A woman has been jailed for causing the death of Pontypool man on Christmas Day by dangerous driving.

Amber Thomas, aged 25, of Pontypool, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and possession of a class B drug - cannabis.

She was sentenced to three years and eight months imprisonment at Cardiff Crown Court on Friday, February 12.

Officers were called to a collision involving a pedestrian and a red Ford Fiesta on Hospital Road, Pontnewynydd, Pontypool, on Christmas Day 2019 shortly before 10.55pm.

The pedestrian - Ken Haynes, aged 48, from Pontypool, died on December 28, 2019 from injuries he sustained as a result of the collision.

The Ford Fiesta, driven by Amber Thomas, fled the scene and was stopped by officers on the A4042 shortly after the collision.

PC Fred Hill, of the Collision Investigation Unit, said: "The family of Ken Haynes has shown considerable strength throughout the investigation and court proceedings. Our thoughts remain with them at this time.

"Mr Haynes tragically lost his life due to the selfish and irresponsible actions of Amber Thomas, who was speeding and under the influence of drugs at the time of the collision.

"The defendant had no insurance and got behind the wheel knowing full well her driving licence had been revoked. She also left the scene of the collision before police or the ambulance service arrived.

"We would like to thank the members of the public who came to Mr Haynes' aid following the crash.

"Gwent Police's Collision Investigation Unit will continue to robustly investigate all serious and fatal collisions and will bring offenders to justice."
