```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Gwent Police has worked with the Met, Thames Valley Police and South Wales Police to executed warrants at 12 addresses as part of an investigation into the supply of class A drugs.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/arrest_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,57,1250,715)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six arrested in drugs raids across Gwent
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/six-arrested-in-drugs-raids-across-gwent/
publish:
  date: 16:29 18/03/2021
title: Six arrested in drugs raids across Gwent | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/six-arrested-in-drugs-raids-across-gwent/
```

## Gwent Police has worked with the Met, Thames Valley Police and South Wales Police to executed warrants at 12 addresses as part of an investigation into the supply of class A drugs.

Six people have been arrested following drugs raids this morning.

Gwent Police has worked with the Met, Thames Valley Police and South Wales Police to executed warrants at 12 addresses as part of an investigation into the supply of class A drugs.

The warrants took place at six residential properties in Gwent - Gilwern, Ebbw Vale, Blaina, Caerphilly and Newport along with two business premises in Ebbw Vale and Bedwas, Caerphilly.

Warrants also took place at addresses outside of Gwent - Cardiff, Oxford, Kent and Barking.

More than 90 officers were involved in this morning's operation including specialist officers from our organised crime unit, method of entry officers, search trained officers as well as officers from our dogs unit.

A quantity of drugs - believed to be class A - has been seized and will be sent away for forensic examination and identification.

Cash, jewellery and vehicles were also seized during the operation.

Six men aged between 32 and 50 have all been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs - cocaine and are in police custody.

Four men were arrested in Gwent, one in Kent and one in Barking, London.

Those in custody are:

 * A 32-year-old man from Gilwern
 * A 50-year-old man from Ebbw Vale
 * A 35-year-old man from Caerphilly
 * A 37-year-old man from Newport
 * A 40-year-old man from Manchester
 * A 38-year-old man from Barking

Detective Inspector Ian Bartholomew, of Gwent Police's Organised Crime Unit, said: "Today's operation displays our commitment to keeping our communities safe by tackling serious and organised crime. Thanks to the hard work of our officers, six people are in police custody assisting with our enquiries.

"Our investigations and these warrants today, are aimed at those who profit from selling these drugs to some of the more vulnerable people in our communities. Our work to tackle organised crime is so important to stop class A drugs from harming our local communities.

"Anyone involved in this type of criminality can expect to be pursued and brought before the courts.

"As always, I'd like to thank our communities for their support. If you see something that either seems out of place or just doesn't add up then you can contact us and know it will be dealt with robustly."

Anyone with any information on drug dealing can call us on 101 or alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
