```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: 36-year-old Shalane Hodder was sentenced after pleading guilty to twenty-four offences
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman sentenced to thirty months for drug offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/woman-sentenced-to-thirty-months-for-drug-offences/
publish:
  date: 08:48 10/02/2021
title: Woman sentenced to thirty months for drug offences | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/woman-sentenced-to-thirty-months-for-drug-offences/
```

A woman from #Trinant is starting a 30-month prison sentence for drug offences.

Shalane Hodder was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on 29 January.

The 36-year-old pleaded guilty to 24 offences in total:

 * supplying a controlled drug to another - class C
 * supplying a controlled drug to another - class B
 * supplying a pyshoactive substance to another
 * supplying a psychoactive substance with intent to supply
 * possessing a controlled drug with intent to supply - class C x 11
 * possessing a controlled drug with intent to supply - class B
 * fraudulent evasion of a prohibition x 7
 * fraudulent evasion of a prohibition on the importation of a class C drug.

Detective Constable Isaac Gott said:

"This was a lengthy and complex investigation into the illegal pharmacy being orchestrated by Hodder.

"Hodder was running this pharmacy from her own home in South Wales, supplying customers all over the UK and Ireland with drugs imported from India and Siberia.

"The devastation and destruction drugs have in the community cannot be underestimated and often goes unnoticed to those at the top of the organisational hierarchy.

"The removal of tens of thousands of Class B, C and psychoactive substances that could have flooded the streets will now be destroyed, and will go some way to disrupting the flow of drugs on our streets.

"Hodder sold these drugs purely out of greed to line her own pockets. She amassed a large financial gain from her supplying which was re-invested back into the illegal business and did so whilst claiming benefits.

"Gwent Police will relentlessly pursue those who supply any controlled drugs within our community."
