```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Family pay tribute to 72-year-old woman from Cwmbran
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to 72-year-old woman from Cwmbran
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/family-pay-tribute-to-72-year-old-woman-from-cwmbran/
publish:
  date: 12:54 30/11/2020
title: Family pay tribute to 72-year-old woman from Cwmbran | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/november/family-pay-tribute-to-72-year-old-woman-from-cwmbran/
```

The family of a 72-year-old woman who died following a road traffic collision in Cwmbran have paid tribute to her.

Officers were called to a serious road traffic collision involving a pedestrian and a silver VW Golf, at the pedestrian crossing on Llywelyn Road near to the junction of Woodside Road shortly before 7pm, Friday November 27.

The pedestrian, a 72-year-old woman from Cwmbran, was taken to the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff, where she later died from her injuries.
She can now be named as Mary Eiddwen Phillips from Cwmbran.

Her family have issued the following tribute:
"Our Mum, Eiddwen, has been tragically taken from us far too soon. She was a proud mother, mum-in-law and grandmother who spent her working life caring for others. Firstly, as a nurse and then following in her own mother's footsteps by becoming a midwife.
"Since retirement she has travelled extensively, enjoyed gardening, reading, socialising with friends and former work colleagues. She loved spending time with her family, who are devastated by her loss and will be very sadly missed by all who knew her."

Her family continue to be supported by specialist officers.

A 27-year-old man from Cwmbran, who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

We are continuing to investigate and are appealing for witnesses who have not yet spoken with officers to get in contact.

Anyone with any information or dash-cam footage of Llywelyn Road near to the junction with Woodside Road at the time of the collision is also asked to contact us.

Anybody with any information can contact us on 101, quoting reference number 2000432427. You can also contact us via direct message on Facebook or Twitter.
Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
