```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a fatal road traffic collision that took place in the area of Cwmbran Drive and Henllys Way, Cwmbran at approximately 11am on Thursday 24th December 2020 (Christmas Eve).
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal road traffic collision in Cwmbran on Christmas Eve
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-cwmbran-on-christmas-eve/
publish:
  date: 13:23 30/12/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal road traffic collision in Cwmbran on Christmas Eve | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-cwmbran-on-christmas-eve/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a fatal road traffic collision that took place in the area of Cwmbran Drive and Henllys Way, Cwmbran at approximately 11am on Thursday 24th December 2020 (Christmas Eve).

During the collision, we believe a Mercedes Sprinter van collided with a cyclist.

Sadly, a 64 year old cyclist, who we can now name as David Power from the Cwmbran area died at the scene.

His family have provided the following tribute:

"David Power (Dapper) was and always will be a much loved brother, brother in law, uncle, cousin and friend. He was taken from us far, far too soon due to a tragic accident on Christmas Eve.

"David loved life and was full of fun. He was so proud of learning Welsh and would greet his nephews and nieces with a cheeky "Shwmae". To say he liked rugby would be an understatement, he loved it, along with all his many rugby friends of all ages.

"David was also totally dedicated to his work as Honourable Secretary to the Welsh Charitables R.F.C which he thoroughly enjoyed.

"There have been so many tributes to him on social media that we are overwhelmed, thank you all so much, they have been a great comfort to us all at this very sad time.

"Our David has left a huge void in our lives a void that nobody else can ever fill. We are indeed heartbroken. Our only consolation is that he is now reunited with our Dad, Mam and sister Mary. May he rest in peace. From your loving sister Sue."

A 23-year-old man from the Caerphilly County Borough area was arrested at the scene on suspicion of death by careless driving, he has since been released under investigation.

Officers are now trying to establish the circumstances of this incident and are requesting any motorists using the road around this time to please check any dash cam footage that may provide further information that will assist officers with their enquiries.

Anyone with any information or anyone who may have witnessed the incident is urged to contact Gwent Police on 101 or Direct Message us on Facebook or Twitter, quoting: 2000463449
