```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: An additional 36 community support officers (CSOs) are now serving the communities of Gwent following a passing out ceremony held last week.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Say hello to our new CSOs
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/say-hello-to-our-new-csos/
publish:
  date: 12:25 11/03/2021
title: Say hello to our new CSOs | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/say-hello-to-our-new-csos/
```

An additional 36 community support officers (CSOs) are now serving the communities of Gwent following a passing out ceremony held last week.

The recruits will join more than 120 existing CSOs within the force who play a crucial role in protecting and reassuring our communities.

CSOs are at the heart of our communities and this week we are supporting #PCSOWales campaign to celebrate the work they do to keep people safe from harm and to tackle issues of local concern.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Ian Roberts said: "CSOs are a familiar face to many and are vital link between local communities and the police. I am delighted to welcome these new recruits who will be a great addition to the force.

 "We are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce so that we are more representative of the communities we serve. This builds trust, it brings different ideas and perspectives into our organisation, and it helps us deliver better services. I'm really pleased, therefore, to see that five of our latest intake of CSO recruits are from minority ethnic backgrounds."

"The role of a CSO is challenging yet rewarding, and is integral to providing a visible and reassuring presence in our communities. I want to thank our CSOs for their dedication to help tackle local concerns and support the most vulnerable in our communities in particular throughout the Covid-19 pandemic."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jeff Cuthbert said: "Community Support Officers are the link between the police and our communities, helping to develop trust and building greater community cohesion across Gwent. It is not an easy job and CSOs are often supporting some of the most vulnerable people in our society.

"Starting a new career in the emergency services, working on the front line during a pandemic, takes bravery and commitment. These new officers are dedicated to supporting and serving our communities and they will be a welcome addition to Gwent Police at a crucial time. I wish them all the best in their new careers."
