```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Jordan Harding, 23, and Luke Walshe, 22, received sentences of two years and eight months and four years respectively.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/courtresult_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,57,1250,715)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Newport drug dealers jailed after police stop
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/newport-drug-dealers-jailed-after-police-stop/
publish:
  date: 16:07 12/02/2021
title: Newport drug dealers jailed after police stop | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/february/newport-drug-dealers-jailed-after-police-stop/
```

## Jordan Harding, 23, and Luke Walshe, 22, received sentences of two years and eight months and four years respectively.

#### _Jordan Harding_

#### _Luke Walshe_

Two drug dealers from Newport, whose involvement in the supply of cocaine was revealed following a stop by officers, have received prison sentences of more than six-and-a-half years combined.

Jordan Harding, 23, of Vermeer Crescent, and Luke Walshe, 22, of Walford Davies Drive, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on Wednesday 10 February after the pair were stopped by officers on Sunday 22 September 2019.

Both defendants pleaded guilty to two offences: possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A - cocaine - and possession of a controlled drug of class B - cannabis.

DC Alistair Frame, the officer in the case, said:

"Drugs have no place in our society. They can often ruin lives and can have a huge detrimental impact on our communities.

"Quantities of cannabis and cocaine were discovered, after a search of the vehicle when officers stopped these individuals in Newport's Old Barn Estate.

"More drugs were later discovered on Harding and the examination of both defendant's mobile phones revealed their involvement in the supply of cocaine.

"Harding and Walshe took the decision to involve themselves in drug dealing; they are now facing the consequence of their actions.

"Hopefully these substantial sentences will deter others who wish to involve themselves in the supply of drugs. We welcome the decision of the court to hand down these terms.

"Gwent Police is committed to tackling this form of illegal activity in our communities. We will continue to bring offenders who are caught in the drug supply chain in our communities to justice.

"If you're concerned about drug supply in your area, report it to us."

Harding was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison, while Walshe received a sentence of four years.
