```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: Even at times like these, scammers will try and take advantage of the most vulnerable in our communities.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: If in doubt, keep them out!
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/if-in-doubt-keep-them-out/
publish:
  date: 11:08 15/12/2020
title: If in doubt, keep them out! | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/if-in-doubt-keep-them-out/
```

At this time of year, with many houses full of new & valuable presents, we're reminding people to be aware of scammers trying to commit distraction burglaries.

The offenders try to get into homes, to steal items, by pretending they need help or are officials carrying out work in the area. For example, sometimes people purport to be from the gas or water company saying there's a problem in the area therefore they need access to your metre.

Offenders often work in pairs, whilst one of them preoccupies the homeowner the other will search the property and steal items.

People are reminded to:

 * **stop** - before you open the door think about who it could be
 * **check** - who is at the door? Use a window, spy hole, or chain if you have one.
 * **ask** - who are they, why are they there, what do they want? Ask for identification, don't let anyone into your home unless you are expecting them or know them.

If you're still unsure don't let the individual into your home. Contact the company they claim they are from to check their identification. Don't accept numbers the individuals calling give you, use the numbers you have already for your provider, or call a family member or friend to help you.

Chief Superintendent Mark Hobrough said:

"Even at times like these, scammers will try and take advantage of the most vulnerable in our communities.

"Unfortunately, not everyone who calls at your door may be who they say they are, so we just want to people to be vigilant when answering to someone they don't know.

"It's a simple message - 'if in doubt, keep them out'. People shouldn't feel pressured to open their door to strangers.

"During these difficult times, keep an eye out for your neighbours, look after each other and report any concerns to us on 101. If a crime is happening in your area call 999." ** **
