```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: A new model of safeguarding hub to help vulnerable adults and children access the services they need to keep them safe has today launched throughout Gwent.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/gwent/general_social_media_link_1300x650.jpg?crop=(33,0,1268,650)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New multi-agency safeguarding hubs launched in Gwent
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/new-multi-agency-safeguarding-hubs-launched-in-gwent/
publish:
  date: 16:13 11/01/2021
title: New multi-agency safeguarding hubs launched in Gwent | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/january/new-multi-agency-safeguarding-hubs-launched-in-gwent/
```

A new model of safeguarding hub to help vulnerable adults and children access the services they need to keep them safe has today launched throughout Gwent.

The hubs will see a number of agencies - including: police officers, social workers, health and education professionals, probation officers and staff from the voluntary sector - working in partnership to provide valuable information and professional expertise to ensure that those that need help, get the support that they need as quickly as possible.

By working together, front line professionals will look at all forms of vulnerability, including child and adult protection issues such as exploitation, abuse and neglect.

By bringing together partner agencies under one roof, the collaborative approach will allow victims to receive the appropriate support from the relevant services, including early intervention, where children and adults will be signposted to specific early-help services such as Families First to ensure they receive appropriate support at the earliest opportunity.

Partnership hubs are already in place in Newport, Torfaen and Blaenau Gwent. These new hubs build on these successful pilots which all have seen an improvement in the quality and timeliness of information shared between partners, leading to better outcomes for people who need support.

Assistant Chief Constable, Ian Roberts said:

"The safeguarding hubs will provide a consistent and co-ordinated approach across Gwent.

"By working together partners can pool resources and make quicker decisions when safeguarding concerns are reported.

"These essential services will offer families the right support, at the right time."

The chairs of Gwent Safeguarding Board, Damien McCann and Keith Rutherford, said:

"The Gwent Safeguarding Board welcomes this development which it has supported during the pilot stage. It is good to see it being able to be replicated across the five local authorities areas in Gwent, which will ensure speedy and collaborative decision-making to safeguard vulnerable children and adults at risk. This partnership approach will also allow a more preventative and early intervention approach across all organisations within Gwent."

The new hubs will be located in Caerphilly, Blaenau Gwent, Torfaen, Newport and Monmouthshire.
