```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: A dedicated team will support residents, businesses and local officers using tried and tested methods to make it harder for criminals to stop them benefitting from crime.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/campaigns/we-dont-buy-crime/campaigns_wdbc_mb.png?crop=(0,53,640,390)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "We Don\u2019t Buy Crime launch targets thieves across Gwent"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/we-dont-buy-crime-launch-targets-thieves-across-gwent/
publish:
  date: 11:32 16/03/2021
title: "We Don\u2019t Buy Crime launch targets thieves across Gwent | Gwent Police"
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/we-dont-buy-crime-launch-targets-thieves-across-gwent/
```

## A dedicated team will support residents, businesses and local officers using tried and tested methods to make it harder for criminals to stop them benefitting from crime.

Gwent Police becomes the first Welsh force to launch a new approach to protect communities across the region from burglary, theft and robbery.

For the first time a dedicated team will support residents, businesses and local officers using tried and tested methods to make it harder for criminals to get away with their behaviour and to stop them benefitting from crime.

Using a combination of community-led intelligence, undercover approaches and practical techniques such as property marking our ability to identify those involved, convict them and return belongings to victims is significantly increased.

Chief superintendent Tom Harding said: "We want to work with our communities to challenge those who think that it is acceptable to commit crimes here in Gwent.

"We will work with partners and businesses to identify those who cause the most harm across our communities and deal with them robustly, in a way which is effective and innovative.

"The department will use evidence-led strategies and tactics which are proven to be successful in combatting and reducing these types of crime

"It is great to see that Gwent Police is leading the way by rolling out the first 'We Don't Buy Crime' approach by a Welsh force."

The department is funded and supported by the office of the police and crime commissioner for Gwent.

Police and crime commissioner Jeff Cuthbert said: "Crime prevention is the number one priority in my police and crime plan.

"The 'We Don't Buy Crime' approach is a tried and tested model that has already proved to be successful in reducing crime in neighbouring forces and I am delighted that we are taking the lead in Wales by introducing it here in Gwent.

"The new team will work with in partnership with residents and businesses to address vulnerabilities and tackle hotspot areas, and I have no doubt that, by the police and communities working together, we will create a safer Gwent for all."
