```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man from Pontypool has died after a road traffic collision near Abergavenny on Wednesday 10 March and his family have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/standard-news-images-bilingual/tribute_soh_news_landing_page_latest_preview_image_bilingual.jpg?crop=(0,57,1250,715)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute to Pontypool man after B4269 collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/tribute-to-pontypool-man-after-b4269-collision/
publish:
  date: 14:08 23/03/2021
title: Tribute to Pontypool man after B4269 collision | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2021/march/tribute-to-pontypool-man-after-b4269-collision/
```

## A 31-year-old man from Pontypool has died after a road traffic collision near Abergavenny on Wednesday 10 March and his family have paid tribute to him.

We're appealing for information after receiving a report of road traffic collision on the B4269 near Abergavenny, between Llanellen and Llanfoist, at around 5.30pm on Wednesday 10 March.

The collision involved three vehicles - a silver Ford Transit van, a black Fiat Punto and a grey Jaguar X-type.

A 31-year-old man from the Pontypool area was taken to the University of Wales Hospital in Cardiff, where he later died.

He can now be named as Mark Rowley from Penygarn and his family are receiving support from specialist officers.

Officers from the South Wales Fire and Rescue Service and the South Wales Ambulance Service also attended.

A 52-year-old man from Llanfoist has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless/dangerous driving. He has been released under investigation.

We're asking any motorists who were using the road around this time to check any dashcam footage that may provide further information that will assist officers with their enquiries.

We're also appealing for any witnesses or any individuals who may have CCTV footage or information relating to this incident to contact us on 101, quoting log references: 2100084801 or 318 10/03/21.

You can also contact us via social media on Facebook and Twitter and you can report any information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

The family of Mark Rowley, 31, of Penygarn, Pontypool have released the following tribute:

"Mark was a wonderful man. He was an amazing father, son, fiance, brother, uncle and friend to many, who was tragically taken too soon.

"We have two loving sons; one has been taken away too soon but his life and legacy will continue to live on through his children and big brother.

"Losing our boy in such harrowing circumstances has destroyed our family. Mum, dad and Scott will take care of Kirsty and the children for you. As your mum, I made you a promise my boy that I will not let your death be in vain.

"To have lost Mark is heartbreaking - it has come as such a shock to us all. His life was far too brief.

"I will miss my brother who I was blessed enough to call my best friend and drinking buddy. He had the biggest heart whilst being the life and soul of the party. Until we meet again bro.

"Mark may be in heaven now, but he is looking down at us with a big smile on his face, pint in his hand and saying 'move forward, make the best of life, cherish the memories - and I'll see you all soon. Love you'."

His fiance described him as her 'soul mate' and 'inspiration', adding: "My steadfast rock that helped me and our children through thick and thin.

"Mark supported and loved us all and will love him forever."

The family wishes to express their heartfelt thanks to all those who have given their support, compassion and love throughout this very difficult time.

In particular, PC Cozens, PC Pimm, Justine, Abergavenny fire crew from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service, UHW staff and the local residents who assisted on the day.
