```yaml
area: Gwent
og:
  description: "There is no escaping the fact that 2020 has been tough \u2013 with local and national lockdowns and restrictions on travel \u2013 for everyone. While Christmas may feel different this year, but the rules of the road remain the same."
  image: https://www.gwent.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/gwent/news/2109_09_drink_and_drive_sm_graphics_tw_eng.jpg?crop=(6,0,4994,2625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stay safe this Christmas when travelling by following the rules of the roads
  type: website
  url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/stay-safe-this-christmas-when-travelling-by-following-the-rules-of-the-roads/
publish:
  date: 15:13 04/12/2020
title: Stay safe this Christmas when travelling by following the rules of the roads | Gwent Police
url: https://www.gwent.police.uk/news/gwent/news/news/2020/december/stay-safe-this-christmas-when-travelling-by-following-the-rules-of-the-roads/
```

There is no escaping the fact that 2020 has been tough - with local and national lockdowns and restrictions on travel - for everyone. While Christmas may feel different this year, but the rules of the road remain the same.

Gwent Police is reminding motorists to stay safe by continuing to follow the rules of the road - which will remain the same - this Christmas.

Although the roads may be quieter than normal, it is expected that major and minor routes will be busier between Wednesday 23 December and Sunday 27 December as people travel around Wales and the wider UK to visit their families for Christmas.

Road users are advised to ensure that they have checked their vehicles before setting off on a long journey and are suitably prepared in the event of adverse weather conditions.

They can also minimise the dangers of the 'fatal five' by not drinking or taking drugs and then driving; obeying the speed limit; not being careless while driving; always wearing a seatbelt and switching off electronic devices.

Sergeant Jason Williams said:

"There is no escaping the fact that 2020 has been tough - with local and national lockdowns and restrictions on travel - for everyone. We know that Christmas may feel different this year, but the rules of the road remain the same.

"As Christmas approaches, we want to remind people that is completely unacceptable to drive under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

"We're fortunate that an overwhelming majority of motorists use our routes sensibly and within the law."

Officers will be out and about across the entire force area to help keep communities safe and provide protection and reassurance to the public throughout the festive period.

The force will be working with and offering support to our emergency service partners, many of which are preparing for one of the busiest times of the year.

Chief inspector Martyn Smith said:

"The message this year is simple; please don't risk your lives and the lives of others by driving while under the influence of alcohol - drinking at home can still leave you over the limit the next morning.

"We don't want to stop people celebrating Christmas and enjoying themselves, but we want people to stay safe, stay sensible and be mindful of the additional stresses placed on the emergency services over the festive period, especially at this critical time.

"Road safety is of paramount importance to Gwent Police. We will not tolerate behaviour that puts lives at risk on our roads.

"We want to stress that any motorist caught driving their vehicle dangerously, erratically or recklessly will be prosecuted."

Motorists who will be driving into our force area over Christmas are advised also to ensure they are familiar with the guidance from local authorities in Gwent and the Welsh Government regarding coronavirus.
