```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2018 13:31
title: Suspended sentence for teen who brandished hammer at station
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15307/suspended_sentence_for_teen_who_brandished_hammer
```

Court Result

View | Download (PNG - 34 KB)

An 18-year-old who brandished a hammer at a group of passengers who attempted to pacify him has been given a suspended sentence following a British Transport Police investigation.

Lewis Hilliard, of Downham Road, Leyland, pleaded guilty to possession of an offensive weapon and threatening behaviour, and was sentenced on Monday, 26 March, at Preston Crown Court to two months in jail, suspended for 18 months, a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement and 100 hours unpaid work.
The court heard how on Saturday, 10 June last year Hilliard, along with two friends, had been behaving in an aggressive and boisterous manner on the platform at Leyland station.
A group of friends, who had been travelling on the same train as Hilliard and had witnessed an altercation between the three and other passengers, attempted to calm them down.
Hilliard began wielding the hammer and making threats to the group who had been returning from a day out.
Dane Pointon, who was already detained at a Youth Offenders Institution at the time of sentencing on 1 February, pleaded guilty to assault and threatening behaviour after admitting swinging his bag at one of the group, a 57-year-old man, hitting him in the face.
He was sentenced to 16 weeks custody in a YOI, and four weeks to run concurrently, to pay a victim surcharge of £115.
A third male, aged 17, who cannot be named due to legal restrictions, received a conditional discharge and was ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £15 after pleading guilty to threatening behaviour.

Investigating officer DC Chris Biggs said: "This was an appalling and thuggish act of violence by a group of youths who were hell bent on provoking other passengers. The victim had been attempting to diffuse the situation when he was hit, leaving him with bruising and swelling around his eye, before facing another youth wielding a hammer at him.
"Violence like this and the transportation of offensive weapons on the railway will simply not be tolerated. This was a group of men and women who were returning home from a day out only to have it ruined by wanton aggression.
"We will always do everything in our power to ensure that those responsible for violence and carrying offensive weapons are brought before the courts."
