```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2020 11:30
title: CCTV images released following catalytic converter thefts - Midlands
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17074/cctv_images_released_following_catalytic_converte
```

Stourbridge Junction

View | Download (JPG - 23 KB)

Detectives investigating a series of catalytic converter thefts in the Midlands are today releasing images of a number of people they'd like to identify in connection.

On 1st February, a catalytic converter was stolen from a Toyota Auris in the car park of Stourbridge Junction station.

On 9th December, a catalytic converter was stolen by a man from a Toyota Auris in Wolverhampton station.

On 19 November, a catalytic converter was stolen by two men from a Toyota Prius in Telford station at around 2pm.

 On 4th October, two men stole three catalytic converters from three vehicles in Banbury station multi-storey car park.

**Detective Inspector Ray Ascott said:** "We have seen a concerning rise in catalytic converter thefts in the Midlands area in recent months, most commonly from Toyota and Honda vehicles, or 4x4's.

"Typically, suspects will pull up to target vehicles in broad daylight. They will usually jack the vehicle up using a car jack, and then remove the catalytic converter using a chainsaw or something similar.

"The materials will then be sold off for profit, leaving the rightful vehicle owners with very expensive repair bills.

"To help deny criminals this opportunity, I would advise vehicle owners to park with their bonnet towards the wall where possible, and consider etching their registration plate onto their catalytic converter, or investing in a protective catalytic converter clamp.

"We have a number of ongoing enquiries and thankfully, we police a CCTV rich environment. This enables us to secure many good quality images of people we believe may be able to assist our investigation.

"I'd like your help in identifying the people pictured, and I'd also like to urge people to be vigilant to this sort of brazen activity in station car parks.

"If you recognise anyone in the images, please contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 363 of 14/02/20. Likewise, if you see anything suspicious or of concern, please text us discreetly on 61016."

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
