```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 03 Oct 2018 15:22
title: Advice for spectators as Flying Scotsman visits the South West
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15931/advice_for_spectators_as_flying_scotsman_visits_t
```

Fans of the iconic Flying Scotsman are being urged to enjoy the event safely when the engine visits the South West this week.

British Transport Police (BTP), along with Network Rail, is reminding those planning a visit to see the famous steam engine about the dangers of edging too close to the tracks.

Rail enthusiasts are expected to flock to stations along the route to capture the steam engine in all its glory.

Chief Inspector John Angell said: "The Flying Scotsman visiting Devon and Cornwall is an exciting event for many people and we want everyone who is looking forward to seeing the spectacular steam engine to have a great day out.

"Our priority is the safety of everyone viewing and travelling on the train, and our officers will be along the route and at stations to ensure everyone can enjoy the event without putting themselves or others in danger.

"A few things to bear in mind if you are planning to go and see the Flying Scotsman; please plan ahead, use safe vantage points to view and take pictures of the train, stay clear of the line, and do not to risk your safety and that of others by trespassing on the tracks. Please also respect local landowners by obtaining permission before going onto any private land.

"I can't emphasise strongly enough how imperative it is that spectators do not venture onto the railway. As well as the Scotsman, a full timetable of regular services will be running across the region with trains travelling at speeds of up to 125mph. These are often much quieter than people expect and can be upon you in an instant.

"I would also remind people that stations and platforms may be very busy - station staff will be on hand to assist so please listen to them if they are giving information.

"Let's make this a truly memorable occasion for everyone to enjoy safely."

Anyone found trespassing on the railway will be dealt with according to the law - you could be brought before the courts, get a criminal record and a fine of up to £1,000.
