```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020 12:52
title: Parents urged to play their part in preventing railway crime
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17514/parents_urged_to_play_their_part_in_preventing_ra
```

Young vandals at two Lancashire stations could end up before the courts, warns British Transport Police (BTP), as patrols are increased at Clitheroe and Blackpool South.

A recent spate of anti-social behaviour has prompted police to warn those responsible of the consequences. BTP is also appealing to parents and carers to warn children and young people of the dangers of trespassing on the railway.

In December alone, nine reports were received ranging from threats to staff, trespass, criminal damage and stone throwing.

BTP's Sgt Jennifer Leach said: "This behaviour and wanton vandalism will not go unchecked - we are increasing our patrols and these include plain clothes officers at the station.

"It won't be a merry Christmas if we have to knock on your door and present you to your parents with the news you've been arrested. I'm pretty sure a criminal record and a hefty fine are on no-ones Christmas wishlist.

"Too many times we have seen the tragic consequences of young people ignoring the warnings about trespassing on the railway and taking risks that have resulted in terrible injuries or death, so it's vital that parents play their part and ensure they know where their children are and what they are up to.

"Some of these incidents are incredibly dangerous - throwing objects onto the tracks or at trains puts both passengers and staff at significant risk, not to mention the thousands of pounds it can cost in repairs to trains and railway infrastructure.

"Railway lines are operational 24 hours a day and trespassing at any time of day can easily prove fatal. Please, stay off the tracks."

BTP encourages anyone that witnesses trespassing or criminal damage on the railway to contact us by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40. If it's an emergency, always call 999.

Chris Jackson, Regional Director at Northern, said: "It is hard to comprehend that anyone would commit such mindless acts of vandalism. Sadly the damage these few people cause is all too real and impacts our customers whose journeys are disrupted as a result.

"We welcome the extra patrols from colleagues at British Transport Police and will continue to work in partnership with them to help bring those responsible to justice."

Pictures available on request
