```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 02 Mar 2020 13:42
title: "Man jailed for assaulting police officers, threatening train staff and trespassing on the railway \u2013 Carmarthenshire, Wales"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17106/man_jailed_for_assaulting_police_officers__threat
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

Aggressive man who threatened Transport for Wales staff, trespassed on the railway and assaulted police officers has been jailed, following a British Transport Police investigation.

Dafydd Sidaway-Jones, 18, and of Clos Sant Paul, Llanelli, pleaded guilty to trespass on the railway, two counts of assault by beating of an emergency worker and a section 4a public order offence. On 26 February at Llanelli Magistrates' Court, he was handed a 22-week sentence in a young offender's institution and ordered to pay £50 compensation.

On Monday 24 February at around 8pm, Sidaway-Jones became aggressive towards a Transport for Wales train conductor and driver at Pembrey and Burry Port railway station after being asked to leave the train when he refused to pay the fare. He threw punches towards the two members of staff, kicked the train doors when he was ejected from the train and also crossed the railway line several times.

Dyfed Powys Police officers were at the scene and detained Sidaway-Jones on the platform. On arrest, he then assaulted the two officers.

BTP Sergeant Ben Randall-Webb said: "This was an aggressive act of violence towards several innocent people simply trying to do their job. Staff have every right to go to work without the fear of violence and we will not tolerate this type of behaviour on the railway.

"I am pleased to see the judge hand Sidaway-Jones this sentence and we will do everything we can to investigate offenders like this and bring them to justice."

Transport for Wales Security Manager, Simon Turton, said: "Our colleagues and customers expect to carry out their duties and complete their journeys safely, and we do not tolerate incidents of this nature.

"This started as a fare evasion, but escalated quickly into very aggressive behaviour against our colleagues and then the police, while the individual also put himself in severe danger by running on the tracks.

"We work closely with our partners in the British Transport Police to help them investigate offences and we are also looking to develop closer working with them and Dyfed Powys Police to keep the rail network safe in Carmarthenshire."
