```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020 17:56
title: "British Transport Police warning to \u2018train surfers\u2019 \u2013 Merseyside"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17517/british_transport_police_warning_to__train_surfer
```

Police have condemned an incident of train surfing posted on social media which shows someone standing on the coupler between two units travelling at speed on the northern line of the Merseyrail system.

Enquiries are ongoing into identifying the person and those who filmed and posted the video.

Although the footage, which officers describe as 'extremely concerning', has since been deleted from social media, British Transport Police have a copy of the video and are investigating those involved.

PC Jane McGee said: "Although relatively rare this is incredibly dangerous and remarkably stupid.

"We are increasing patrols in the area we suspect this happened and appeal to those tempted to put their lives on the line like this to think again and consider just how dangerous it is and the likely consequences. They are gambling with their lives."

Greg Suligowski, Head of Communications at Merseyrail, said: "It is extremely concerning to see this video which appears to show an individual trespassing on the railway, placing themselves and others at significant risk.

"We are working closely with the British Transport Police to identify those involved so that appropriate action can be taken.

"The non-public areas of the railway can be a very dangerous environment and I would urge people not to attempt to access them under any circumstances."

Anyone with information is asked to contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016.
