```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020 09:10
title: Man sentenced after breaching Criminal Behaviour Order - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17369/man_sentenced_after_breaching_criminal_behaviour_
```

Coffey

View | Download (JPG - 229 KB)

A man has been handed an eight week prison sentence after breaching his Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) as British Transport Police and partner agencies crack down on anti-social behaviour.

John Coffey, 45, of Old Kent Road, London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 8 September.

The judge found him guilty of being in breach of his CBO; he was sentenced to eight weeks in prison and is required to pay a £128 fine.

Coffey was issued a CBO on 7 August 2020, again at Westminster Magistrates' Court, which prohibited him from entering the King's Cross area, and from drinking alcohol in public in the London boroughs of Islington and Camden.

On 7 September, just one month later, a BTP officer was patrolling King's Cross Square, situated just outside King's Cross station.

The officer was approached by an intoxicated Coffey who started speaking to him in a slurred manner.

His breath smelt of alcohol, and he was in possession of a half-full bottle of whisky, which he continued to drink despite being asked by the officer to stop.

The officer undertook relevant checks on Coffey, discovering the conditions of Coffey's CBO. He was subsequently arrested for being in breach of his CBO.

BTP Police Sergeant, David Underwood, said: "The conditions in Coffey's Order were clear; he wasn't to be in the area and certainly wasn't to be there drinking alcohol.

"The conviction is directly linked to 'Operation Mammoth' - a joint operation between BTP, Metropolitan Police and Camden Council to combat anti-social behaviour caused by street population.

"BTP will continue to deal with anti-social behaviour robustly, ensuring Orders such as Coffey's are enforced.

"The operation's primary goal is to house and support individuals such as Coffey. If members of the public are concerned about a person's welfare, please speak to a member of staff or contact BTP."
