```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020 11:00
title: Police appeal to parents and carers to warn children of the dangers of trespassing on the railway
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17390/police_appeal_to_parents_and_carers_to_warn_child
```

British Transport Police and Network Rail are appealing to parents and carers to warn children and young people of the dangers of trespassing after three school children were caught on the railway tracks at Inverurie, Aberdeenshire, earlier this month.

 BTP Detective Sergeant Peter McAndie said: "The railway has always been a draw for children, but it is an extremely dangerous environment and it's certainly not a playground.

 "We see hundreds of people taking risks on and around the railway every year, resulting in tragic consequences or life-changing injuries. Both of these outcomes are avoidable.

"Normally BTP officers would be visiting schools across the North East of Scotland to meet children face to face and talk to them about how we keep people safe on the railways, and how they can keep themselves safe.

"Due to Covid we are unable to visit schools at the moment. I would strongly urge parents to check where their children are going and remind them of the extreme dangers posed by the railway."

 Mark Henderson, senior community engagement manager at Network Rail, added: "Trespassing on the railway is incredibly dangerous - anyone struck by a train will suffer life-changing injuries or worse.

 "We work closely with the British Transport Police and local communities to keep Scotland's Railway secure and educate our neighbours about the dangers on the railway."

 Anyone who spots someone trespassing is asked to get in touch with British Transport Police by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40. Always ring 999 in an emergency.

British Transport Police and Network Rail run a hard-hitting safety campaign, You Vs Train, which highlights the devastating consequences that trespassing on the railway can have. Find out more at youvstrain.co.uk

ENDS

There have been 786 recorded trespass offences committed in Scotland since January this year. This is an 11 per cent decrease on the previous year figure of 883 offences.

This was due to the lockdown months of April and May where levels remained much lower.

Of those offences this year 219 (28%) were committed by children.
