```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2018 10:39
title: Men sentenced for Oyster card fraud - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15576/men_sentenced_for_oyster_card_fraud_-_london
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

Three men have been sentenced for creating false Oyster Card accounts and stolen credit card data to fraudulently claim refunds.

Benjamin Hyacinth, aged 25, of Clitheroe Avenue in Harrow, Jerome Hamilton, aged 23, of Gravely Lane in Erdington and Gabriel Jima-Otero, aged 18, of Wilton Crescent in Southampton, were all sentenced at Blackfriars Crown Court last Friday (8 June).

Between June and July 2016, Hyacinth used stolen credit card data to request refunds to Oyster cards, which were then paid into bank accounts in his control. In the one month period, he claimed just over £6,000.

Hamilton allowed his bank account to receive funds from these transactions.

Jim-Otero had also allowed his bank account to be used for various incidents of fraud connected with the fraudulent refunds from various high street stores.

All three were arrested in late 2016 and early 2017 and pleaded guilty at Blackfriars Crown Court. Their offences and sentences were:

 * Hyacinth - three counts of fraud by false representation - 10 months' imprisonment, suspended for 18 months and £5,000 compensation
 * Hamilton - one count of acquiring criminal property - 12 month community order
 * Jima-Otero - one count of fraud by false representation and one count of converting prospect - 40 hours unpaid work within six months

Investigating officer Det Con Mark Pink said: "Hyacinth attempted to disguise his identity and criminal activity by using other people's bank accounts to receive the proceeds of crime.

"He was able to persuade people to hand over their bank cards and personal details so he could use them to launder his criminal gains. He even had the audacity to carry on his criminal behaviour whilst on bail.

"Hamilton and Jima-Otero both knowingly allowed their accounts to receive criminal property.

"I am very happy with these sentences, which show that BTP will seek out and bring to justice all those who think they can commit fraud."

Steve Burton, Director of Compliance, Policing and On-Street Services at Transport for London, said: "We work very closely with the British Transport Police to tackle fraud and fare evasion.

"This sentencing shows that this type of crime is taken seriously and we welcome that these individuals have been brought to justice."
