```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2020 09:53
title: Over 40 arrests as BTP crack down on knife crime across London and the South East during Operation Sceptre
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17467/over_40_arrests_as_btp_crack_down_on_knife_crime_
```

Op Sceptre 1

View | Download (JPG - 5198 KB)

 * BTP officers made 44 arrests, conducted 258 searches and seized 12 weapons and £1,940 in cash across London and the South East from 9 to 15 November.
 * Operation Sceptre is a national, multi-agency campaign that tackles knife crime and wider violence.
 * Metal detection arches, dog units and uniformed and plain-clothed officers were deployed across the network as part of the operation.

British Transport Police (BTP) united with police forces across London and the South East in targeted activity for Operation Sceptre's week of action, between 9 and 15 November.

Operation Sceptre is a national campaign that brings police forces together in a coordinated period of intensification to tackle knife crime and wider violence. The week of action amplifies BTP's year-round prevention and enforcement work to deter criminality of this nature from the rail network, and emphasises its dedication to the safety of passengers.

The week saw uniformed and plain-clothed BTP officers patrol the rail network alongside colleagues from police forces across London and the South East. Prevention methods deployed included stop and searches, metal detection arches, dog units and officers specially trained in identifying those with criminal intent.

These methods of prevention and enforcement are just one element of BTP's commitment to tackling knife crime and wider violence. Twinned with this is an overarching, multi-agency education strategy to show young people why carrying a knife is never the right choice. This requires the efforts of not just the police, but local schools, charities, friends and families, and prominent members of the community.

From Monday 9 November to Sunday 15 November in the London and South East region, officers made 44 arrests, conducted 258 searches and seized 12 weapons and £1,940 in cash. The week of action is an intensification of the work carried out by BTP year-round to protect passengers and ensure everyone has the right to a safe journey.

British Transport Police Superintendent, Mark Lawrie, said: "Over the course of the week we worked closely with other police forces across the region to proactively tackle and prevent violent crime on the network.

"Fortunately knife and violent crime is rare on the rail network. Our aim is to stop criminals before violence can take place, that's why our officers carry out proactive operations such as Sceptre.

"It's important to remember that the travelling public are our eyes and ears. If you ever see anything suspicious, or anything that doesn't feel right, you can text us discreetly on 61016."

BTP's network of uniformed police, plain-clothed officers and over 150,000 CCTV cameras is watching the railway 24/7; because everyone has the right to a safe journey.
