```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2020 13:38
title: Convicted sex offender jailed again after breaching restraining order - Nottinghamshire
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17073/convicted_sex_offender_jailed_again_after_breachi
```

Steven Kavuma

View | Download (JPG - 30 KB)

A convicted sex offender who breached his restraining order just four days after being released from prison in the East Midlands has been jailed again.

Steven Kavuma, 20, of Raleigh Street, Nottingham, pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining order at Derby Crown Court on 6 February. The judge sentenced him to 15 months imprisonment.

On 7th January 2020, Kavuma boarded a train at Hucknall station and approached a woman travelling on her own.

He repeatedly pestered her and tried to engage her in conversation, causing the woman to become distressed. She reported his behaviour to the train guard who contacted police.

Officers checked CCTV and quickly identified Kavuma from the footage. He had been released from prison on 3rd January after being found guilty of a series of sexual offences on trains in the same area.

On his release, he had been subject to a restraining order which prohibited from travelling on any direct rail service between Nottingham and Worksop between 5am and 10am, and 3pm and 7pm.

Following the incident between Hucknall and Langwith stations, officers arrested him later that day on suspicion of breaching his restraining order, and he was remanded in custody until court.

Detective Sergeant Ian Wright said: "Kavuma is clearly a dangerous and persistent offender, who has a string of convictions for targeting lone women on public transport.

"I am relieved, as I know his victims will be, to see him back in prison and I hope his custodial sentence sends a clear message about the seriousness of breaching court orders.

"Thankfully we were able to very quickly identify Kavuma following the most recent incident and bring him back before the courts.

"We take every report of unwanted sexual behaviour seriously and it is our absolute priority to remove these sorts of offenders from the railway."
