```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2018 10:33
title: "Smiling knifewoman told stabbed teen \u201Cyou deserve that\u201D during motiveless attack \u2013 Taunton"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15300/smiling_knifewoman_told_stabbed_teen__you_deserve
```

Ingrid Ruth McKie

View | Download (JPG - 347 KB)

A woman who stabbed a teenage girl and a police officer during a random attack in Taunton has been committed to a secure hospital.

Ingrid Ruth McKie, aged 60, of Edmund Road, Redruth, pleaded guilty to two counts of causing grievous bodily harm with intent when appearing at Taunton Crown Court yesterday (Monday, 26 March), and was handed a section 37 hospitalisation order and a section 41 restriction order, due to the fact she poses a risk to the public.

The terrifying incident took place at Taunton Railway Station at 4.50pm on Saturday, 22 July 2017. The victim, who was 17 at the time, was waiting for a train with two of her friends when she went to use a vending machine on platform 2. McKie was standing next to the machine but didn't speak to, or interact with her at any point before she returned to where her friends were sat.

Just a few moments later, McKie walked over to the three friends, stood in front of them and, without saying a word, lunged towards the victim with a 4-inch knife, stabbing her in the abdomen. As she did so, she smiled and told the victim "you deserve that".

McKie continued the attack and made repeated attempts to stab her, but the victim - by now clearly in fear for her life - kicked out in self-defence and, with the help of her friends, managed to fend away the blows. When she managed to get away from her attacker, the victim noticed blood covering her top, jeans and hands, and realised she had been stabbed, before collapsing to the floor.

Hearing a commotion, PC Ian Taylor - who was on patrol in a different part of the station - ran towards what he later described as "a frenzied attack". He confronted McKie and shouted at her to stop, but she merely turned her aggression towards him. She instantly tried punching him with her left hand, which PC Taylor blocked, but she then followed that up with a blow to the hip with her right hand. He knew immediately he'd been stabbed.

Despite the injury, PC Taylor pushed McKie onto a bench and held her down. Two passengers then came to help and, together, they managed to restrain and disarm her.

Speaking today, PC Taylor said: "As far as I'm concerned, I was just doing my job - I'm sure my colleagues would have done exactly the same in the situation. I am just so glad I was there to intervene in such a horrific incident.

"I would like to thank the two members of public who stepped in to assist. Had they not intervened, I am convinced McKie would have carried on trying to stab me or anyone else unfortunate enough to be in her path, and we could easily have been dealing with fatalities."

Detective Inspector Jaci Thomas, of British Transport Police, said: "Firstly, I'd like to praise the victim for her courage during what has been an incredibly traumatic experience. I cannot begin to imagine how harrowing an ordeal this must have been for her, but the fortitude and bravery she has demonstrated - both during the attack and throughout the investigation - has been inspirational.

"At first, she did not realise she had been stabbed and tried helping McKie up, thinking she had fallen onto her. However, she soon realised the seriousness of the situation when she saw the knife in her hand. At this point, she went into a state of panic and genuinely thought she was about to die.

"Having sustained a 10cm-deep stab wound to the left side of her abdomen, which caused internal bleeding and required surgery and a blood transfusion, she has clearly been through a huge amount already, and while she still has a long road to recovery ahead of her, I hope this result can help her to start moving on with her life."

DI Thomas added: "PC Taylor was the first person on the scene and showed enormous courage in the face of danger. He put his body on the line and was quickly able to disarm and restrain McKie, preventing further injury to the victim. Thankfully he has since made a full recovery and has returned to work. For his act of heroism, PC Taylor has been put forward for a Chief Constable's Commendation.

"I would also like to thank DS Paul Stanley and his team, who worked extensively on this case and alongside our traumatised victim in order to secure this outcome."
