```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 13 May 2020 15:57
title: Statement released following incident at Victoria station - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17214/statement_released_following_incident_at_victoria
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

British Transport Police (BTP) are today confirming further details in connection to an incident at Victoria Station, London, in March.

On Saturday 21 March at around 11.20am, three members of railway staff were working in the ticket hall at the station.

It was reported that they were spat and coughed at by a man claiming to be infected with Coronavirus.

On 2 April, one of the victims, a 47-year-old lady, was admitted to hospital where she tested positive for Coronavirus.

Very sadly, she died on 5 April.

Following a report to British Transport Police on Monday 11 May, a full investigation into the circumstances behind the incident have begun.

**Detective Chief Inspector Sam Blackburn said:** "I know the death of this member of staff has shocked many of us, and our thoughts remain with her family who are being supported by specially trained family liaison officers as they come to terms with their loss.

"We will always investigate any report of assault thoroughly when we receive it, and it's vital for us to establish the full circumstances behind this incident. We are conducting extensive enquiries to help us do so, including exploring possible CCTV opportunities and speaking to key witnesses.

"I would ask anyone with information to contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 359 of 11/05/20."
