```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019 11:04
title: Two men arrested in connection to murder investigation - Elephant & Castle
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16847/two_men_arrested_in_connection_to_murder_investig
```

Update

View | Download (JPG - 13 KB)

Two men have been arrested in connection to the death of a 24-year-old man at Elephant & Castle London Undergound station in September.

A 30-year-old man from Barking was arrested on suspicion of murder in Antwerp, Belgium on Tuesday (15/10) and a 22-year-old man from Barking was also arrested on suspicion of murder in Antwerp on Wednesday (16/10).

The arrests follow European Arrest Warrants being issued for their arrest.

They will both appear before court in Belgium and then be extradited back to the UK.

Detectives launched a murder investigation after two men were found with stab wounds in the street close to Elephant & Castle Underground station on September 1.

Norman Bertran-Tavarez, sadly died in hospital the next day as a result of his injuries. Another man, aged 25, was seriously injured but later released from hospital.

Two 20-year-old men, both from Southwark, who were arrested at the time on suspicion of violent disorder were both released without further action.

Detective Chief Inspector Sam Blackburn: "This is a pleasing development in our ongoing investigation into the tragic death of a man, and violent assault of another, in a London Underground station.

"Thanks to our colleagues in Belgium, we have now detained two men who will extradited to the United Kingdom."
