```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 03 Jul 2018 09:54
title: Jail for drunk who assaulted station staff member with an iron bar
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15623/jail_for_drunk_who_assaulted_station_staff_member
```

Jamie Parker

View | Download (JPG - 50 KB)

A drunk man who assaulted a member of station staff in an attempted robbery has been sentenced to five years and two weeks in jail following a British Transport Police investigation.
Jamie Parker, aged 31 of Middlesex Road, Brinnington, pleaded guilty to attempted robbery and was sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on 13 June.
The court heard how Parker first entered Brinnington railway station, Stockport on the afternoon of 17 April this year, carrying a can of lager and proceeded to fall asleep in the platform waiting room.
A member of staff attempted to wake him to no avail and called for assistance from British Transport Police.
An officer attended and Parker was removed from the station.
A couple of hours later, Parker returned and loitered near the booking office. Without warning he grabbed the member of staff by the arms preventing him from entering his office. As the staff member bent down to pick up his keys, Parker struck him on the back of the head with an iron bar and demanded money.
He then made off towards the platform.
Parker was arrested on 24 April.
Investigating officer DC Jason Weatherman said: "This was a terrifying ordeal for the victim who was simply going about his job as his shift drew to a close. Parker's sentence reflects the seriousness of the incident and should act as a deterrent to others who believe they can abuse or assault station staff.
"Rail staff should be allowed to carry out their duties without being subjected to violence or the fear of violence.
"The punishment handed down by the court reiterates that violence on the rail network will not be tolerated."
