```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Dec 2019 22:30
title: Chief Constable Paul Crowther awarded CBE in 2020 New Year Honours
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16995/chief_constable_paul_crowther_awarded_cbe_in_2020
```

Paul Crowther

View | Download (JPG - 3802 KB)

The Chief Constable of British Transport Police has been awarded a CBE in Her Majesty The Queen 2020 New Year honours.

Paul Crowther has worked for BTP for 40 years and has served as its Chief Constable for the last five years.

His long career has seen him work on numerous incidents, ranging from the King Cross fire and the Potters Bar train crash, to more recently, presiding over the response to terror attacks that have struck Manchester and London.

Throughout his service he has made clear his determination to keep the national rail network safe and secure as well as supporting victims of crime and the vulnerable. He has been awarded the CBE for a substantial contribution to UK policing and his unwavering focus on keeping more than 3 billion passenger journeys safe each year.

**Chief Constable Paul Crowther CBE** , said: "It has been the greatest honour to serve BTP for the past forty years, and to be the Chief since 2014. Throughout my time at the force, I have seen staff and officers across all ranks tackle and overcome such enormous challenges. Not only have they responded to acts of terrorism, or witnessed devastating scenes following train crashes, they've also brought violent offenders to justice and helped protect vulnerable people from harm.

"While this is an individual award, it is clear to me that this honour is shared amongst all the hard working men and women at BTP who carry out tremendous work every day. As we welcome in 2020, I would like to thank those officers and staff for their dedicated service and wish them and their families a very happy New Year."
