```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 05 Aug 2020 09:39
title: "Police warning following trespass incidents \u2013 Cornwall"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17308/police_warning_following_trespass_incidents___cor
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

British Transport Police and Network Rail are issuing a warning after several recent incidents of trespass in the Cornwall area.

The incidents have occurred on or around the railway near Middleway foot crossing in St Blazey, Holmbush foot crossing in St Austell, and a freight line between St Dennis and Treviscoe.

Several incidents have been reported to police at the three locations since May of multiple people, mainly teenagers, trespassing in the area.

**Embedded Inspector Darren Burridge from British Transport Police said:** "With schools currently closed, I would strongly urge parents to check where their teenagers are going and remind them of the extreme dangers posed by the railway.

"We see hundreds of people taking risks on and around the railway every year, resulting in tragic consequences or life-changing injuries. Both of these outcomes are avoidable.

"Let us be clear, we will actively pursue and take positive action against those who fail to comply with the simple instruction not to trespass."

**Kimberley Carter, Network Rail 's community safety manager, said:** "Railways are extremely dangerous and too many people are risking their lives.

"I encourage parents to remind their children about the dangers posed by trespassing, it is simply not worth the risk. We already see too many people unnecessarily suffering the fatal consequences of trespass or the life-changing injuries it can lead to.

"We will continue to work with BTP to tackle this issue but we are calling on parents to also play their part."

Anyone who spots someone trespassing is asked to get in touch by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40. Always ring 999 in an emergency.

British Transport Police and Network Rail run a hard-hitting safety campaign, You Vs Train, which highlights the devastating consequences that trespassing on the railway can have. Find out more at youvstrain.co.uk.
