```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2019 17:04
title: Two knives seized as officers continue crack down on violent crime - Stratford
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16228/two_knives_seized_as_officers_continue_crack_down
```

Engulf

View | Download (JPG - 13 KB)

Officers seized two knives, cannabis, arrested two people for immigration offences and carried out 17 stops as part of Operation Engulf at Stratford station last night.

The police action took place at rush hour on Thursday 17 January, and was one of many intelligence-led patrols conducted regularly by British Transport Police in response to a national rise in knife crime.

A 19-year-old man, Ruben Carvalho, of Burns Avenue, Chadwell Heath, was arrested on suspicion of possession of offensive weapon after officers found a 20cm blade during a search. He was charged and released on bail.

A 17-year-old-man from Epping was also arrested on suspicion of possession of offensive weapon and possession of cannabis with intent to supply. He was also found with a balaclava and gloves and nearly £200 in cash. He remains in police custody today while investigations continue.

A 46-year-old man from Lewisham was arrested on suspicion of immigration offences and fraud by false representation, following a stop by officers who watched him jump the barrier. He has been released under investigation.

A 41-year-old man from the Isle of White was also arrested after officers noticed him behaving suspiciously and found he was wanted for immigration offences.

On top of this, there were 17 stops, 4 stop and searches, and a number of intelligence reports submitted.

Tackling any rise in crime and removing weapons from the rail network remains our top priority and officers have been working tirelessly in the battle against knife crime.

Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith said: "Operation Engulf which has been running successfully for a year now. These operations involve knife arches, metal detectors, plain clothed and uniformed officers and crucial partnership working with the Metropolitan Police. These patrols have been paramount in taking a number of knives off our rail network.

"Importantly, these successful targeted operations act as a deterrent to those intent on carrying weapons, and help us to keep passengers and staff safe across London. Crime involving a weapon still remains a very rare occurrence on the London Underground and equates to an extra 53 incidents a year - around one a week."

If you have witnessed a crime or believe something is suspicious contact the British Transport Police by calling 0800 40 50 40 or texting 61016.
