```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 02 Sep 2019 10:30
title: Murder investigation launched in London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16737/murder_investigation_launched_in_london_
```

Update

View | Download (JPG - 13 KB)

Detectives at British Transport Police have launched a murder investigation following a stabbing at Elephant and Castle Underground station in London last night (1/09).

Shortly before 11.30pm, officers were called to Elephant and Castle station after two men were found seriously injured in the street nearby.

Colleagues from the Metropolitan Police also attended alongside paramedics, and both men were treated for stab wounds before being taken to hospital by ambulance.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, a 24-year-old man very sadly died in hospital this morning as a result of his injuries (2/09).

A 25-year-old man remains in hospital in a serious condition. Their families have been informed and are currently being supported by specially trained family liaison officers.

Two men were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder in relation to the incident and remain in police custody where they are being questioned today.

Detective Chief Inspector Sam Blackburn said: "This was a shocking act of violence and we are working tirelessly to identify and trace those responsible.

"While the investigation is still at an early stage, at this time we believe there was an altercation between two groups of men inside the Underground station and it is here the victims sustained their injuries before making their way onto the street.

"We have a number of reassurance patrols in the area today so passengers can expect to see an increased police presence on their journey.

"I would urge anyone who hasn't already spoken with police to get in touch with us as soon as possible by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 597 of 01/09/19. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
