```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 22 May 2018 11:15
title: Jail for man who racially abused passengers on Warrington train
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15508/jail_for_man_who_racially_abused_passengers_on_wa
```

A 32-year-old man who unleashed a barrage of racist abuse at train passengers has been jailed for 18 months.
Silvester Solecki, of Densham Avenue, Warrington, was sentenced at Bolton Crown Court on Wednesday 16 May for two counts of racially aggravated harassment and possession of a bladed article.

He had pleaded guilty to the charges at an earlier hearing.

The court heard that on 18 July last year Solecki began racially abusing a group of Asian men and a woman with a young child at Manchester Oxford Road railway station, before aggressively charging at the group of men.

Having boarded his train Solecki's racist rants against Muslims continued.

One young man was so frightened by his hate filled abuse and aggression that he messaged his father to meet him in the station instead of outside.
His father confronted Solecki about his racist behaviour at the station but was met with a barrage of racist abuse. He feared Solecki was carrying a weapon as he kept reaching for his rucksack. He questioned him about this and Solecki told him he had a knife.
On leaving the station Solecki's racist rant continued and he approached the young man and his father in an aggressive manner, squaring up to the victim's father.
A witness flagged down a passing police car and Solecki was arrested. During a search a knife was found in the bag Solecki was carrying.

Investigating officer DC Jeff Preston said: "This was a particularly nasty incident which left a number of people fearful for their safety. Solecki's vile racist abuse left people scared, intimidated and horrified.
"Racism and any form of hate crime has no place on the rail network and will simply not be tolerated.
"Solecki's sentence reflects the seriousness of his actions and should give him time to reflect on his behaviour."
