```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 06 Dec 2018 12:44
title: BTP celebrates third anniversary of Project Servator
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16109/btp_celebrates_third_anniversary_of_project_serva
```

Servator

View | Download (JPG - 5407 KB)

British Transport Police (BTP) are this week celebrating the third anniversary of Project Servator deployments across the rail network.

These are unpredictable, highly visible and intelligence-led patrols which deter, detect and disrupt a wide range of criminal activity, including terrorism, and most of all, keep you safe.

Project Servator involves working together with other police forces, businesses, train operating companies and the public to ensure the UK's rail network is a difficult place for criminals and terrorists to operate. All of this is supported by a range of police resources and visible and less visible measures, including thousands of CCTV cameras across the network.

Since 2015 there have been more than 300 arrests as a result of Project Servator deployments, which have seen everything from knives and drugs to stolen goods and wanted criminals, being taken off the streets.

This year BTP has also expanded this specialist skill to areas in the Midlands and the North West, meaning our unpredictable deployments can now pop up anywhere across the country to spot all manner of criminal activity. For example:

• In March, plain clothes officers at London St Pancras observed a man behaving suspiciously. They searched him and found a knife, counterfeit notes, and cannabis. A search of his home later found £4780 of counterfeit money.

• Also in March, two men were stopped on a Project Servator deployment at Bank station for theft and handling stolen goods. Further searches revealed possession of bank cards not in their names.

• In August, Project Servator officers stopped a man who they observed to be behaving unusually in Manchester Piccadilly. A search of his phone found indecent pictures of women and he was arrested on suspicion of outraging public decency. He has been released on conditional bail while investigations continue.

• In September, plain clothes officers in Manchester Piccadilly noticed a highly intoxicated football fan with a child. As a result of further questioning he was arrested and the child was returned to their mother.

• In October, a man was stopped at Birmingham New Street station after plain clothes officers observed him behaving suspiciously. He was wanted for seriously assaulting his girlfriend with a weapon, he was taken to custody to be dealt with by police.

• In October, a man was stopped at Cardiff station after catching the attention of Project Servator officers. He was found with cannabis, and was also wanted by West Mercia Police for drugs offences and taken into custody.

• In October, Project Servator patrols at Birmingham International Airport helped seize £70,000 from individuals travelling abroad during a week of action, where £30,000 was found stashed in nappies alone. Investigations continue.

On Monday officers in London marked the anniversary with a series of Project Servator deployments, which saw large-scale patrols at London Liverpool Street station and the 02 Arena.

The patrols included uniformed and plain clothed officers, armed response teams and our four legged friends. Teams were also joined by colleagues from the Metropolitan Police and the City of London Police.

Inspector Pete Day said: "I am pleased to be celebrating another hugely successful year of Project Servator at British Transport Police.

"Project Servator deployments are vital in creating a network of vigilance and a difficult environment for terrorists considering their targets and individuals looking to commit crime.

"Everyone that uses and works across our rail network has a vital role to play in being our eyes and ears, and I would like to thank the public for their continued support in reporting things that don't feel right to them.

"If you see us out and about, come and say hello and find out more about the work we are doing to keep you safe."

You can report anything suspicious by speaking to a police officer or member of rail staff. You can also text 61016 or call 0800 40 50 40.
