```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2018 11:59
title: "British Transport Police and Network Rail team up to paint the town red\u2026 orange, yellow, green, blue and violet in time for Pride"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15793/british_transport_police_and_network_rail_team_up
```

Manchester Piccadilly Pride crossing

View | Download (JPG - 723 KB)

In a joint effort from British Transport Police and Network Rail - who manage Manchester Piccadilly station - the pedestrian crossing outside the station's main entrance on Piccadilly Approach has been transformed from its traditional black and white into the colours of the Pride flag, symbol of the LGBT community.

They say that somewhere over the rainbow dreams come true - at the end of this rainbow lies the trail to Canal Street and Manchester's gay village.

The Pride crossing leads visitors in the direction of the city's iconic gay village and officers will be on hand throughout Pride weekend to offer reassurance and assistance.

BTP chief inspector Dave Rams approached Network Rail with the idea following conversations with a colleague at GMP, inspector Jacqui Prest.

Network Rail were more than happy to get on board and make it happen. With a big thumbs up from the station managers, plans soon got underway to create Manchester's very own Pride signpost for the event.

And BTP and Network Rail along with station staff recreated the iconic cover of the Beatles Abbey Road album to launch the pride crossing.

Chief Inspector Dave Rams said: "We thought this was great way to celebrate Pride and a fantastic way to welcome visitors to the city and point them in the direction of Canal Street.
"We have a rich heritage of inclusivity here in Manchester and we're proud that our Pride event is one of the biggest in the UK. We want everyone to enjoy the event and celebrate with us. We'll be here to greet visitors when they arrive at Piccadilly station - so come and say hello on your way through - and remember WeStandTogether!!

Scott Green, Manchester Piccadilly station manager said: "It's great to show our support for the Pride Festival and along with British Transport Police, we are looking forward to giving visitors a warm welcome to Manchester."
