```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020 14:12
title: "Appeal for witnesses after men steal over \xA350,000 from cash machine - Cheshire"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17031/appeal_for_witnesses_after_men_steal_over__50_000
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after three men stole more than £50,000 from a cash machine in Cheshire before hospitalising a 52-year-old man as they made off.

On 16 January at around 9.50pm, three men entered Macclesfield station. One of the men used a crow bar to prise open a freestanding cash machine in the ticket hall.

They then used a heavy duty metal chain attached to the green Range Rover they had travelled in to tear the front of the cash machine off. This caused considerable damage to the walls, doors and fixtures of the ticket hall.

The men then removed the cash boxes from the machine and drove off at speed. During their getaway, the chain attached to the rear of the vehicle hit a 52-year-old pedestrian and knocked him off his feet outside the Queen's pub.

He was taken to hospital by ambulance **** where he received treatment for serious bruising and ligament damage.

The three men were all dressed in black with balaclavas on. The driver of the vehicle had a black ski mask on with the white Nike tick emblem on the left cheek side.

It is believed more than £55,000 of cash was stolen. The men abandoned the Range Rover nearby and transferred the cash into a black Audi A3 sport which they then drove off in.

**Detective Constable Jon Price said:** "This was a shockingly brazen incident and clearly these men had absolutely no regard for the passengers or staff who were in Macclesfield station at the time.

"I would like to appeal to any witnesses who haven't already spoken to police to get in touch with us as soon as possible. Any information, no matter how small, could be crucial to our investigation.

"In particular I'd ask anyone who was in the Macclesfield area at the time to check their dashcam footage which may have caught the vehicle leaving the scene or later being abandoned.

"Likewise, please think carefully, have you noticed a sudden change in someone's financial situation which has aroused suspicion? If so, we'd like to hear from you.

"You can text us on 61016 or call 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 623 of 16/01/20, or you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
