```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 03 Apr 2020 10:10
title: Man jailed for carrying a knife at Crewe station - Cheshire
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17170/man_jailed_for_carrying_a_knife_at_crewe_station_
```

A man has been jailed for carrying a knife and trespassing at Crewe Railway station, Cheshire, following an arrest by the British Transport Police County Lines Taskforce.

Jordan French, 21, and a second man were stopped at the station on Thursday 26 March and searched under the misuse of drugs act.

Officers found a knife in French's waistband and two phones.

He had also been witnessed trespassing on the tracks at the station an hour previously.

French, of Charnwood Road in Birmingham, appeared at North Cheshire Magistrates' Court a day later where he pleaded guilty to carrying a knife and trespassing on the railway.

He was jailed for six months.

The arrest was part of an operation by the BTP County Lines Taskforce at Crewe Railway station.

The Taskforce, created in December 2019 following funding from the Home Office, carries out operations at stations across England, Wales and Scotland and continues to do so.

The operations are based on the latest intelligence and targets areas commonly used by County Lines gangs. A key goal is the safeguarding of young people exploited by such gangs.

PS Peter Wilcock, of British Transport Police, said: "The Taskforce continues to be very active, and continues to crack down on violent crime and the trafficking of drugs on the railway network.

"My team pulled an 18-hour shift to secure the charge of French. Their significant efforts contribute to our national goal of ensuring the railway continues to be a very safe means of travel."

The second man stopped alongside French was arrested and charged with possession of cannabis, trespass and travel fraud.

Jay Adams, 20, of Broughton Road in Crewe, is due to appear at East Cheshire Magistrates' Court on Thursday 16 April.
