```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 02 Oct 2020 10:39
title: "Persistent rail cycle thieves jailed \u2013 Cambridgeshire"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17397/persistent_rail_cycle_thieves_jailed___cambridges
```

Two persistent cycle thieves who stole commuter's bicycles in Huntingdon and St Neots, Cambridgeshire, have been jailed following a British Transport Police (BTP) investigation.

Benjamin Hendy, aged 38, from Bridgefoot, St Ives, Cambridgeshire, pleaded guilty to eight counts of theft and one of attempted theft. He was sentenced to a total of fifty weeks in prison for these and previous offences and ordered to pay £3,064 in compensation.

His partner, Camilla Rumsey, aged 30, of Park Road, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to seven counts of theft and one attempted theft and was sentenced to 16 weeks in prison.

Police Constable Chris Marshall said:
"Bicycles belonging to passengers at Huntingdon and St Neots were targeted by this pair of persistent thieves between July and September this year. The suspects were identified through CCTV and local enquiries and they were arrested at a nearby property soon afterwards.

"We understand the distress, cost and inconvenience that can be caused by cycle theft and target suspects and locations with a range of policing techniques. We also urge cyclists to take some simple steps before their journey and at the station to greatly reduce their risk of becoming a victim.

"Anyone noticing suspicious activity at stations or bicycle stands should alert a member of station staff or contact BTP by texting 61016, calling 0800 40 50 40 or, if a crime is in progress, calling 999."

BTP works with station operators to reduce cycle thefts. Advice on how to greatly reduce your chances of becoming a victim can be found here.
