```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018 14:30
title: Jail for man who sexually assaulted young mother in front of her children on Merseyside train
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15585/jail_for_man_who_sexually_assaulted_young_mother_
```

Paul Andrew Perry

View | Download (JPG - 37 KB)

A man who subjected two women to disgusting sexual slurs as they travelled back from a trip to the seaside with their children has been jailed for 24 weeks following a British Transport Police investigation.

Paul Andrew Perry, aged 37, of Collier Street, Runcorn, was found guilty of sexual touching and threatening behaviour and sentenced to 20 weeks, with an additional four weeks for assaulting a police officer on a separate occasion, at Liverpool Magistrates' Court today (Tuesday, June 19).

He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £115 and must sign the sex offender's register for seven years.

The court had previously heard how on Wednesday, 23 August last year, Perry was travelling in the same train carriage as his two victims who were returning from a day out in Southport with their children.

When one of the children began to cry he remarked that he would prefer not to travel in a nursery. The victim, believing Perry to be drunk, ignored him. He then began making fun of their accents before making lewd and derogatory comments about the women.

He continued to make sexual and lewd comments to the women in front of their children until a fellow passenger asked him to stop.

When one of the women got up to push the pram to the aisle, Perry approached and sexually assaulted her until the same passenger stepped in.

Investigating officer DC Mark Douglas said: "Perry's disgusting behaviour left these two women, who were each travelling with their children, feeling vulnerable, humiliated, sickened and intimidated.

"To have had a family day out ruined by Perry's vile ranting is bad enough but for children to have witnessed his deplorable actions makes this so much worse.

"Thanks to the bravery of his victims in reporting this incident and supporting the conviction Perry is now behind bars where he will hopefully have time to reflect on his actions.

"No one should have to experience unwanted sexual behaviour and we will always do all we can to bring those responsible to justice."
