```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019 11:04
title: Appeal to identify man after being struck by a train - Mossley Hill, Merseyside
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16468/appeal_to_identify_man_after_being_struck_by_a_tr
```

Merseyside

View | Download (JPG - 129 KB)

Detectives from British Transport Police are today releasing a CCTV image in an effort to identify a man who died on the railway on 17 March.

At approximately 9.48pm, officers were called to #MossleyHill station in #Liverpool following a report of a person being struck by a train.

Paramedics also attended, however a man was pronounced dead at the scene. Despite efforts by officers to identify the man since this incident, he remains unidentified.

To assist officers with their enquiries, a CCTV image of the man is being released. If you know who he is then please contact BTP as soon as possible.

DI Gemma Jones from British Transport Police, said: "This was a tragic incident and we are working very hard to identify this man so we can offer his family support and let them know what has happened. If you know who this man may be then I would urge you to contact us as soon as possible.

"Since 17 March we have thoroughly examined the circumstances which led to his death. We are confident that there is nothing to say this death is suspicious."

The man was white, believed to be in his late twenties to early thirties, and of medium build. Officers believe he may have been homeless.

Anyone with information can contact BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 141 of 17/03/2019.
