```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2020 15:46
title: BTP appoints new lead on Trust, Legitimacy and Community Relations
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17379/btp_appoints_new_lead_on_trust__legitimacy_and_co
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

BTP (British Transport Police) has appointed a new Chief Superintendent who will be the force's Lead on Trust, Legitimacy and Community Relations.

Dennis Murray will be joining the force on secondment from Northamptonshire Police where he is currently a Superintendent and Local Policing Area Commander.

The newly created role will see Dennis lead on the force's race action plan called 'Move the Needle.' It sets out our commitment to tackling racism, bias and prejudice, and Dennis will help to inform our approach and build on positive relationships with passengers and rail staff.

Dennis joined Northants Police in 1992 as a Special Constable, and has worked across many areas including crime, intelligence and community safety. In 2004, he became a Hate Crimes Officer, winning the David Ryan Memorial Cup for his engagement work with Muslim communities across Northamptonshire.

He will begin his role at BTP on 2 November.

**Chief Constable Paul Crowther, said:** "I am absolutely delighted to welcome Chief Superintendent Dennis Murray to lead this really important work.

"His experience and insight, gained through working extensively with diverse communities to ensure policing is both effective and proportionate, will be a great asset to BTP.

 "Dennis demonstrated that he really gets what we are seeking to achieve. He has the personal leadership skills and drive to build upon the work already underway in the Force and to help take us to the next level and beyond."

"There is much to do, and Dennis will play a vital role in delivering the change we seek."
