```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018 16:08
title: Woman jailed for life after violent train stabbing - South Wales
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15973/woman_jailed_for_life_after_violent_train_stabbin
```

Lisa Savage 2

View | Download (JPG - 66 KB)

A woman who stabbed her friend in a violent attack on board an Arriva Trains Wales service has today been jailed for life.

Lisa Savage, 42, of Aberdare, South Wales, appeared at Cardiff Crown Court on 16 October where she was sentenced, having pleaded guilty to attempted murder at a previous hearing.

On 15 April, Savage and the 43-year-old woman boarded the 10.33pm Gloucester to Cardiff Central service. The court heard the pair had spent the day drinking and soon began to argue.

Savage then kicked and punched her victim, before pulling out a blade and stabbing her repeatedly. She was left with multiple lacerations to her face and hands which required surgery, and a deep stab wound to her neck.

Savage left the train at Chepstow Station, leaving the victim bleeding heavily on the floor.

Following enquiries by BTP, Savage was located in a nearby car park and arrested by local officers. She laughed and told police: "I'm happy" and "I took her out didn't I." In addition to the blade used, officers also found a large kitchen knife in her handbag.

Savage was sentenced to life in prison, where she will serve a minimum of eight years and four months.

In a statement provided to police, the victim said she now struggles to leave the house, and has suffered violent flashbacks of the incident. She has now been told she will never be able to fully open her right eye again, and her vision will never return to normal.

Temporary DCI Jaci Thomas said: "This was a shocking and vicious attack, and I am pleased we have been able to bring Lisa Savage to justice.

"I would particularly like to thank my team for their outstanding contributions to this case, which has seen Lisa Savage receive a long custodial service and a dangerous woman removed from the streets."
