```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2020 22:30
title: "Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock awarded Queen\u2019s Police Medal in 2021 New Year Honours"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17527/deputy_chief_constable_adrian_hanstock_awarded_qu
```

DCC Adrian Hanstock

View | Download (JPG - 5189 KB)

The Deputy Chief Constable of British Transport Police (BTP) has been awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) in Her Majesty The Queen's 2021 New Year Honours for his substantial contribution to UK policing over a 37-year career and his unwavering focus on keeping more than 3 billion passenger journeys safe each year.

Adrian Hanstock joined BTP in 2014 as its Deputy Chief Constable (DCC), becoming a trusted and highly respected senior leader both with colleagues in the force and stakeholders across the railway industry.

He has provided outstanding operational leadership, whether tackling serious crimes, safeguarding vulnerable people or in response to major incidents. DCC Hanstock has also overseen the transformation of BTP and its investment in modern digital capabilities, enhanced approach to crime investigation and has embedded improvements in force standards.

He has been active in strengthening the diversity of the force and has driven improvements in wellbeing services available for frontline officers and staff.

Before joining BTP, DCC Hanstock had a distinguished career at the Metropolitan Police Service in which he led highly sensitive operations to combat gun crime and organised drug trafficking, as well as taking operational control on each day of the 2012 London Olympic Games, ensuring international competitors, dignitaries and spectators could travel safety between Olympic venues and around London.

For eight years he has been the National Police Chiefs' Council lead for the use of stop and search powers and provides guidance to police leaders across the country, setting operational direction that has delivered better operational outcomes and enhanced community confidence. He has influenced policy at government level and introduced national guidelines to support the effective and fair use of this police power.

DCC Hanstock is also a founder trustee of the Railway Dogs Benevolent Fund, a charity established to provide welfare support for retired police dogs.

**Chief Constable Paul Crowther CBE said:**

"I'm very proud to see Adrian's commitment recognised by Her Majesty in her New Year Honours awards. Adrian has made a substantial impact to UK policing and is an inspirational role model who consistently delivers beyond what is expected. His dedication to policing for more than 35 years, with a clear focus on protecting the public, is of the highest order and I am pleased to see this recognised in the Honours List."

**Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock QPM said: **

"I am thrilled to receive this honour. The announcement is a wonderful surprise and to be awarded a QPM is an incredible privilege.

"The past year has presented some unimagined challenges however I am fortunate to work with some talented individuals and teams who every day dedicate their lives to protecting the public and seeking justice for those targeted by offenders, let alone tackle the extraordinary issues that 2020 presented.

"I would particularly like to acknowledge their exceptional professionalism and dedication to public service in accepting this award, as well as express my gratitude for the outstanding support of family and friends over the years."

**ENDS **

**Notes to Editors **

Biography - Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock

Born in Nottinghamshire, Adrian Hanstock began his career as a Criminal Records clerk with Nottinghamshire Constabulary where he was fascinated by details of crimes and investigations set out in archive crime reports he was asked to research.

He became a police constable in 1985 just as the national miner's strike ended and patrolled the beat in Sutton-in-Ashfield, a small mining town in north Nottinghamshire where he was first introduced to the challenges and rewards of community-based policing.

Working his way up through the ranks, earning a reputation both as a committed detective and forward-thinking leader, he transferred to the Metropolitan Police Service in the late 1990s where he led highly sensitive operations to combat gun crime and organised drug trafficking, as well as enquiries into serious sexual offences.

Following a period leading policing in the Borough of Enfield in North London, he attended the Strategic Command Course at Bramshill Police College, becoming a Commander in 2011.

Mr Hanstock held a significant role during the 2012 London Olympic Games taking operational control each day ensuring international competitors, dignitaries and spectators could travel safety between Olympic venues and around London throughout the Games.

He has been the National Police Chiefs' Council strategic lead for Stop and Search since 2013, using his considerable diplomacy skills when balancing the significant operational challenges and appreciable community interests invoked by use of the powers.

**ENDS **

** **

** **
