```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 08 Apr 2020 15:46
title: Man arrested at Canning Town station - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17177/man_arrested_at_canning_town_station_-_london_
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

A man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs at Canning Town station this morning, after his non-essential journey came to the attention of officers.

Officers from BTP's Neighbourhood Policing Team and Operational Support Unit were at the station this morning (8 April) engaging with passengers and reminding them of the urgent need to follow government advice.

One man, an 18-year-old, told police he was going to visit a friend. When officers rightly pointed out this wasn't a valid reason to be using the Underground network, he became aggressive towards them.

When challenged on his behaviour he then ran off from police. Officers caught up with him outside of the station where he was searched and found to be in possession of a quantity of drugs.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and has been taken to police custody for questioning.

**Sergeant Andy Day said:** "We have a highly visible presence of officers across the capital engaging with passengers day and night to remind them of the urgent need to follow the government advice on essential travel.

"It is important to remember that this is still business as usual for us, and we remain vigilant and ready to take action should we come across anyone using the railway to commit crime.

"In this case, a simple question about a young man's journey has led to not only his arrest but a quantity of illegal drugs being removed from the network.

"Let us be clear - we're still here, we're still vigilant, and we're still working round the clock to keep you safe."
