```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 05 Jan 2021 15:30
title: Images released following spate of robberies on the London Underground
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17533/images_released_following_spate_of_robberies_on_t
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Do you recognise these men?

Officers investigating a number of robberies and attempted robberies on the London Underground are today releasing CCTV images in connection.

At 5.45pm on Wednesday 18 November 2020, four men attempted to take a victim's bag on-board a Tube. The victim departed at Piccadilly Circus station where he was chased by the men, but fortunately got away.

Half an hour later on the same evening, four victims were followed from South Kensington station to Green Park station by four men. When they arrived at the Green Park station platform, the four men robbed the victims of their possessions.

The following day at 3pm three men approached a victim on on-board a Tube. When the victim got off the service at Green Park station, the men chased the victim through the station. The victim found a member of station staff and the three men ran away.

Just over an hour later, three men approached a further victim at Westminster station and attempted to take the victim's phone.

Officers believe the men in the CCTV images may have information which could help their investigation.

If you recognise them, or have any information, please contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 327 of 19/11/20.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
