```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019 13:01
title: Child sadly dies on the railway in Bootle - Merseyside
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16837/child_sadly_dies_on_the_railway_in_bootle_-_merse
```

Officer

View | Download (JPG - 349 KB)

British Transport Police (BTP) can confirm that a 12-year-old boy sadly died on the railway in Bootle, Merseyside last night (15/10).

Officers from British Transport Police were called to the lines in Bootle shortly after 7pm last night (15/10) following reports of a casualty on the tracks.

Paramedics from the North West Ambulance service also attended, and a 12-year-old boy from the local area was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His injuries were consistent with electrocution and the incident is not being treated as suspicious.

The boy's family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained family liaison officers. They are requesting privacy at this difficult time and will not be releasing any comment or tribute to the press.

Detective Chief Inspector Steve Lewis said: "This is an incredibly tragic incident which I know will have shocked many in the local community.

"I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the boy's family and request that they are given the space and privacy they need to come to terms with this devastating loss.

"While we have no reason to be believe there were any suspicious circumstances to this incident, we are still working to establish the full circumstances behind the boy's death. I would like to appeal to anyone in the area who may have seen two young boys close to the tracks around this time to get in touch with us.

"You can do so by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 488 of 14/10/19."
