```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 06 Apr 2020 16:27
title: Man jailed following violent assault of multiple officers and a police dog - Nottingham
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17173/man_jailed_following_violent_assault_of_multiple_
```

Court Result

View | Download (PNG - 34 KB)

A violent thug who assaulted multiple police officers and a police dog in a shocking act of violence in Nottingham has been sentenced to four years in prison.

Nelson Nelson, 29, of Stonnall Road, Aldridge, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 6 April. He pleaded guilty to two counts of Actual Bodily Harm, assault with intent to resist arrest, assault of an emergency worker, possession of an offensive weapon, possession of a bladed article, and causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.

Today (27 April),a judge sentenced him to four years in prison.

On Saturday 4 April, two BTP officers were on patrol at Nottingham station, when they noticed Nelson trying to board a train. Nelson took exception to them asking if his journey was essential and became abusive towards them, threatening to "knock them out".

As a result of his threatening behaviour, he was refused travel and escorted out of the station where he then punched both officers to the face.

Both were knocked to the ground, with one falling unconscious and the other managing to get up and chase after Nelson. Nelson dragged him into the road in front of an oncoming bus, before making off into a building site opposite the station.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police arrived shortly after to assist BTP, and managed to locate Nelson who then charged at an officer and punched him.

Arming himself with a plank of wood with nails in, he charged at a Nottinghamshire Police dog handler and hit the dog multiple times with the wood, causing a cut to his chin.

Nelson was swiftly detained and arrested for multiple offences. After searching him, officers also discovered he was carrying a lock knife.

Both BTP officers were taken to hospital for treatment. One was confirmed to have severe concussion and bruising to her face, while the other suffered ligament damage to his jaw and thumb, as well as bruising and swelling across his body.

The Nottinghamshire Police officer and police dog thankfully weren't seriously injured and didn't require treatment.

**Chief Inspector Gareth Davies said:** "This was a truly horrifying incident which involved a sustained attack on multiple officers and a police dog, all just trying to do their jobs.

"There is never an excuse for this sort of behaviour, but it's all the more shocking to think this violent rampage began after Nelson was simply asked if his journey was essential.

"Thankfully, no one was more seriously injured, and Nelson will now have the next few years to reflect on his actions in prison.

"Let me be absolutely clear, we simply will not tolerate aggression or violence towards police officers and we will do everything in our power to ensure offenders like Nelson are brought before the courts to face justice, like he has today."
