```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 13 Sep 2018 16:20
title: Llanelli man threatened to stab, beat and smash heads during three-month campaign of aggression
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15879/llanelli_man_threatened_to_stab__beat_and_smash_h
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

A Llanelli man terrorised passengers and rail staff in West Wales during a three-month campaign of aggression.

Carlo Jones assaulted two people at Llanelli train station, on 7 April and 26 May. During the first incident, he told his victim "you won't make it to the police, I'll stab you".

On six other occasions, between 11 May and 30 July, he verbally abused and threatened passengers and members of rail staff at both Llanelli and Burry Port.

During an incident on 13 May, Jones said to his victim "you're lucky there are cameras at the station or I will smash your head in". Then, nine days later on 22 May, he told a train manager who had refused to let him on to the service "open the doors or I'll kill you", before making further threats and comments over his appearance and perceived sexual orientation. The following day, 18-year Jones verbally abused another train manager and threatened to punch a train driver.

Finally, on 30 July, he attempted to head butt a train manager before chillingly telling him "I will see you out of work and I will kill you".

Jones, of Station Road, appeared before Llanelli Magistrates' Court on 13 August and pleaded guilty to all eight charges, and also admitted two further charges of theft and assault from 1 August. He was sentenced to 250 hours of unpaid work on behalf of the community and ordered to pay £150 compensation, £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs.

Investigating officer PC Carl Needs, of British Transport Police (BTP), said: "Jones' aggressive and threatening behaviour, sustained over a three-month period, was unprovoked, terrifying and entirely unacceptable.

"He created an environment of fear and intimidation for staff and passengers in Llanelli and Burry Port, resulting in significant ongoing distress for the victims.

"No one should feel threatened or intimidated on the rail network, and rail staff should be able to carry out their jobs without threat of physical or verbal abuse.

"I would urge anyone who is subjected to or witnesses such behaviour to report it immediately. Incidents can be discreetly reported to us by text on 61016."

Sergeant Steve Dawkins said: "This individual caused a huge amount of discomfort for the travelling public and rail staff in West Wales. Thanks to some excellent work and a thorough investigation by PC Needs, Jones was brought to justice and made to face up to his actions."
