```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2020 16:57
title: More than 140 County Lines arrests by British Transport Police Taskforce
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17087/more_than_140_county_lines_arrests_by_british_tra
```

County Lines Shrewbury

View | Download (JPG - 3150 KB)

More than 140 people have been arrested since the start of a County Lines Taskforce set up by British Transport Police in December.

Latest arrests include a man stopped at Kings Cross station in London where officers seized more than £3,000 in heroin and crack cocaine.

This morning, Wednesday 19 February, the Taskforce worked with the Metropolitan Police to execute a warrant at a home in London, arresting one man on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.

The Taskforce was set up with Home Office funding to tackle gangs using the railway network to transport drugs and cash from cities to rural towns, often using children and vulnerable adults to do so.

In three months, Taskforce officers targeting stations and routes used by gangs have seized large amounts of drugs, weapons and more than £26,000 in cash.

Weapons taken off the streets include a ninja star and a revolver.

The Task Force continues to work with police forces across the country, carrying out multiple operations a week at known hotspots.

Earlier this month, BTP secured further Home Office funding to expand the Taskforce and extend its work throughout the year and 2021.

The Task Force lead, Superintendent Gareth Williams, said: "The Taskforce continues to go from strength to strength, ensuring passengers travel in safety and that gangs know without doubt that the rail network is not a place to operate.

"We work very closely with police forces across England, Wales and Scotland, carrying out multiple operations every week, and will continue to do this throughout the year."

** **

**Editor 's note:**

The man arrested at King Cross station was charged with possessing cocaine with intent to supply and possessing heroin with intent to supply. Three mobile phones were also seized alongside the drugs.

Grant Reid, 39, from Nigg Kirk Road in Aberdeen, was remanded to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today 19/02.

Also involved in the London warrant were officers from the BTP Operational Support Unit and Special Constabulary.
