```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018 10:32
title: Man jailed for sexual exposure - Strood
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15731/man_jailed_for_sexual_exposure_-_strood
```

Jamie Lee Stevens

View | Download (JPG - 57 KB)

A 34-year-old man who committed an indecent act on a train has been jailed for 16 months.
Jamie Lee Stevens, of no fixed abode, was sentenced on Tuesday 26 June at Maidstone Crown Court after pleading guilty to exposure and two counts of outraging public decency.
The court heard how on Friday 18 August last year, Stevens sat opposite a young woman on a train from Strood station.
She later told police how he was 'looking her up and down' making her feel uncomfortable. Stevens continued to stare at the woman as he began touching himself inappropriately under the table.
The victim immediately moved to another carriage, fearful for her safety, and texted her boyfriend asking him to meet her off the train.
Investigating officer DC Martin Chapman said: "This was a sickening and terrifying experience for Stevens' victim who was minding her own business and using the rail network to get from A to B.
"She felt scared, intimidated, disgusted and horrified by Stevens' actions and couldn't believe that someone would think it was ok to behave like that. I would like to commend her for doing the right thing and reporting it to police.
"Stevens' disgusting behaviour is completely unacceptable and, as reflected by the sentence handed down, is taken seriously by the courts.
"Tackling all forms of unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport is a priority for us. British Transport Police take every report of unwanted sexual behaviour on the rail network seriously. I would urge anyone who has been a victim to report it to us so we can fully investigate."
