```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 02 Oct 2018 10:47
title: Increased policing across Merseyside rail network for Giants spectacular
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15924/increased_policing_across_merseyside_rail_network
```

BTP officers on patrol

View | Download (JPG - 279 KB)

As the Giants prepare to return to Liverpool and Wirral for the final time, British Transport Police is gearing up for the event to make sure visitors to the city can enjoy the performance in safety.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to head into the city over the four day event which runs from Thursday 4 to Sunday 7 11 October and extra police officers will be patrolling the Merseyside rail network as the event extends across to the Wirral for the first time.

Whether they are travelling to and from the Giants event or for other reasons, people are strongly advised to:
• Use public transport where possible to minimise congestion
• Check timetables - be prepared for some changes to services leading up to the event. Use journey planners.
• Leave plenty of time to get where you want to go as services may take longer than usual
• Be patient as services will be extremely busy, expect queues.
• Consider arriving early or later if you can to avoid peak times
• Consider delaying your journey home - services will be busy at the end of each day's events, so consider staying in town and travelling back later
• Consider buying your tickets in advance to avoid queues on the day

BTP silver commander for the event Chief Inspector Malcolm McKinnon said: "We are thrilled to be able to welcome the Giants to the region. Previous visits have demonstrated the enormous popularity of the event and our officers will be on hand across the rail network to help make sure you enjoy the event in safety.
"There will be a visible increase in the number of officers on the network to provide extra reassurance to visitors to the city and station and rail staff.

"This is very much a family event and something that will attract people of all ages. We ask that in order for everyone to enjoy the event, rail users are patient as services are expected to be busy throughout the event. Please be respectful of other passengers and rail staff who are doing their best to get you where you need to be safely. Any instances of anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated and will be tackled robustly.

"We have been working closely with partner agencies in the run up to the event and will continue to do so to ensure that any incidents are dealt with swiftly allowing fellow passengers to continue to enjoy the event and travel home safely.
"This promises to be a fantastic event and we want everyone to enjoy it. The rail network and stations will be very busy so passengers should make sure they keep an eye on their belongings and know to expect busy services and queues."

Mick Noone, Merseytravel's Director for Integrated Transport, said: "Demand on transport services will be high as this will be a very busy weekend for the City Region as we welcome back the Giants.

"At the same time, to facilitate the event we will see a number of diversions and disruptions to our road network. To enjoy the event to the fullest and avoid disappointment we strongly urge people to check information and plan their journeys, don't leave it until the last minute."

Visit the Merseytravel website www.merseytravel.gov.uk/giants for a summary of transport services and people should check direct with their transport operator for the most up to date information.
