```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2019 11:09
title: "Operation Farrier \u2013 do you know these people?"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16675/operation_farrier___do_you_know_these_people_
```

Be Aware graphic

View | Download (JPG - 63 KB)

Recognise any of these faces?

Each person is wanted in connection with an incident in which belongings were stolen from a passenger using the railway in London.

In one case, the suspect uses his foot to drag across the bag of an unsuspecting diner eating their lunch. In another, a passenger falls asleep on a bench and wakes up to find their wallet and phone missing.

This week, we're running Operation Farrier - tackling pickpocketing and theft in the city.

Around 100 officers will be out every day on trains and at stations, targeting would-be pickpockets, talking to passengers and arresting outstanding suspects.

So if you recognise any of the people in these images, please contact us by calling 0800 40 50 40 or texting 61016 with the reference number 146 of 13 August.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

_Details:_

 1. Bag stolen at Tottenham Court Road on 28 July
 2. Bag theft by man who got on and immediately off train at Kings Cross on 14 June
 3. Theft from Great Northern hotel on 29 June
 4. Bag stolen from person eating their lunch at Pret A Manger in Kings Cross on 20 July
 5. Bag stolen from sleeping passenger on tube between Liverpool Street and Shenfield on 27 June
 6. Wallet, phone and other items stolen from sleeping passenger at Holborn Underground station on 28 July

Visit btp.police.uk/theft for details on the tactics used by thieves and what to do if you find yourself the victim of theft.
