```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2019 06:52
title: Section 60 stop and search authorised across Notting Hill Carnival
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16710/section_60_stop_and_search_authorised_across_nott
```

Tube

View | Download (JPG - 225 KB)

Senior officers at British Transport Police (BTP) have today authorised the Force's use of Section 60 stop and search powers under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act.

The powers have been authorised at stations within the Notting Hill Carnival footprint in London and some specific transport routes serving the event.

The authority for Section 60 begins at 9am today (26/08), lasting until 1am tomorrow (27/08). It covers BTP jurisdiction and the 100 meter area surrounding those stations and lines.

Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith said: "We want everyone to have a safe and enjoyable time at Notting Hill Carnival, and passengers can expect to see a high visibility presence of additional officers today.

"The decision to implement Section 60 powers is never taken lightly but is done so, based on intelligence, to remove as many dangerous weapons as possible from the streets and prevent serious violence.

"We are committed to reducing violent crime and using every power available to us to do so. We are confident that this authority is justified and that it will make the network considerably safer for everyone throughout the rest of the Bank Holiday weekend."

"Our upmost priority is the safety of everyone and of course the public remain the eyes and ears of the rail network. We would encourage them to reach out if they see something that concerns them. You can contact us by discreetly sending a text message to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40."

As part of this authorisation, the Force has consulted with members of the Stop and Search Community Consultation Group and BTP's Stop and Search scrutiny group.
