```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 02 Aug 2018 09:09
title: Exciting new Police Cadet Scheme being launched in York
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15742/exciting_new_police_cadet_scheme_being_launched_i
```

Cadets on platform

View | Download (JPG - 49 KB)

A new scheme that encourages young people to make a difference and develop new skills at the same time is being launched in York

British Transport Police is launching a Volunteer Police Cadet Unit in York and is looking for new recruits.

Following the success of two similar schemes in London and Birmingham, the new scheme based in York promises to be bigger and better.

The scheme is aimed at young people aged between 13-18 and will involve learning about police work and the law whilst helping their local communities across the city. Awards and qualifications such as the Duke of Edinburgh Award, and opportunities to get involved in youth social action both on a national and international basis are also offered as part of the scheme.

The cadets will be trained by police officers, staff, and other volunteers, and will learn about the law, specialist police departments and much more. They will also take part in neighbourhood policing initiatives, plus community activities and events.

Inspector Richard Price said: "This is a great scheme for teenagers who are interested in being part of team, developing new skills, building communities and challenging themselves. It's also great if you are interested in becoming a police officer or member of police staff. But most of all it's about having fun. We can't wait to hear from you."

For more info on what we do follow us @BTPNorthYorks or British Transport Police - Yorkshire on Facebook.

For more info on being a cadet, questions and answers and how to join visit http://www.btp.police.uk/about_us/volunteering/cadets.aspx

** **
