```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018 14:55
title: "CCTV images released following attempted robbery \u2013 Tottenham"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15428/cctv_images_released_following_attempted_robbery_
```

Tottenham Hale: British Transport Police officers would like to speak to this person.

View | Download (JPG - 24 KB)

Do you recognise these people?

Detectives would like to speak to them in connection with an attempted robbery at Tottenham Hale Underground Station.

Just before 5pm on Sunday 1 April, the 17-year-old victim was walking up the escalators from the underground platforms when three people came up behind and pushed him. They then put their hands in his pockets in an attempt to rob him, and when he tried stopping them he was punched in the face.

Detective Sergeant Craig Howat said: "Luckily, he managed to get away from his attackers without anything being stolen. However, that does not detract from the fact this was an extremely frightening experience.

"As a result of this incident, the young victim suffers from blurred vision for which he is having ongoing treatment.

"It is vital that we trace those responsible and I would urge anyone with information to get in touch so we can stop this happening again."

Officers would now like to speak to the three people in these CCTV images, as they believe they may have information which could help the investigation.

If you recognise them, or have any information which could help the investigation, please contact BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40, quoting reference 470 of 24/04/2018. Alternatively, information can be given to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
