```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020 13:43
title: Appeal for help identifying man who sadly died - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17502/appeal_for_help_identifying_man_who_sadly_died_-_
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Officers from British Transport Police are today appealing for the public's help in identifying a man who sadly died on the railway close to Mortlake station.

On Monday 14 December shortly after 10am, officers were called to the line between Mortlake and North Sheen following reports of a casualty on the tracks. Paramedics also attended however the man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Officers are still working to establish the full circumstances behind the man's death. Despite a number of extensive enquiries, they've still been unable to identify him and inform his family.

The man is described as being black, between 20 and 40 years old, with black short hair and of a slim build and short height. He was wearing a distinctive green Superdry Polo Shirt with white trim on the arms and text reading "Suprd Used High Quality Motorcycle Parts." He was also wearing black trousers, a black leather belt and an orange and black watch. Distinctively, the man was not wearing socks or shoes.

Officers are appealing for anyone may be able to help identify the man, or believes they may have seen him in the area at the time, to come forward and assist their investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 140 of 14/12/20.
