```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2019 11:25
title: "Urgent appeal after man arrested following attempted rape \u2013 Tyseley, Birmingham"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16613/urgent_appeal_after_man_arrested_following_attemp
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Detectives from British Transport Police are urgently appealing for witnesses after arresting a man in connection to an attempted rape in Tyseley, Birmingham on Monday evening (22/07).

At approximately 11.10pm, a woman aged in her forties was sat on a bench near the ticket office, when she was approached by an unknown male at the station.

The male then exposed himself, dragged the woman and grabbed her around the neck.

Following a struggle, the man is believed to have run out of the station and in the direction of the B146 and Knights Road.

He was described as black, in his late teens, and of small height and slim build.

Following urgent enquiries by BTP, last night a 19-year-old man from Tyseley was arrested on suspicion of attempted rape and possession of a class B drug. He remains in police custody this morning (24/07).

DI Granville Sellers from British Transport Police, said: "This was an incredibly frightening experience for the victim, who very bravely yelled for help and managed to escape before coming to further harm.

"Thankfully, we were able to arrest a 19-year-old man last night in connection and we are now urging members of the public who may have seen anything untoward that night to come forward as soon as possible to help.

"In particular, I am looking to speak with anyone who was near to Tyseley station at approximately 11.10pm on Monday evening. If you saw or heard anything suspicious, please get in touch. Any information you might be able to provide could prove vital in our investigation.

"Violent assaults such as this are thankfully very rare, we will have a number of additional patrols in the Tyseley area to help reassure the public as they make their way home."

Information can be given to BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 718 of 22/07/2019. Or you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
