```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Jan 2020 10:11
title: "Further CCTV released following series of robberies \u2013 London"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17042/further_cctv_released_following_series_of_robberi
```

St Pancras - Image one

View | Download (JPG - 28 KB)

Detectives continuing to investigate a number of robberies across London are today appealing for the public's help in identifying the people in these CCTV images.

On 25 October at around 4pm, three women attempted to rob another woman at Turnpike Lane Underground station.

On 25 November shortly before midnight, a young man robbed a 44-year-old man of his camera bag on a Central Line train approaching Northolt Underground station.

On 6 December shortly before 3pm, two men robbed a man in his sixties at Covent Garden Underground station. They stole a new iPhone he'd bought earlier that day.

On 8 December at around 8.30pm, four women attempted to rob a 26-year-old woman at Elephant and Castle Underground station.

On 17 December a 16-year old boy was robbed of his bank cards and assaulted by two men at Bow Road Underground station.

On 31 December, at around 2pm, a 17-year-old boy was threatened with a knife and had his bag stolen by two young men at Ruislip Manor Underground station.

On 1 January, a 17-year-old boy was robbed of his AirPods and bag by three young men on a train to St Pancras.

On 1 January, at around 1.30am, three young men attempted to rob a 28-year-old man who was stood outside Queensbury Underground station.

On 2 January shortly after 7pm, a 14-year-old boy was robbed of his AirPods at Hatch End Overground station

On 7 January at around 8am, a 17-year-old boy was robbed of cash and a bank card on a Northern Line train to High Barnet.

On 11 January at around 6.15pm, a 13-year-old boy was robbed on the concourse of South Ruislip station. Five young men surrounded the victim and stole his iPhone.

**Detective Chief Inspector Sarah White from British Transport Police said** : "We are continuing to work tirelessly to tackle robberies across the rail network in London, and we've made great process since our last media appeal in November.

"I'd like to thank the public for their invaluable help, we received many positive lines of enquiry and were able to make a number of significant arrests as a result of information provided to us.

"However, the work doesn't stop there, and we are still seeing a number of robberies across the network.

"Typically, we are seeing things like phones, laptops and AirPod wireless earphones being targeted by groups of young people. They will usually approach people travelling on their own, but on occasion these incidents have taken place in crowded and busy environments.

"We have teams of specialist plain clothes officers operating across the network, who are working specifically to identify these sorts of offenders and deny them the opportunity to commit crime. Passengers can also expect to see our uniformed officers carrying out highly visible patrols in areas where we have seen in increase in robberies.

"It is important that passengers remain vigilant and ensure they're keeping their valuable items secure, particularly when using late night services.

"Thankfully we police a CCTV rich environment which has enabled us to quickly identify a number of suspects and bring them into custody, and I'd now like to appeal for your help in identifying the people in these photos.

"Crucially, the travelling public are our eyes and ears and I would also ask that anyone who notices anything suspicious or that doesn't feel right to trust their instincts and text us discreetly on 61016, or to call 999 in an emergency.

"If you recognise any of the people in the CCTV images please text 61016 or call 0800 40 50 40 quoting 143 of 27/01/19. Please also quote the station where the incident took place, and the corresponding image number."
