```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019 16:18
title: "Aggressive fare-dodger who assaulted Transport for Wales staff jailed \u2013 Wales"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16938/aggressive_fare-dodger_who_assaulted_transport_fo
```

Kaged

View | Download (JPG - 7 KB)

An aggressive man who assaulted two Transport for Wales staff has been sentenced, following British Transport Police investigation.

Stephen Kaged, 37, of Selkirk Road, Liverpool, pleaded guilty to two counts of assault at Newport Magistrates' Court on 19 November.

On 2 April 2019, Kaged was travelling on the 7.34pm Cardiff to Shrewsbury Transport for Wales service without a valid ticket. When challenged by the guard, Kaged, became verbally aggressive and followed the guard off the train at Church Stretton station and began to push and punch him.

The driver joined the guard on the platform and then both retreated to the drivers cab on the train to report the incident. Kaged continued the assault by throwing a beer can through the window of the cab, hitting the driver, before fleeing the station.

Following the incident, Kaged was identified by CCTV footage from the train and the station. After failing to appear at court, he was later found and sentenced.

He was handed a 22 weeks prison sentence and ordered to pay £75 to each of the victims and £115 to the victim services.

BTP Sergeant Emma Harper, said: "Staff have every right to go to work without fear of violence. This sort of behaviour is completely unacceptable, and we will investigate all offenders and bring them before the courts to answer to their actions.

"This sentence demonstrates that people will be punished for this type of behaviour - we hope this will give him the time to reflect on his actions and stop him from committing similar offences in the future."

Head of Security for Transport for Wales Simon Turton said: "Our on-train staff are there to keep our customers safe so should never be subjected to this kind of appalling behaviour whilst simply carrying out their duties.

"We worked closely with our British Transport Police partners to compile as much evidence as possible to ensure this investigation was brought to a successful conclusion and the person responsible duly punished.

"Fortunately, these types of incidents are few and far between on our services, however anyone with any concerns should either contact onboard staff or text the BTP on 61016."
