```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 08 Jun 2018 10:53
title: "Jail for Network Rail worker who stole \xA310k of cable from depot"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15549/jail_for_network_rail_worker_who_stole__10k_of_ca
```

Brendan Moloney

View | Download (JPG - 44 KB)

A Network Rail employee who stole more than £10k of copper cable from a Crewe rail depot has been jailed for one year following a British Transport Police investigation.

Brendan Moloney, aged 36, of Thornton Road, Manchester, pleaded guilty to theft from the Network Rail depot at Carillion Gresty Road, Crewe and was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment and ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge at Chester Crown Court on Thursday, 7 June.
At the time of the offence Moloney was an employee at the depot where the theft took place.

A second man, Anthony Patrick Lynch, aged 31, of Golborne Avenue, Stockport, also pleaded guilty and was handed a 12 month community order, 100 hours unpaid work, 35 days rehabilitation activity requirement and a £85 victim surcharge, for his part in the crime.

The court heard how on March 19 last year the pair drove to the depot in the early hours of the morning in a white van later identified as belonging to Moloney. Moloney gained access to the site office where he took keys to a works vehicle and picked up Lynch from the van which was parked up at the entrance to the site.
CCTV captured the pair driving the works vehicle to the goods store where a heavy drum of cable was lifted onto the vehicle.
The vehicle then disappeared for approximately two hours before it was returned to the depot at around 6am.
However, the pair were unaware that the vehicle had been fitted with a tracking device which led British Transport Police straight to Lynch's home address in Stockport. He was arrested on suspicion of theft of cable and theft of the Network Rail van.
Both men's mobile phone records also placed them at the depot at the time of the offence.

Investigating officer DC Paul Whittaker said: " This was a blatant theft particularly by Moloney who worked for the company at the targeted depot. He used his knowledge of the site to gain access and steal a drum of high value copper cable, which was driven to Lynch's home address. None of the copper was ever recovered and it is suspected it was broken down and sold as scrap metal.

"The sentence handed down demonstrates just how seriously the courts take such incidents of theft when they are committed by an employee. We hope that this will give both Moloney and Lynch time to reflect on what they did and deter them and others from committing similar offences in the future."

"British Transport Police is committed to tackling any form of theft and is working with Network Rail and other sectors of the rail industry to reduce opportunities for thieves to steal cable and to improve detection techniques to bring more offenders to justice."

Gemma Lavery, Network Rail's London North Western route crime manager said: "Cable theft is not a victimless crime - far from it. Train delays and cancellations directly affect people going about their daily lives, such as getting to and from work and visiting family.

"These sentences send a clear message to those seeking to profit from cable theft -they will be brought to justice. We will continue to work closely with British Transport Police to reduce this type of crime."
