```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021 13:19
title: Man jailed after being caught with a knife in his rucksack by plain clothed officers at Hackney Central station - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17553/man_jailed_after_being_caught_with_a_knife_in_his
```

Peter Anim custody image

View | Download (PNG - 511 KB)

A man has been jailed for six weeks after he was found to be carrying a knife in his rucksack at Hackney Central station, London.

Plain clothed British Transport Police officers, who were patrolling the network, spotted Peter Amin, 49, pass through the ticket barriers without paying.

He was arrested for fare evasion after he refused to engage with the officers, continually giving a false name - during a search they found the weapon in his rucksack.

The incident happened at 6pm on Wednesday 28 October 2020.

Amin failed to appear for his date in court, a warrant was issued, and he was arrested again at the start of December.

At that time, he was also in possession of a quantity of cannabis.

Amin, of City Road in Islington, London, was jailed on Wednesday 6 January.

He pleaded guilty to possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a class B drug.

Investigating officer, PC Adrian Young, part of the ARL Tasking Team said: "Our team operates across the whole of the London Overground, supporting our colleagues in the rail industry, and ensuring the railway continues to be a safe form of travel.

"We often deploy in plain clothes and we're watching for any criminal activity that impacts our jurisdiction"
