```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2018 15:10
title: Drug dealer jailed - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16011/drug_dealer_jailed_-_london_
```

Manikiza

View | Download (PNG - 307 KB)

A drug dealer who was found in possession of approximately £700 worth of drugs and an offensive weapon has been sentenced to 37 months in prison.

 Kyle Manikiza, 20, and of no fixed address, appeared before Blackfriars Crown Court on 26 October where he pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, possession with intent to supply a Class C drug, two counts of money laundering and possession of a bladed article.

He was sentenced to 37 months in prison.

The court heard that Manikiza was found with a bag containing £700 of Class A and B drugs plus £3,230 in cash when he was stopped and searched by plain clothes officers in Waterloo station in March 2018.

As officers went to remove the bag, which included 18 MDMA tablets, cocaine and 118 Etizolam tablets, Manikiza managed to make off from police.

After extensive enquiries he was arrested on 21 September, where he was also found in possession of a knife and a further £1,660 of cash.

DC Keef Cook said: ''We will not tolerate drugs or knives on the railway, the custodial sentence handed down by the court proves we will take offences seriously and bring the perpetrators to justice.

"The hard work of officers involved in this case has meant we were able to take a drug dealer, and their weapon, off the railway network and the streets.

"We are working tirelessly to stop criminals like Manikiza operating and I hope his sentence will act as a deterrent to those thinking of selling drugs or carrying knives."
