```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020 14:04
title: British Transport Police warn youngsters after spate of incidents - Barnsley
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17503/british_transport_police_warn_youngsters_after_sp
```

British Transport Police is issuing a stern warning to young people in the Elsecar area of Barnsley after a number of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage reports at the station.

Damage to railway property has run into thousands of pounds with the destruction of vending machines at the station and damage to a train windscreen after stones were thrown.

In addition to this, reports of trespass and near misses on the line have increased concerns for safety.

Officers have increased both high visibility and plain clothes patrols in the area and have spoken to groups but are now calling on parents to play their part in preventing further damage or serious injury.

PC Roy Pervical from the proactive team said: "Recent incidents of wanton destruction at Elsecar mean there is an urgent need for us to engage with young people in the area as well as alerting parents to be aware of where their children are and what they are doing.

"Apart from the cost of the damage, worrying reports of trespass mean it's vital we communicate the dangers of misusing the railway.

"Due to Covid-19 we've been unable to carry out our usual visits to schools so we're exploring new ways to deliver this message and working with our colleagues at South Yorkshire Police, the local authority and schools.

"The railway is not a playground. Every time someone strays onto the rail network they are putting themselves at risk of serious, life-threatening injury. Please, stay off the tracks."

Tony Baxter, Regional Director at Northern, said: "It is hard to comprehend that anyone would commit such mindless acts of vandalism. Sadly the damage these few people cause is all too real and impacts our customers whose journeys are disrupted as a result.

"We welcome the extra patrols from colleagues at British Transport Police and will continue to work in partnership with them to help bring those responsible to justice."

Image available on request
