```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020 16:21
title: CCTV images released following attempted armed robbery - Manchester
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17285/cctv_images_released_following_attempted_armed_ro
```

Manchester Victoria

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

Do you recognise these men?

Detectives investigating an attempted armed robbery in Manchester are today releasing these images in connection.

On 9 January at 8.50pm, the victim and her friend were chatting in the car park of Manchester Victoria station after having headed to their vehicles.

Two men approached them, holding a gun and demanding money.

One threatened to shoot them and demanded their cards and pin numbers.

The friends managed to enter the victim's car and lock themselves in, before sounding the horn repeatedly to try and alert passers-by.

The two men then ran from the scene, along with another man who CCTV enquiries revealed had been keeping watch close by.

Officers believe the men in the CCTV images may have information which could help their investigation.

**Detective Inspector Granville Sellers of BTP 's Major Serious and Organised Crime said: **"My team have conducted an extensive investigation into this concerning incident, with a lot of significant work having already taken place.

"We have now taken the decision to release these images to the public in the hope that they can assist us in identifying these men.

"If you recognise them or have any information please contact us by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 2000003561. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
