```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 04 Feb 2019 13:11
title: Masked teenager jailed for knife-point robbery in London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16260/masked_teenager_jailed_for_knife-point_robbery_in
```

Franka robbery mask

View | Download (PNG - 689 KB)

A teenager has been jailed after he was seen on CCTV pulling on a mask bearing the picture of a skull and then robbing two boys at knifepoint on board a train in London.

Tyron Franka, 18, said "you're getting ganked" then showed the victims the knife and told them to hand over their possessions in November last year.

He was jailed for five years at Croydon Crown Court on Monday 21 January for a series of offences where he had threatened and robbed passengers.

British Transport Police DS Joanna Montague, said: "Passengers, most of whom were young teenagers, were undoubtedly very intimidated by Franka's actions.

"His behaviour and his reckless decision to carry and threaten people with a knife are all reflected in the severity of his sentence.

"This case is an excellent example of the strength that CCTV plays in bringing offenders to justice.

"The vast majority of trains are equipped with cameras capable of showing good quality footage of offences, with suspects' faces and clothes clearly on show, as was the case here. Once Franka was named, located and arrested he had very little room for manoeuvre and had to plead guilty.

"Trains are a very safe method of travel with 19 crimes for every million journeys, and in incidents where a crime is committed officers have eyes on trains to help identify those responsible. Suffice to say, trains and stations are very hostile areas for criminals."

Franka, of Gomshall Gardens in Kenley, Croydon, was videoed on Sunday 28 October robbing a victim of an Armani bag between Purley Oaks and Kenley stations, he threatened to stab the victim but no knife was seen.

The next day he snatched a phone from a victim on board a train at Kenley station. When the victim asked for it back he is reported to have said "skidaddle before I get a knife out." Again, no knife was seen.

On Sunday 4 November he robbed the two boys at knifepoint while wearing the black mask with a skull printed on the front.

He was arrested the following Saturday. The stolen items, the kitchen knife and the black mask were found in his bedroom.

Franka and a second man, Darnell Clarke, were also linked to a robbery that happened in May last year.

The two teenagers intimidated a group of schoolboys to hand over their phones on board a train leaving East Croydon station. The two were found, chased and arrested near Clapham Junction station.

Clarke, 19, of London Road in Isleworth, pleaded guilty to robbery and was jailed for three years and eight months for the offence.

Franka pleaded guilty to four counts of robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.
