```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2019 10:30
title: Agressive drunk who assaulted and threatened TfL staff sentenced - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16699/agressive_drunk_who_assaulted_and_threatened_tfl_
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

An aggressive drunk who punched a member of TfL staff and threatened two others after defecating on the floor of an Underground station has been sentenced.

David Gorman, 66, and of Deanbrook Close, London, pleaded guilty to one count of racially aggravated assault and two counts of using threatening behaviour contrary to Section 4a of the Public Order Act, at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 1 August.

The Judge handed him an eight week prison sentence suspended for 18 months, and a three year Criminal Behaviour Order.

On 21st November at around 10.40pm, TfL staff at Finchley Central Underground station were alerted to a drunk male collapsed on board an incoming train.

Two members of staff met the train, one of them tried to wake Gorman and help him to his feet.

Gorman became verbally abusive and told the member of staff to "f*** off" while being escorted to the lift that leads to the exit of the station.

On meeting the lift at the top, staff found him asleep again on the floor and tried to wake him.

Gorman awoke and threw punches with both fists, hitting the victim in the face and launching a torrent of racist abuse including "You're a dead man [..] Go back to your own country" before then leaving the station.

Less than a month later on 8 December, police were called again to Finchley Central Underground station to reports of a man threatening staff after defecating on the toilet floor.

While advancing towards the two victims he told them "I'm going to do you", before being arrested by BTP officers. In his police interview, Gorman admitted staff may have been "shocked" by his behaviour.

**PC Vicky Brookes-Baker of the** **London Underground** **Staff Assaults unit said** : "Staff have every right to go to work without fear of violence, and in this case, aggressive physical assault.

"This sort of behaviour is completely unacceptable and we will investigate all offenders and bring them before the courts to answer to their actions, as Gorman has had to do."

**Siwan Hayward, Director of Compliance and Policing at TfL, said:** "Our staff work hard every day, helping our customers to get around London. They deserve to be treated with respect and to go about their day without any fear of violence or intimidation. Gorman's behaviour was violent and unacceptable and we hope this sentencing makes everyone aware that we will push for the strongest action for those who behave in a criminal and threatening manner."
