```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018 16:30
title: 'UPDATE: Investigation into three deaths at Loughborough Junction'
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15587/update__investigation_into_three_deaths_at_loughb
```

Update

View | Download (JPG - 13 KB)

Officers are continuing to investigate the deaths of three men at Loughborough Junction in London yesterday.

Over the last 24 hours, extensive enquiries have taken place to establish how and why the men came to be on the tracks, and how they died.

It is now believed the men were hit by an out of service passenger train shortly after 1am. That train has been identified and has been forensically examined.

Officers are also continuing to analyse CCTV footage from yesterday morning and talk to potential witnesses.

The three men who lost their lives have now been identified:

 * Alberto Fresneda Carrasco, aged 19, from Hampstead, London
 * Jack Gilbert, aged 23
 * Harrison Scott-Hood, aged 23, from Muswell Hill, London

Their families are being supported by specially trained officers.

Detective Superintendent Gary Richardson said: "We have a dedicated team working to establish how these young men came to be on the tracks in the early hours of yesterday morning.

"The initial evidence we have been able to gather indicates that the men may have been on the track for the purposes of spraying graffiti.

"We know the men were seen in the Brixton area of South London earlier on Sunday evening and we are working to trace their movements.

"I would continue to urge anyone with information to contact us as soon as they can - the best way is to call 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016, with reference 93 of 18 June.

"Our thoughts are with those affected families and we would like to remind people that they have expressed their wishes for privacy at this difficult time."
