```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018 13:29
title: Brothers sentenced for disorder at Accrington station
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15910/brothers_sentenced_for_disorder_at_accrington_sta
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

Three brothers who racially abused and threatened a police officer have been sentenced following a British Transport Police investigation.

Sohail Arif, aged 19, of Burnley Road, Accrington, Lancashire, pleaded guilty to causing harassment, alarm or distress, resisting a police officer, possession of cannabis and possession of a bladed article in a public place.
He was sentenced at Blackburn Magistrates' on 12 August to a four week prison sentence suspended for 12 months, a 26 hour attendance requirement and ordered to pay £115 in costs.

His brothers, Rohail, aged 20 and Wasim, aged 21, of the same address, both admitted using racially aggravated threatening or abusive words or disorderly behaviour and were each fined £90 at Chorley Magistrates' on 14 September. They were also each ordered to pay £105 costs and £75 compensation to the police officer.

The court heard how on 27 April this year officers were called to Accrington station following a report of disorder.
Sohail approached the attending officers smoking cannabis and challenged them to arrest him. He began goading the officers and was eventually arrested for a public order offence.
A group of Sohail's friends then surrounded the officers and grabbed Sohail, freeing him.
The incident was captured on body worn video and images of Sohail were circulated in an attempt to trace him.
On 8 May Sohail was spotted by officers again at Accrington station and was arrested. A search of Sohail found cannabis and a knife, which he claimed was for cutting fruit.

A number of Sohail's acquaintances once again surrounded the officers with Wasim and Rohail threatening one of the officers with violence, spitting and shouting obscenities and racist abuse at him.

Both quickly left the scene when more officers arrived but were later arrested at their home address.

BTP PCSO Dax Byrne-Turner said: "This blatant and arrogant disregard for the law resulted in the three brothers being brought before the courts. The railway is a place for everyone and anti social behaviour and disorder will simply not to be tolerated. Similarly anyone using drugs and carrying weapons on the railway will be dealt with robustly.
"The Arif brothers all eventually pleaded guilty to the offences and it is hoped they have learned that behaviour like this is absolutely not acceptable."
