```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 05 Dec 2018 15:03
title: Officers crack down on East Coast Main Line luggage thefts
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16106/officers_crack_down_on_east_coast_main_line_lugga
```

Leeds 6

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

Do you recognise any of these people?

Detectives from British Transport Police's (BTP) Operation Countryside would like to identify them in connection with a number of thefts across the East Coast Main Line this year.

The CCTV images relate to a number of offences:
• On 13 April, a woman stole a suitcase from an Edinburgh bound train, leaving the train at Darlington.
• On 16 April, a man and a woman stole a holdall from a train at York station.
• On 20 May, a man stole a suitcase containing a computer from a Virgin Train at Peterborough station.
• On 18 June, a man and a woman stole a woman's purse from Upper Crust cafe in Leeds Station.
• On 23 June, a man stole a person's luggage, worth approximately £400, on a train between Newcastle and Morpeth.
• On 24 June, a man stole a girl's phone at Leeds station
• On 30 August, a man and a woman stole a person's luggage between Peterborough and Newcastle
• On 2 November, a man stole a cabin bag from a train between Skipton and London King's Cross.

Operation Countryside is a cross border operation created to target offenders and reduce luggage and personal property thefts on the East Coast Mainline between London's Kings Cross and Edinburgh Waverley.

On 2 December officers began a week of action, during which you'll notice an increased police presence, both uniformed and plain clothes officers, on board trains and at stations across the line to deter and detect crime.

Inspector Graham Bridges said: "We know that opportunistic thieves are attracted to train services on the East Coast Mainline and we have launched this Operation to reduce thefts and bring offenders to justice.

"Thankfully we police a CCTV rich environment so we are able to quickly identify suspects and bring them before the courts.

"As part of this operation we're releasing a number of CCTV images in connection to recent offences. If you know anyone in these images please let us know by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting Operation Countryside."
