```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2018 11:08
title: Man sentenced for carrying knife - Lancaster
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15657/man_sentenced_for_carrying_knife_-_lancaster
```

The knife found on Mason-Kinvig

View | Download (JPG - 70 KB)

A 18-year-old man has received a 12 month community order after a drugs search at Lancaster station revealed he was carrying a knife.
Liam Mason-Kinvig, of Shaw Lane, Prescot, Knowsley was sentenced by Preston Magistrates on Thursday, 5 July, following a British Transport Police investigation.

On Friday, 8 December last year a member of the public tipped off a British Transport Police officer on board a train at Oxenholme station that a strong odour of cannabis was emanating from a passenger.
When Mason-Kinvig was approached by the officer he became evasive and unhelpful which raised the officer's suspicions that he was under the influence and may be carrying drugs.
During a stop and search at Lancaster station officers discovered a spliff, a grinder containing remnants of cannabis and a 3.5 inch kitchen knife concealed in the waistband of his trousers along with around £2,000 in cash.

Investigating officer DC Chris Biggs said: "What was initially a drugs search uncovered a potentially lethal weapon that Mason-Kinvig was concealing. Carrying knives in a public place is illegal and there can be no excuse for being in possession of such weapons. Mason-Kinvig offered no explanation as to why he was carrying the knife but it was seized and destroyed by police, taking another weapon off the railway network and the streets.
"We are working tirelessly to make the railway a hostile environment for criminals and to send a message that knife crime will not be tolerated. If you are ever suspicious of someone's behaviour on the rail network, please report it by sending us a text discreetly on 61016."

Mason-Kinvig was also sentenced to 160 hours unpaid work and 10 days rehabilitation. He must also pay a victim surcharge of £85 and courts costs of £85.
