```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018 11:23
title: "Man sustains electrical burns following fight \u2013 Blackfriars, London"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15582/man_sustains_electrical_burns_following_fight___b
```

Tube

View | Download (JPG - 225 KB)

Detectives from British Transport Police are appealing for fresh witnesses to get in touch following a violent fight.

The fight happened shortly after 3am on 2 June at Blackfriars station in London, the altercation was between two men and another man. During the fight, the man pulled a knife and chased the two other men along the platform.

Fearing for his life, one of the men then runs onto the tracks at Blackfriars, where he comes into contact with the electrical power line. This causes him to sustain serious electrical burns to his hands. He remains in hospital receiving specialist treatment.

The suspect is a black man, approximately 5ft 8ins tall and of medium build. He had a black afro hair and a scruffy beard. He was wearing black jogging bottoms and a top.

From viewing CCTV and speaking with witnesses, officers are conscious a number of individuals would have witnessed this altercation.

Therefore, anyone who was at Blackfriars station during the early hours of 2 June and witnessed this altercation is urged to get in touch. Likewise, if you know someone matching this description then please contact BTP.

You can pass information to BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 59 of 02/06/2018. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
