```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019 12:00
title: British Transport Police wins prestigious award for its support of military reservist employees
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16797/british_transport_police_wins_prestigious_award_f
```

ERS silver award

View | Download (PNG - 68 KB)

British Transport Police has been awarded a prestigious silver award by the Defence Employer Recognition Scheme for its ongoing support and commitment to Reservist workers.

In March BTP won the bronze award almost a year after signing the Armed Forces Covenant during a ceremony at The Honourable Artillery Company in London in April 2018.

The covenant reflects BTP's commitment to supporting all police staff and officers who are members of the Army, Navy, Marine or Air Force Reservists, ensuring that they are treated fairly during their BTP careers. In particular, the Force has been commended for our approach to allowing time off to Reservist to achieve their duties.

Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock said: "We are proud to support the military family within BTP and we recognise the incredible commitment of Reservists.
"The skills they gain from their military activity not only serve the public and protect the country but also benefit BTP in their day-to-day roles.
"We will continue to do all we can to develop our work and achieve the coveted gold award."

BTP has around 30 Reservists across the Force.

Commenting on the announcement of the 2019 Employer Recognition Scheme Silver awards, Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace said: "These awards recognise the outstanding support for our armed forces from employers across Britain and I would like to thank and congratulate each and every one.
"Regardless of size, location or sector, employing ex-forces personnel is good for business and this year we have doubled the number of awards in recognition of the fantastic support they give."

Minister for Defence People and Veterans Johnny Mercer said: "Veterans make a huge contribution to businesses across the country and it's fantastic to see a record breaking number of organisations recognised for their support.
"We're working closely with businesses to help them further understand the huge value that veterans, reservists and military spouses can bring to their organisation."
