```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 07 Mar 2019 15:23
title: Somerset officer awarded Chief Constable's Highest Commendation
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16323/somerset_officer_awarded_chief_constable_s_highes
```

PC Ian Taylor

View | Download (JPG - 134 KB)

A police officer from Taunton has been awarded the Chief Constable's Highest Commendation, after he bravely intervened when he saw a woman being stabbed and restrained the violent offender.

PC Ian Taylor was out on patrol at Taunton Station in July 2018 when he saw a 59-year-old woman violently attacking a 17-year-old woman.

He ran over to the scene alongside a member of the public, and the pair managed to restrain and disarm the woman who was wielding a knife around, as well as administer first aid to the victim.

During the struggle, PC Taylor sustained a stab injury to his thigh and he was taken to hospital.

The 17-year-old victim also sustained a stab injury which required surgery. Both thankfully made a full recovery.

The offender was sentenced to indefinite detention at a secure mental health hospital.

PC Taylor and the member of public were both awarded the Chief Constable's Commendation on Tuesday 19 February in recognition of the extreme bravery they showed in overpowering a dangerous offender and preventing further harm to the public.

PC Taylor said: "It really is a great honour to receive such a lovely commendation, for actions I still see as just doing my job. I would like to thank my colleagues for their support, and also the member of the public for his bravery and selflessness in assisting me in restraining the offender."
