```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020 13:23
title: Man sentenced for serious assault - Partick
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17373/man_sentenced_for_serious_assault__-_partick_
```

A man has been sentenced for a serious assault on a passenger who tried to stop him racially abusing a woman on a Glasgow train.

Scott Ramsey, 31, was sentenced to three years and 8 months imprisonment and made the subject of a 12 month supervision order after pleading guilty to assault to severe injury and permanent impairment and racially aggravated harassment at Glasgow Sheriff Court.

The court heard that Ramsey made a racially offensive remark to a 29-year-old woman as she boarded a train at Partick in May last year.

Ramsey continued to make racist remarks and threats to the woman until another passenger, a 50 year-old man, intervened telling him to stop.

Both men exchanged words and Ramsey struck at the man in a punching motion with a bottle he had been drinking from. The bottle connected with the man's mouth and jaw causing him to stumble backwards.

Ramsey then tried to leave the carriage and the pair grappled before ending up out on the train platform where members of the public separated them.

The 50-year-old man sustained significant dental damage.

British Transport Police Detective Constable Neil Adams said: "Racist and extremely violent behaviour will not be tolerated on Scotland's railways.

"I am glad that there is some justice for the victims and that this dangerous individual has been taken off the streets."

ENDS

Scott Hugh Ramsey (27/03/1989) pled guilty to two charges on Friday 21 August at Glasgow Sheriff Court

1 - ASSAULT TO SEVERE INJURY & PERMANENT IMPAIRMENT

2 - S50A(1)(B)&(5) of the CRIMINAL LAW (CONSOLIDATION) (SCOTLAND) ACT 1995

On 15 September Ramsey was sentenced to a total of three years and 8 months and made the subject of a 12 month supervised release order which will commence on his release from custody.
