```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 06 Dec 2018 16:16
title: "Gang pickpocket woman before stealing \xA33000 from her bank account - Birmingham"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16114/gang_pickpocket_woman_before_stealing__3000_from_
```

Birmingham

View | Download (PNG - 139 KB)

Do you know who these four men are?

Officers investigating a pick pocket incident at Birmingham International where a woman had over £3000 stolen from her bank account, would like to identify these men in connection.

Between 3.19pm and 3.34pm on 24 October, two men watched a woman entering her PIN number at the self-service ticket machine, while another man stood behind her and another kept lookout.

As she made her way to board the 3.19pm train to Birmingham New Street, they attempted to take her purse from her handbag but failed as it was just out of reach.

The four men then boarded the same train and as she arrived into New Street , one offered to carry her luggage. It is believed another then took the purse from her slightly open handbag as she was distracted.

One of the men immediately withdrew cash in Grand Central and proceeded to make purchases and withdrawals throughout the city.

Within an hour, the group had spent nearly £2000 and the total figure stands at £3122.

Officers believe that the four men shown in these CCTV images may have information which could help them investigate.

If you know who they are, contact BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 347 of 6 December.

Or you can ring Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
