```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 01 Dec 2020 13:59
title: "Football fans sentenced after fight at Clapham Junction railway station \u2013 London"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17485/football_fans_sentenced_after_fight_at_clapham_ju
```

Court Result

View | Download (PNG - 34 KB)

Three men have been sentenced following a football-related brawl at a busy South London station in March 2018.

Jack Jameson, Harry Grant and Keiran Stephens appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Monday 10 August where they pleaded guilty to affray.

All three men were sentenced by a judge at Inner London Crown Court on Thursday 26 November.

Jack Jameson, 25, and of English Road, Southampton, was sentenced to 10 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months. He will complete 150 hours of community work within 12 months and pay a victim surcharge of £140 and £85 in costs. Jameson was also issued with a five-year football banning order.

Harry Grant, 22, and of Warwick Road, Bournemouth, was sentenced to eight months imprisonment suspended for 12 months. He is also required to complete 120 hours of community work within 12 months and pay a £140 victim surcharge and £85 in costs.

Keiran Stephens, 24, and of Derryvode, Ireland, was also sentenced to eight months imprisonment suspended for 12 months. As Stephens resides in Ireland, he was also handed a prohibited activity requirement restricting him from entering the UK for more than seven consecutive days on a rolling four weekly period in the next 12 months. He is also required to pay a £750 fine, £140 victim surcharge and £85 in costs.

On Saturday 31 March 2018, Bournemouth AFC fans were travelling home following a football fixture against Watford FC at Vicarage Road Stadium, and Southampton fans were doing the same after a fixture against West Ham United FC at the London Stadium. Both sets of fans travelled through Clapham Junction railway station on their routes home.

As the Bournemouth fans left Clapham Junction station, they were heard chanting as they passed through the ticket barriers. While walking through the shopping complex attached to the station, Jameson, a Southampton FC fan, hurled abuse at the group holding a glass bottle. As the group of fans attempted to speak with Jameson, he lashed out, head butting one of them in the face.

Two members of the group, Grant and Stephens, retaliated to Jameson's behaviour and a fight ensued. During which, Jameson hit Stephens in the shoulder with the glass bottle he was holding, and Grant and Stephens repeatedly punched Jameson.

The fight continued into a Marks & Spencer's store before British Transport Police (BTP) officers dispersed the group. After the police intervention, Stephens continued to try and barge through officers to continue fighting with Jameson.

Jameson, Grant and Stephens were all then arrested on suspicion of affray.

Police Constable, Roisin Harris, said: "The actions of these three men show utter disregard for the rest of the travelling public, particularly families with children, as they incited violence within an extremely busy railway station.

"Football-related violence will not be tolerated anywhere across the network and I would like to thank the courts for convicting the three men. I hope it makes them think twice about engaging in violent behaviour in the future.

"If anyone ever experiences behaviour of this nature while travelling they can us text us discretely on 61016, or call 999 in an emergency."
