```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019 11:52
title: "Man caught stealing cable by rail enthusiasts sentenced \u2013 Cornwall"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16924/man_caught_stealing_cable_by_rail_enthusiasts_sen
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

A man who was caught red-handed stealing cable from the railway at Gwinear Road Level Crossing in Hayle has been sentenced, following a British Transport Police investigation.

Martin Dickson, aged 47, of Cardrew Close, Redruth, pleaded guilty to theft and trespass in Truro Crown Court and was sentenced to 100 hours community service on 7 November.

On 31 July, two rail enthusiasts were watching trains at the level crossing when they noticed a large vehicle parked nearby. The pair witnessed Dickson, along with another man, cross the tracks and take meters of cable back to the vehicle. Concerned, they photographed the vehicle and the two suspects and provided a description to the police.

Dickson was arrested at his home on suspicion of cable theft, and later trespass, on 3 August after reports he was stripping cable in his garden.

BTP Constable Gary Archer said: "Cable theft costs the railway thousands in loss, delays and damages and has the potential to endanger the lives of workers and passengers.

"We are committed to tackling all forms of theft and work closely with Network Rail and other industry partners to make the railway a difficult place for these criminals to operate.

"This result demonstrates that people will be punished for this type of crime - we hope this will give him the time to reflect on his actions and stop him from committing similar offences in the future.

"Thanks to the report from the members of public we were able to identify, arrest and charge the individual - if you see anything suspicious, please call us on 0800 40 50 40 or text us discreetly on 61016."
