```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2019 22:47
title: BTP operation during Notting Hill Carnival
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16711/btp_operation_during_notting_hill_carnival
```

Tube

View | Download (JPG - 225 KB)

This bank holiday weekend British Transport Police (BTP) implemented one of its largest policing operations as part of the Notting Hill Carnival in London.

Planning for the event has been underway for many months, and we have worked very closely with our partners including the Metropolitan Police and Transport for London to ensure the travelling public could have a safe and enjoyable time.

Our priority throughout has been to protect the public and deter violent crime, and to assist us in doing so a senior BTP officer authorised the use of Section 60 Stop and Search powers from 9am this morning (26/08) on specific stations, lines, and trains throughout London.

Section 60 gives police additional powers to Stop and Search people in areas where serious violence has taken place or may take place.

The order will remain in place until 1am tomorrow (27/08), but at the time of publication BTP officers have seized four knives.

As a result these have been prevented from being carried on the network and then potentially into the Carnival.

Alongside our high visibility presence of uniformed officers, our Project Servator officers also patrolled at stations within the Carnival footprint. They are specially trained in spotting those with criminal intent, and were able to identify those carrying drugs and weapons and make subsequent arrests.

During Notting Hill Carnival officers made the following number of arrests:

Sunday 25 August - 8

Monday 26 August - 22 at the time of writing

Carl Lee, 28, and of Falcon Avenue, Grays, has been charged with assaulting an emergency worker, being drunk and disorderly and possessing CS spray after he was stopped at Notting Hill Gate station on Sunday.

He has been remanded in custody until he appears at court tomorrow morning (27/08). The officer who was assaulted was taken to hospital to be checked over, and has returned to work today.

Tyreece Springer, 19, and of Manbrough Avenue, East Ham, has been charged with assaulting an emergency worker and obstructing a search at Stratford station this morning.

A 17-year-old man has also been charged with possession of a bladed article after he was stopped and searched in a separate incident at Stratford (26/08).

Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith said: "Our overriding priority over this weekend's Notting Hill Carnival has been to protect the travelling public and prevent serious violence.

"Authorising a Section 60 is never a decision that is taken lightly, but as a result of these powers four dangerous weapons have been removed from the network today.

"There is absolutely no excuse for anyone to be carrying an offensive weapon and thankfully, as a result of our officer's diligence, these offenders spent the day in police custody rather than at Carnival. I have no doubt the area was a much safer place as a result and I would like to assure everyone they will be dealt with robustly.

"I would like to thank not only our officers for their dedication and hard work throughout the weekend in such challenging temperatures, but also the many welcoming and supportive members of the public."

"Our Notting Hill Carnival operation is far from over and will continue long into the night, so passengers can expect to see a high visibility presence on their way home. I would ask anyone to report any concerns to us and text us on 61016 if you need us at all tonight."
