```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 22 Aug 2018 18:18
title: "We\u2019re ready to show our Pride this weekend \u2013 are you?"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15807/we_re_ready_to_show_our_pride_this_weekend___are_
```

Officers are ready to welcome thousands of visitors to Cardiff for this weekend's Pride Cymru.

View | Download (JPG - 2356 KB)

We're all set to join 40,000 revellers this August Bank Holiday as Pride Cymru's Big Weekend hits Cardiff.

Working hand in hand with event organisers and rail industry colleagues, we'll be out making sure visitors from across Wales and beyond can travel to the event on the railways in safety and without fear.

As well as having extra officers out and about mixing with revellers on trains and at stations, we will also be taking part in the parade through Cardiff city centre on Saturday alongside our friends from Network Rail and Arriva Trains Wales.

Inspector Beata Evans, who is in charge of neighbourhood policing in Wales, said: "Pride Cymru is always a huge event in the calendar for British Transport Police and we look forward to it every year.

"As usual, our officers will be on hand to welcome Pride-goers to the city, so please stop and say hello - and why not grab a selfie with us?

"We're also really excited to be taking part in the parade again this year, standing together with Pride-goers and our rail industry colleagues to reinforce our message that everyone has the right to travel safely and peacefully whatever their sexual orientation, gender identity, race, religion, disability or any other perceived difference.

"We'll be reinforcing this message throughout the weekend by raising awareness of our #WeStandTogether campaign - an initiative designed to stamp out hate crime and hate incidents on public transport - and will be handing out travel wallets that you can slip into your purse or pocket.

"If you see anything that concerns you while on a train or at a station, please report it to us. You can text us discreetly on 61016 - why not save it to your contacts list so you've always got it to hand?

"And don't forget, you don't have to be the victim of abuse to use it - if you see it happening to another person, we need to know about it so we can take action."
