```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 05 Jul 2018 08:45
title: British Transport Police all set to Sparkle at Manchester Piccadilly this weekend
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15634/british_transport_police_all_set_to_sparkle_at_ma
```

Sparkle 2018

View | Download (PNG - 368 KB)

We're all set to Sparkle this weekend as we proudly support the world's largest celebration of gender identity - right here in fabulous Manchester for the 12th year running.
For the past 10 years, British Transport Police has been working hand in hand with the Sparkle team to make sure visitors from across the globe can travel to the event on the railways in safety and without fear.
Every year we start planning our policing operation months in advance to make sure it meets the needs of the thousands of travelling public who head to Sparkle.
And this year is no different - we'll have extra police patrols at key city centre stations - look out for our stand at Manchester Piccadilly station where officers will be handing out useful information about our anti hate crime campaign #WeStandTogether and handy 61016 travel cards that you can slip into your purse or wallet.

Once again, this year we'll also have special Sparkle friendly late night trains run in partnership with Trans Pennine Express for those Sparklers who are heading back on the Leeds train. In addition to this we'll also have late night police patrols to and from Stockport on the Saturday night.

Chief Inspector Dave Rams who has organised this year's policing operation says: "Sparkle is always a huge event in the calendar for British Transport Police and we look forward to it every year. As usual officers will be on hand at Manchester Piccadilly station to welcome Sparkle goers to the city, so please stop and say hello and pick up one of our leaflets or cards.
"We'll also have extra police patrols on late night trains leaving the event just to give that extra bit of reassurance for the journey home. "We hope you have a wonderful time at Sparkle and enjoy the event at Sackville Gardens where we'll also have a stall with volunteers handing out information about how we are making the railway a safe place for everyone to travel."

Barry Boffy, diversity and inclusion manager at British Transport Police says: "We are so proud to support another Sparkle Weekend. You'll spot us not only at the station but also at the even itself in Sackville Gardens.
"We've plenty of info about our anti hate crime campaign and we'll also be handing out information about our text service 61016 which can be used to discreetly report something that concerns you while on a train or at a station. It's a good idea to try to memorise the number or even better, to put it in your mobile phone contacts list so you've always got it to hand. And you don't have to be the victim of abuse to use it - if you see it happening to another person we need to know about it so we can do something.
"We can't wait to Sparkle with you this weekend and celebrate another fantastic year!

Joanne Mason, Chair of Sparkle - The National Transgender Charity added: "Manchester Piccadilly station is the main gateway to the Sparkle Weekend for visitors from outside Greater Manchester and across the world, and we're grateful for the support of the British Transport Police - who have been on hand for the past 10 years to ensure the safety and security of everyone attending the world's largest free-to-attend celebration of gender expression,"

"We welcome extra police visibility at the station and on late night Trans Pennine Express services to Leeds and Stockport. We hope that measures like this give our visitors extra peace of mind when they are travelling to and from Manchester."

Watch our Sparkle video here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4Di2vjTomM&feature=youtu.be

The two Sparkle friendly services returning from Manchester Piccadilly to Leeds are-

• 2244 Man Pic to Leeds arriving at 2349
• 2326 Man Pic arriving Leeds at 0042
