```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2021 14:40
title: Urgent warning after drivers ignore signals at Harrogate level crossing
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17559/urgent_warning_after_drivers_ignore_signals_at_ha
```

British Transport Police is warning drivers of the consequences of misusing level crossings after 12 incidents were recorded at the same crossing in one month.

The signaller controlled crossing at Starbeck has recently seen drivers ignore warning signals to stop and wait as the barriers were lowering, despite the imminent danger.

On Friday, 8 January and Thursday, 14 January, drivers attempted to beat the safety barriers at Starbeck level crossing twice in one day.

British Transport Police has increased patrols at the crossing and is warning careless drivers of the consequences and dangers of misusing the crossing.

Inspector Andy Roberts said: "Level crossing safety procedures are there for a reason - by trying to beat the system you risk your own lives and potentially the lives of passengers and the driver of the oncoming train."

Officers are currently investigating each incident and warn drivers that misuse of a level crossing can result in points on their driving licence and a hefty fine.

Inspector Roberts added; "A fine and a few points on your licence is a lucky escape considering what the outcome can be if you dice with death on a level crossing. Have a little patience and wait until it's safe to cross, it really isn't worth risking your life in order to save a few minutes."

Darren Lord, Route Level Crossing Manager for Network Rail, said: "There is simply no excuse to ignore the warning signs, lights and barriers at level crossings. Doing so is incredibly selfish and puts other people's lives at risk, as well as your own.

"We're working closely with the British Transport Police to investigate these incidents and we encourage anyone to report any instances of misuse at a level crossing to them."

https://youtu.be/RiIcUtmyMV8
