```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019 09:38
title: Violent thug jailed after robbing woman's car - Manchester
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16591/violent_thug_jailed_after_robbing_woman_s_car_-_m
```

Jason Rae

View | Download (JPG - 34 KB)

An aggressive thug who violently dragged a 70-year-old woman from her car, stamped on her legs and then drove off in her Mini Cooper in broad daylight has today been sentenced to four years imprisonment.

Jason Rae, 49, and of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to robbery on 3rd May at Manchester Crown Court, following the shocking incident at Styal railway station in April this year.

He also pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving while disqualified, failing to stop and failing to provide a sample of breath.

On Tuesday 16th July the Judge sentenced him to four years imprisonment and a further four years on extended license. He has also been disqualified from driving for 44 months.

On 5th April at around midday, the victim was picking up her partner at Styal station when Rae approached the driver's window and asked her for the time.

As she looked around to check, Rae opened the door, grabbed her shoulders and shouted "get out the car you b****" while dragging her out of the vehicle.

He pulled the victim's ears as hard as he could before grabbing onto her hair and throwing her to the floor - pulling a chunk of hair from her head in the process and then stamping on her legs.

Rae then stole the victim's purse and drove off in her car.

In her Victim Impact Statement, the victim told of having sleepless nights since this horrifying attack. She said: "At the time I felt like I was fighting for my life."

At around 10am the next day, the stolen car was identified on ANPR by colleagues from Greater Manchester Police who attempted to stop Rae in Moston.

He refused to stop before crashing the stolen vehicle into another car - causing £21,000 of damage. He was quickly detained at the scene and arrested.

When asked what happened at Styal station in his police interview, Rae told officers to "f*** off" and refused to answer any further questions.

Detective Constable Matthew Morrison said: "This was a shocking and brazen incident in broad daylight which was understandably completely terrifying for the victim.

"Rae is clearly a dangerous individual and I hope the victim can take some small comfort in the fact he is now behind bars.

"I would also like to reassure the public that incidents like this are thankfully incredibly rare on the rail network, and that we will do everything we can to bring violent offenders before the courts."
