```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019 18:05
title: Murder investigation launched after stabbing - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16798/murder_investigation_launched_after_stabbing_-_lo
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Detectives at British Transport Police (BTP) have launched a murder investigation after a man was stabbed at Hillingdon London Underground station this afternoon (24/09).

Shortly before 4pm officers were called to Hillingdon station following a report of a serious assault on the platform.

Officers quickly attended alongside colleagues from the London Ambulance Service and air ambulance, and a man was found with a serious injury, consistent with being stabbed.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff he was very sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained family liaison officers.

The station remains closed this evening (24/09) while specialist officers conduct enquiries. Cordons are in place around the station and some Tube services are disrupted. No arrests have been made at present.

**Detective Superintendent Gary Richardson from British Transport Police said** : "This was a shocking act of violence which has seen a man tragically lose his life this afternoon.

"While we are at the early stages of our investigation, we believe a group of young men were involved in an altercation on the platform before one of the men received a fatal stab wound.

"We are doing all we can to find those responsible, and I would urge any witnesses or anyone who was in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious to contact us as soon as possible. Please text BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 382 of 24/09/19. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"This level of violence is not usual on the rail network, and we will be increasing our unfiromed patrols in the Hillingdon area in the coming days to help reassure the travelling public. "
