```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2018 09:34
title: Jail for man who assaulted woman at music concert
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16131/jail_for_man_who_assaulted_woman_at_music_concert_
```

Charlie Shuttleworth

View | Download (JPG - 42 KB)

A man who left his female victim covered in blood in a random attack at Manchester Arena has been jailed for seven months following a British Transport Police investigation.

Charlie George Shuttleworth, aged 19, of Sower Carr Lane, Poulton-le-Fylde, was sentenced to seven months in jail and seven months on licence for assault occasioning actual bodily harm at Manchester Crown Court on Wednesday 12 December.

The court heard how on 17 November last year, the victim was at the Royal Blood concert at Manchester Arena when she was punched in the face several times by Shuttleworth.

The pair had never met, and had no previous interaction on the night.

The victim suffered a deep laceration above her right eye and had to attend A&E for treatment where she spotted her attacker who was there to have his hand examined.

He was arrested by police at his hotel and immediately admitted the assault.

He claimed he was very drunk and had had his shirt ripped in the mosh pit so turned around and punched the person directly behind him.

Investigating officer DC Richard King said: "This was an horrific and completely unprovoked attack on an innocent young woman who was simply enjoying a music concert only for Shuttleworth to violently attack her.

"She was left covered in blood and had to be taken to hospital for treatment. Shuttleworth claims his actions were down to the amount of alcohol he had consumed that night - this is a stark reminder that we should all know our limits when drinking - those extra drinks have cost him seven months behind bars and a criminal record."
