```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2020 14:59
title: "Face coverings become mandatory on public transport from today \u2013 Wales"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17298/face_coverings_become_mandatory_on_public_transpo
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

Today (27 July), face coverings become mandatory on public transport in Wales under new Health Protection Regulations.

Officers will continue to support rail staff in engaging with passengers, explaining the importance of preventing the spread of the virus and encouraging people to wear face coverings.

However, as a very last resort, officers will now be able to issue fixed penalty notice fines for breaching the regulations.

Children under the age of 11 will be exempt, along with anyone who can't wear a face covering due to physical or mental illness, age or disability.

Welsh Government advises wearing a three-layer face covering while travelling - passengers are advised to check the government's full guidance on its website.

Superintendent Andrew Morgan said: "We are confident that those who need to use the railway will act responsibly and will want to play their part in helping to protect each other and comply with the requirement to wear face coverings.

"Since face coverings became mandatory on public transport in England and Scotland, the overwhelming majority of people have listened, complied, and continued to play an important role in protecting other passengers and rail staff - we have seen compliance levels of around 97 per cent.

"Our approach is always to begin by engaging with the public, explaining the new government policy and encouraging them to follow the new regulations for travelling on the railway.

"Only as an absolute last resort will we carry out enforcement in the form of fines. We are sure that the public will want to be responsible and do their part to protect others by wearing face coverings."

**Gorchuddion wyneb yn orfodol ar drafnidiaeth gyhoeddus o heddiw ymlaen - Cymru**

Heddiw (27 Gorffennaf), daw gorchuddion wyneb yn orfodol ar drafnidiaeth gyhoeddus yng Nghymru o dan Reoliadau Diogelwch Iechyd newydd.

Bydd swyddogion yn parhau i gefnogi staff rheilffyrdd i ymgysylltu a theithwyr, gan egluro pwysigrwydd atal y firws rhag lledaenu ac annog pobl i wisgo gorchuddion wyneb.

Fodd bynnag, fel y dewis olaf, bydd swyddogion nawr yn gallu rhoi dirwyon rhybudd cosb sefydlog am dorri'r rheoliadau.

Bydd plant yn llai na 11 oed wedi'u heithrio, ynghyd ag unrhyw un na allant wisgo gorchudd wyneb oherwydd salwch corfforol neu feddyliol, oedran neu anabledd.

Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn argymell gwisgo gorchudd wyneb tair haen wrth deithio, cynghorir teithwyr i wirio canllawiau llawn y llywodraeth ar eu gwefan.

Dywedodd Uwcharolygydd Andrew Morgan: "Rydym yn hyderus y bydd y rhai sydd angen defnyddio'r rheilffordd yn ymddwyn yn gyfrifol ac y byddant am chwarae eu rhan wrth helpu i amddiffyn ei gilydd a chydymffurfio a'r gofyniad i wisgo gorchuddion wyneb.

"Ers i orchuddion wyneb ddod yn orfodol ar drafnidiaeth gyhoeddus yn Lloegr a'r Alban, mae'r mwyafrif o bobl wedi gwrando, cydymffurfio, a pharhau i chwarae rhan bwysig wrth amddiffyn teithwyr eraill a staff rheilffyrdd - rydym wedi gweld lefelau cydymffurfio o dua 97 y cant.

"Ein dull bob amser yw dechrau trwy ymgysylltu a'r cyhoedd, egluro polisi newydd y llywodraeth a'u hannog i ddilyn y rheoliadau newydd ar gyfer teithio ar y rheilffordd.

"Dim ond fel dewis olaf y byddwn yn gorfodi ar ffurf dirwyon. Rydym yn sicr y bydd y cyhoedd eisiau bod yn gyfrifol a gwneud eu rhan i amddiffyn eraill trwy wisgo gorchuddion wyneb."
