```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 05 Nov 2018 16:02
title: Jail for man who threatened officer with secateurs - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16025/jail_for_man_who_threatened_officer_with_secateur
```

Karl Waller-Adams

View | Download (JPG - 117 KB)

A man who threatened a police officer while brandishing a pair of secateurs in Paddington Station has been locked up for six months.

Karl Waller-Adams, 31, and of no fixed address, appeared before Westminster Magistrates' Court on 29 October where he pleaded guilty to one count of possession of an offensive weapon and one count of using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour with intent to cause fear or violence.

He was sentenced to six months in prison and fined £250.

On 26 October at around 10.30pm, BTP officers were called to a platform at Paddington station after staff raised concerns regarding Waller-Adams behaviour.

When the officer arrived, Waller-Adams threatened to attack him while holding a pair of secateurs in his hand.

A taster was drawn, and Waller-Adams dropped his secateurs and the two glass bottles of alcohol he was carrying.

He became agitated and aggressive when police moved towards him, but officers managed to restrain and arrest him under section 4 of the Public Order Act and possession of a bladed article.

PC Dave McNelis said: "I hope this custodial sentence serves as a reminder that threats to officers will not be tolerated. By his own admission, Waller-Adams planned to harm a PCSO with the weapon he carried, and I am pleased we were able to bring him to justice.

"I am particularly proud of our PCSO's who kept the situation under control while waiting for suitably equipped officers to arrive, and made sure it was resolved as safely and calmly as possible."
