```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2019 15:10
title: "Three thieves jailed for stealing \xA312,000 worth of cable from the railway \u2013 Bristol"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16899/three_thieves_jailed_for_stealing__12_000_worth_o
```

L-R: Christopher Nugent, Michael Nugent, Martin Ward

View | Download (PNG - 174 KB)

A group of three men who stole more than £12,000 of cable from the railway in Charfield have been jailed, following a British Transport Police investigation.

The three pleaded guilty to theft in Bristol Crown Court on Friday 1 November.

Christopher Nugent, aged 23, of Clapton Walk, Bristol, was sentenced to 16 months imprisonment and ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge.

His twin brother, Michael Nugent, 23, of Atwood Drive, Bristol, was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment.

A third man, Martin Ward, 24, of Long Cross, Bristol, was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment and ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge.

The court heard how the group were involved in a series of incidents of cable theft on the railway line in Charfield in August 2017.

After noticing damage and a loss of cable on the railway line on 28 August 2017, a member of Network Rail staff installed motion censored camera equipment to monitor the area, alerting BTP when anyone accessed the line at this location.

After receiving an alert from the device on 30 August, officers quickly responded and located the Nugent brothers at the scene. A vehicle, registered to Ward, was also found near the railway line. The three were arrested on suspicion of theft.

Mobile phone records placed the three at the location at the estimated time of the incidents and forensics linked the vehicle owned by Ward, used to transport the stolen cable, to the Nugent brothers.

Detective Constable Dan Murdoch said: "This was a determined theft which cost the railway an estimated £12,700 in loss, delays and damages and also had the potential to endanger the lives of workers and passengers.

"These sentences demonstrate just how seriously the courts take such incidents of theft, and we hope this will give the individuals involved time to reflect on their actions and stop them from committing similar offences in the future.

"We are committed to tackling all forms of theft and work closely with Network Rail and other industry partners to make the railway a difficult place for these criminals to operate.

Mike Gallop, route director, Network Rail Western said: "We welcome the decision to jail the three males who stole thousands of pounds worth of cable from the railway in Bristol.

"Cable theft results in significant delays and cancellations across the network and these penalties show just how seriously the rail industry and the British Transport Police take this crime.

"Any attempt to steal cable from the railway is not only a criminal offence but is also incredibly dangerous. Anyone trespassing on the railway risks serious injury - or worse.

"We want everyone home safe every day and we continually look for ways to protect the network from thieves, working with British Transport Police to prosecute anyone caught carrying out metal thefts."
