```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019 10:42
title: CCTV images released following series of robberies - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16911/cctv_images_released_following_series_of_robberie
```

Upminster - 7 November

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

Detectives investigating a number of robberies across London are today appealing for the public's help in identifying the people in these CCTV images.

On 6th October, two men approached a 21-year-old victim on the London Overground at around 11.30am. They demanded his phone and Oyster card before punching him in the face and leaving the train at White Hart Lane.

On 26th October at around 6pm, a 25-year-old man was travelling on a south bound Victoria Line service from Finsbury Park to Highbury and Islington when a group of young men threatened to stab him before taking his phone, headphones, and watch.

On 29th October, a 20-year-old woman was sat on the tube at Lancaster Gate station when she had her phone snatched from her hands by a young man.

On 5th November, a 20-year-old man was approached from behind by a group of young men on the Central Line platform at Tottenham Court Road around 8pm. They stole his Airpods and tried to steal his jacket and bag at around 8pm.

On 6th November, three young men got on a train at Southbury at around 12.40pm. One sat next to the victim, a 22-year-old man and grabbed his phone, threatening that they had something in their pockets, and then left the train at White Hart Lane.

On 6th November at around 8pm, a 20-year-old man was changing lines in Euston Underground station when a group on men took his Airpods, pinned him against the wall and searched his pockets before punching him in the chest.

On 7th November a group of young men attempted to rob two 16-year-old boys at knifepoint on a c2c train from Chafford Hundred and Upminster station at around 8.30pm. Thankfully, in this case nothing was stolen.

On 9th November a 16-year-old boy was robbed at Seven Sisters Underground station around 4pm. Three young men showed him a knife and took his mobile phone and money.

**Detective Chief Inspector Sarah White from British Transport Police said** : "Recently we have seen a concerning amount of robberies across the rail network in London, and we are working tirelessly to catch those responsible.

"We have specialist plain clothes officers operating across the network, and passengers can also expect to see highly visible reassurance patrols across key routes and areas.

"However, I would still like to remind everyone of the need to be aware of their surroundings when travelling, particularly in the evenings, and of being discreet and secure when carrying their property where possible.

"Typically, we are seeing things like phones, laptops and Airpod earphones being targeted by groups of young men. They will usually approach people travelling on their own, but many of these incidents have still taken place in crowded and busy areas.

"Thankfully we police a CCTV rich environment which has enabled us to quickly identify a number of suspects and bring them into custody, and I'd now like to appeal for your help in identifying the men in these photos.

"Crucially, the travelling public are our eyes and ears and I would also ask that anyone who notices anything suspicious or that doesn't feel right to trust their instincts and text us discreetly on 61016, or to call 999 in an emergency.

"If you recognise any of the men in the CCTV images please text 61016 or call 0800 40 50 40 quoting 334 of 14/11/19."
