```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021 11:03
title: Operation Steed - proactive patrols in East London to support TfL frontline staff
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17573/operation_steed_-_proactive_patrols_in_east_londo
```

Operation Steed in East London

View | Download (JPG - 96 KB)

Since the start of the year, British Transport Police has been carrying out patrols across East London to prevent crime and further support London Underground staff.

The activity, codenamed Operation Steed, includes high visibility and plain clothed patrols, knife arches, and deployment of other specialist teams within BTP.

The aim is to reassure staff and the public, further increase confidence in the safety of the rail network across London, and crime prevention.

PS Sadiq Ali, who leads one of BTPs Neighbourhood Policing Teams, said: "Proactive operations have always been an effective tool in helping to keep the railway safe.

"The operations limit disruption, tackle anti-social behaviour towards rail staff, catch wanted criminals and keep journeys safe and peaceful.

"This increased activity boosts the support we provide to our colleagues in Transport for London, helping them to work without interruption and keep London moving safely.

"We're providing more proactive patrols with uniformed and plain clothed officers, ensuring members of the public and staff can be aware of, and confident in, how safe the rail network is."

Since Saturday 9 January 2021, BTP officers have conducted increased patrols across West Ham, East Ham and Upton Park stations.

Officers engaged with passengers on the need to wear face coverings and tackled anti-social behaviour.

There were also 13 arrests for a range of offences.

One man was stopped on Monday 18 January for not wearing a face covering within Upton Park station.

Following a discussion with officers, he was searched and found to be carrying 10 bags of what was suspected to be cannabis - he was arrested under suspicion of possessing cannabis with intent to supply.

Beyond patrols, officers will also be providing rail staff with conflict awareness sessions and providing crime prevention roadshows and seminars.

They are also working alongside local councils to further tackle anti-social behaviour at stations.

Siwan Hayward, Director of Compliance, Policing Operations and Security at TfL, said: "London's transport network is a safe, low crime environment and we, with our police partners, are determined to keep it that way.

"Proactive operations like this one help to deter and detect any criminal activity on our network and reassure our staff and customers that need to travel."
