```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020 16:06
title: Three people have sadly died following train derailment - Scotland
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17325/three_people_have_sadly_died_following_train_dera
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

**UPDATE at 20.25: A second person who sadly died is believed to have been a train conductor. Formal identification has not yet taken place, but their family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers.**

British Transport Police (BTP) were called to the line in Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire at 09.43am this morning (12 August) following a report that a train travelling from Aberdeen to Glasgow Queen Street had derailed.

Officers remain on scene this afternoon alongside the ambulance service, fire brigade and colleagues from Police Scotland.

Very sadly despite the best efforts of paramedics, we can confirm that three people have been pronounced dead at the scene.

While formal identification is yet to take place, the driver of the train is very sadly believed to have died. His family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained family liaison officers.

Officers are continuing to work to inform the families of the other two people who sadly died. Anyone concerned about friends or family can contact our casualty bureau number on 0141 775 5122.

Six people have been taken to hospital to be treated for injuries, which thankfully are not believed to be serious.

**Chief Superintendent Eddie Wylie said:** "This is a tragic incident and first and foremost our thoughts are with the families and friends of those who have very sadly died this morning.

"We remain on scene alongside our emergency service colleagues, and a major incident operation has been underway. I would like to reassure the public that this was not a busy service, and from CCTV enquiries and witness statements we believe all passengers have been accounted for. However, once the area has been made safe then a full and thorough search will be conducted, which is likely to take some time.

"I know many people will understandably have questions, and the investigation will be directed by the COPFS. We will be working closely with them, alongside the Rail Accident Investigation Branch and the Office of Rail and Road to establish the full circumstances of how the train came to derail." "
