```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019 11:10
title: Witness appeal after man stabbed on board train - Glasgow
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16469/witness_appeal_after_man_stabbed_on_board_train_-
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed on board a train from Glasgow Central to Partick.

On 11th May at approximately 8pm, the victim and two friends got into an argument with a man while waiting for the train at Glasgow Central.

They boarded the train and both parties had a physical altercation which resulted in the man pulling a hunting knife from his bag and brandishing it repeatedly at the victim.

The victim, a 20-year-old man, was stabbed in the chest and later attended hospital for treatment. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

The suspect is believed to be in his late teens, with mousey long hair with a fringe. He was wearing a khaki jacket and trousers and carrying a distinctive camouflage rucksack.

There have been no arrests at this stage.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was at Glasgow Central when the argument started, or witnessed what happened on board the train. In particular, they would like to speak to a woman who alerted the driver and to a man who returned property back to the suspect.

If this is you, or you have any information, please contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 1900039847.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
