```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2020 09:34
title: E-fit picture released in connection to serious assault - St Mary's Cray
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17142/e-fit_picture_released_in_connection_to_serious_a
```

Do you recognise this man?

View | Download (JPG - 29 KB)

Detectives continuing to investigate a serious assault at St Mary Cray station, Bromley, are today releasing an e-fit picture in connection.

At around 11.05am on Tuesday 26 November, the victim, a 50-year-old man, was punched by another man on the ramp going into the station.

This caused him to fall unconscious and he was taken to hospital by ambulance, where he remained until 12 February before being discharged.

On 15 February, the victim very sadly died at his home. A post-mortem examination revealed he died of head and neck injuries, believed to have been sustained from a fall at his home.

Detectives are continuing to try and trace an individual in connection with the assault in November. He is described as a black man, of athletic build, and around 6ft tall.

He was wearing a long black raincoat which had the hood up and tight grey trousers or jeans. He was also wearing white Nike trainers with a white tick.

Officers are now appealing to anyone in the local area who may recognise the man in the e-fit picture to get in touch with them as soon as possible.

Anyone with information is asked to contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 204 of 26/11/19.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
