```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2019 16:14
title: Child dies after being seriously injured on public footpath over railway - Glasgow
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16709/child_dies_after_being_seriously_injured_on_publi
```

Update

View | Download (JPG - 13 KB)

A 12-year-old boy has very sadly died after he was seriously injured on a footpath over the railway in Glasgow on 18th August.

Shortly before 6.30pm on 18 August, officers from British Transport Police were called to the area close to Ashgill Road, following a report of a child coming into contact with the overhead powerhead lines.

Paramedics from the Scottish Ambulance Service also attended and the child was taken to hospital in a critical condition.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, he very sadly passed away last night (24/08).

**Inspector Alasdair McWhirter from British Transport Police**, said: "This is a truly tragic incident, and our thoughts and deepest condolences are with the boy's family and friends.

"We have specially trained officers supporting his family during this incredibly difficult time and I would ask that their privacy is please respected while they come to terms with their loss.

"We have no reason to believe there were any suspicious circumstances to this incident and we will be preparing a report for the Procurator Fiscal."

Any witnesses who haven't already spoken to police can contact BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 384 of 18/08.

The family will not be releasing a tribute or any further information.
