```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2019 16:25
title: Remorseless sex offender jailed - London
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/16801/remorseless_sex_offender_jailed_-_london_
```

Pawlica

View | Download (JPG - 96 KB)

A remorseless sex offender who assaulted a woman on board a rush hour train after drinking half a litre of vodka, has been jailed.

Leon Pawlica, 59, and of no fixed address, was found guilty of sexual assault at City of London Magistrates' Court.

The Judge sentenced him to 20 weeks in prison on 25 September. He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for seven years, pay £775 in CPS costs, and handed a seven year Sexual Harm Prevention Order which prevents him from carrying opened alcohol and sitting next to or opposite a lone female on public transport.

On 22 May 2019 shortly after 8.30am, a drunk Pawlica got on a train from London Victoria to West Croydon and approached the victim, trying to engage her in conversation.

Feeling uncomfortable, the victim moved away, and Pawlica attempted to speak to another woman on the train.

When the train stopped at Crystal Palace and the victim got up to leave, Pawlica lifted her skirt and sexually assaulted her. She challenged him and he followed her off the train and through the station.

The victim asked station staff for help who called the police, he was arrested nearby following a search of the area.

In his police interview, remorseless Pawlica firstly claimed he was too drunk to remember the incident before accusing the victim of "sexually provoking it herself…because her legs were open."

Detective Sergeant Dan Holmes of BTP's Sexual Offences Unit said: "Thankfully we police a CCTV rich environment and this blatant sexual assault was captured entirely on camera.

"Pawlica knew he had no defence but his attempt to blame the completely innocent victim, who was left understandably distressed by the incident, is utterly reprehensible.

"It's no surprise the court saw straight through this and I am pleased to see Pawlica handed a custodial sentence.

"I hope it serves as a strong reminder that sexual offenders absolutely won't be tolerated on the railway."
