```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020 13:33
title: Witness appeal following rape on train between Bristol and Swindon
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17508/witness_appeal_following_rape_on_train_between_br
```

Appeal

View | Download (JPG - 14 KB)

Detectives investigating a report of rape on a train between Bristol Temple Meads and Swindon stations are today appealing for witnesses.

On Tuesday 8 December, officers received a report of a rape which is believed to have taken place between 5.45pm and 5.55pm in the train toilet.

It is reported a man and woman boarded a train at Bristol Temple Meads at 5.18pm and sat in a carriage in the middle of the train. The incident is believed to have taken place in the toilet before they alighted the service at Swindon shortly after.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, is being supported by specially trained officers.

A man in his 20s has been arrested and released on bail while enquiries continue.

British Transport Police Detective Inspector Paul Stanley said: "I'd like to appeal to anyone who may have been in the carriage at the time of the incident, or witnessed an interaction between a man and woman, to get in touch with us as soon as possible.

"You can do so by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 401 of 08/12/20. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"Finally, I'd like to remind the public that incidents like this are thankfully very rare, and we will continue to conduct a number of additional patrols in the area to help reassure passengers."
