```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 08 Aug 2018 09:54
title: "Man jailed for outraging public decency \u2013 Clapham and London Bridge"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15758/man_jailed_for_outraging_public_decency___clapham
```

Wayne Randolfi

View | Download (JPG - 67 KB)

A 29-year-old man who indecently touched himself in front of three women on two separate occasions has been jailed for nine months following a British Transport Police investigation.
Wayne Randolfi, of Newby Street, London, admitted two counts of outraging public decency at Blackfriars Crown Court and was sentenced on Monday, 6 August.
The court heard how on 30 November last year, Randolfi was seen to drop his trousers and expose himself before touching himself by a woman as she waited on the opposite platform at Clapham High Street station.
Less than a month later on 7 December, a woman and her friend boarded a train at London Bridge station and took a seat in the carriage. Randolfi approached them and sat diagonally opposite - he then began touching himself in full sight.

Both women reported Randolfi and provided descriptions. He was identified from CCTV by British Transport Police and arrested.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Andrew Parkinson said: "I would like to thank the two women who reported these incidents and supported the prosecution process which enabled Police to bring Randolfi to justice."
"Both were sickened by his actions and made to feel scared and vulnerable.
"By reporting these incidents in a timely manner the women enabled police to gather the supporting CCTV evidence and identify Randolfi.
"His sentence should send out a strong deterrent that such behaviour will not be tolerated on the public transport network and shows the importance of members of the public reporting such incidents.
"Tackling all forms of unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport is a priority for us. British Transport Police take every report of unwanted sexual behaviour on the rail network seriously. I would urge anyone who has been a victim to report it to us so we can fully investigate."
