```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2018 10:38
title: Jail for man who subjected traumatised victim to sexually explicit comments - York
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15297/jail_for_man_who_subjected_traumatised_victim_to_
```

Court Result

View | Download (PNG - 34 KB)

A man who subjected a 21-year-old woman, who was travelling alone to lewd and sexually explicit comments, has been jailed for 20 weeks.

David Karl Hampton, 52 was sentenced at York Magistrates Court on Friday 23 March after pleading guilty to Section 4 A of the Public Order Act.

The victim, from Scarborough, has entered York station just after 3.15pm on 29 December last year, when she noticed Hampton, of Boroughbridge Avenue in York, staring at her.

Hampton walked up behind and standing close to her he quietly spoke sexually explicit and lewd comments in her ear before walking away.

PC Nick Storey said, "In her own word's the victim 'freaked out' and was extremely distressed and traumatised by the incident. After initially seeking advice from officers, she bravely decided to report the incident to us. After reviewing CCTV, Hampton, who has previous convictions for sexual offences, was identified, arrested and charged to court.

"No one should ever be subjected to this type of behaviour at stations or on trains and we would encourage victims to report offences to us.

"No incident or detail is too small or trivial. What has happened is not your fault. We will always take you seriously and treat you with respect.

"If you experience unwanted sexual behaviour of any type, we want you to report it. We will do everything we can to bring the offender to justice."

Find out more Report It to Stop It campaign
