```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020 13:42
title: "Man sentenced for sexual offence against teenage girl on train \u2013 Cardiff"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17217/man_sentenced_for_sexual_offence_against_teenage_
```

A man who sexually assaulted a college student on board a train has been sentenced, following a British Transport Police investigation.

Faisal Mohamed, 32, and of Redlaver street in Grangetown, was found guilty of sexual assault by touching at Cardiff Magistrates' Court on 13 May.

He was handed a four-month sentence, suspended for two years. Mohamed must also participate in a rehabilitation programme, complete 100 hours unpaid work, pay a total of £213 in compensation and is required to register with the police in accordance with the Sexual Offences Act for seven years.

On 2 December at around 7.20am, the victim boarded a service from Pye Corner railway station on her way to college. The court heard how Mohamed, who was sat opposite the victim, attempted to speak to her and began making inappropriate comments towards her. He then went on to touch her inappropriately, stroking her hair and hands in a sexual manner.

The victim was visibly uncomfortable and a member of the public intervened, but Mohamed continued and tried to grab the victim.

Following a media appeal with a CCTV image, Mohamed identified himself to officers.

BTP Constable Liam Perry said: "Tackling all forms of unwanted sexual behaviour on the railway is a priority for us - we take every report seriously and will thoroughly investigate all offences.

"Thankfully we police a CCTV rich environment and this offence was captured on camera. I hope this serves as a strong reminder that sexual offenders will not be tolerated on the railway.

"I would like to commend the bravery of the victim and the support of her family in reporting the incident to police, and I hope that this conviction will encourage other victims of sexual offences to come forward and report incidents to us.

"We encourage anyone who experiences any issues on the railway to report it to us using our discreet 61016 text service."
