```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 01 Dec 2020 11:03
title: Investigation launched following death of railway worker - Eastleigh
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17483/investigation_launched_following_death_of_railway
```

Statement

View | Download (PNG - 28 KB)

**Update on 2 December: **While he's not been formally identified yet, officers believe the man who sadly died is Kevin Mauger, 53, from Eastleigh. Please respect his family's privacy during this incredibly difficult time.

Detectives at British Transport Police have launched an investigation into the death of a railway worker in Eastleigh yesterday (30 November).

Officers were called to Eastleigh Railway Depot at 2.50pm following reports that a railway worker had become injured while using a piece of machinery.

Paramedics also attended however sadly despite their best efforts, a 53-year-old man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family have been informed.

A man in his forties was arrested in connection to the incident at the scene and was taken to police custody for questioning. He has now been released under investigation.

Officers are currently working alongside the Health and Safety Executive to establish the full circumstances behind the railway worker's death.

**Detective Chief Inspector Paul Langley said:** "This is a tragic incident and our deepest condolences are with the man's family who are being supported by specially trained officers.

"A full and thorough investigation into the incident is now underway, alongside the Health and Safety Executive, to establish exactly what happened to lead to this railway worker's sad death.

"I would like to appeal to anyone who thinks they may have useful information to get in touch with us by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 229 of 30 November."
