```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020 16:10
title: "Serial spray painter sentenced after causing \xA34,000 of damage to trains \u2013 Wales"
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17226/serial_spray_painter_sentenced_after_causing__4_0
```

Court Result

View | Download (JPG - 18 KB)

A man who caused over £4,000 of damage after a graffiti spree at Rhymney railway station has been sentenced, following a British Transport Police investigation.

Don Midasoni, 32, and of Hartcliffe Way in Bristol, was involved in two incidents on 22 February and 11 March 2018, where he targeted train carriages at Rhymney railway station depot.

Midasoni was arrested on 24 April 2018 on suspicion of criminal damage. Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology and cell site data linked his mobile phone and vehicle to the area on the date of the incidents.

After seizing items from his property, numerous photographs and videos were found of graffiti offences taking place at Rhymney depot.

Midasoni pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal damage and was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on Friday 22 May.

He was handed a nine-month sentence, suspended for a year, ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work, and to complete up to six days of a rehabilitation activity. Midasoni must also pay £4,216.17 in compensation to Arriva Trains Wales and £140 in victim surcharge.

**Investigating officer PC Ashley Wilkins said:** "Graffiti is not a victimless crime - it is in fact vandalism, which has huge financial implications for the rail industry and the trains people travel on.

"Midasoni is a prolific offender who caused extensive damage. I hope this sentence sends a clear warning that this type of behaviour will not be tolerated on the railway, and these offenders will be brought before the courts."
