```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 06 Jul 2018 11:14
title: HMIC report into BTP's effectiveness
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/15639/hmic_report_into_btp_s_effectiveness
```

Tube

View | Download (JPG - 225 KB)

BTP's effective approach to preventing crime and the way we work to protect vulnerable people have been praised by an independent review into the Force's effectiveness.

The inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) took place between 4 and 15 December 2017.

Inspectors looked at factors including how the Force prevents and investigates crime, protects vulnerable people and tackles serious and organised crime.

Overall, they rated BTP as 'good', saying crimes were investigated to a high standard, victims were kept updated and even when victims did not support police action, the force still continued to investigate crimes.

Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: "I was delighted to read the results of the inspection and everyone across the Force should rightly feel proud of the work they do.

"Inspectors said BTP had a 'highly effective' approach to protecting vulnerable people and that we understood our community well, working with partner agencies to provide care and keep people safe.

"They also praised the way we tackle serious and organised crime - using intelligence to take on organised crime groups - and said we used innovative ways to communicate with the public."

Chief Constable Crowther said: "Inspectors made a number of recommendations, many of which had already been identified by the Force and actions taken. They included ensuring that we engage with the rail industry over changes to our neighbourhood policing teams - which they praised for making sure resources were placed where the risk of harm is greatest.

"Over the coming weeks, we'll be taking a look at all of these recommendations and ensuring they're being appropriately acted upon."

He added: "At BTP, I know we're all proud to work for a Force that puts communities at the heart of what we do, and works tirelessly to keep people safe across England, Scotland and Wales."

Chair of the British Transport Police Authority (BTPA), Ron Barclay-Smith, said: "The comments made by the HMICFRS show that the hard work of our officers and staff isn't going unnoticed, and I am pleased to see the Force recognised in this way.

"Importantly, inspectors have also highlighted the Force's good relationships with the community it serves, while also mentioning how our work with partner organisations and the rail industry enhances the service we provide.

"While we are pleased with the overall conclusion of the report, we realise there is still work to be done and areas to improve, and the Police Authority will work closely with the Chief Constable to ensure we continue to provide a specialist policing service for the rail network across England, Scotland and Wales."
