```yaml
area: British Transport
publish:
  date: 16 May 2020 11:48
title: Statement on Chief Superintendent Wylie's travel - Scotland
url: https://media.btp.police.uk/r/17218/statement_on_chief_superintendent_wylie_s_travel_
```

Statement

View | Download (JPG - 15 KB)

Chief Superintendent Wylie's residential family home is in Yorkshire. As he is responsible for BTP policing in Scotland, he personally rents a single occupancy flat in Glasgow, for the purposes of essential overnight stays.

Since the restrictions came into force, Chief Superintendent Wylie has been staying in the Glasgow flat. He has returned to his residential family home in Yorkshire on two separate occasions, between 21st March and 13th May. Both times, he travelled home alone and by car to minimise any possible exposure to others and ensure there was no risk to any members of the public.

British Transport Police is a national police force with its headquarters in London, and as such our officers are required to regularly travel across England, Scotland and Wales for essential meetings or as operationally required. In these instances, Chief Superintendent Wylie will stay at whichever address is the most convenient.

Our officers can be posted anywhere in the UK, at any time. This means it is not unusual for them to have their family home in one part of the country and rent other accommodation nearer to where they are currently stationed.

Crucially, the restrictions state that people should only leave the place they are living if they have a reasonable excuse. This includes travelling for the purposes of work where it is not reasonably possible for that person to work from the place they are living. It would not be reasonably possible for Chief Superintendent Wylie to perform his role solely from either the Glasgow address, or his home in Yorkshire.

**Deputy Chief Constable Adrian Hanstock said:** "We are satisfied that there has been no breach of the COVID-19 regulations in this case, and there will be no misconduct investigation into Chief Superintendent Wylie's travel or his leadership.

 Furthermore, Chief Superintendent Wylie is a highly respected officer, and I have full confidence in both his integrity and his ability to perform his duties."
