```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have today (Wednesday, 22 July) introduced a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone as it is anticipated that crowds are likely to develop following tonight&#39;s final home fixture at Anfield, which will also see Liverpool Football Club confirmed as Premier League Champions with the lifting of the Premier League trophy.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Zone outside Anfield Stadium
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zone-outside-anfield-stadium/
title: Dispersal Zone outside Anfield Stadium | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zone-outside-anfield-stadium/
```

21:33 22/07/2020

Officers have today (Wednesday, 22 July) introduced a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone as it is anticipated that crowds are likely to develop following tonight's final home fixture at Anfield, which will also see Liverpool Football Club confirmed as Premier League Champions with the lifting of the Premier League trophy.

Following earlier incidents outside Anfield Stadium on 25 June and at the Pier Head and Liverpool city centre on Friday, 26 June, which resulted in anti social behaviour and alcohol related disorder, the decision has been made to put the dispersal order in place between 9.30pm on 22 July and 9.30pm on 24 July to prevent any potential for disorder.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing, or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours.

The area covered by the dispersal zone is shown on the map and includes: Junction of Breeze Hill / Queen s Drive / County Road (A59) heading along Queens Drive to the Junction of Queens Drive / Walton Lane. South along Walton lane turning onto Priory Road, continuing to the Junction of Priory Road / Watford Road. Along Watford Road onto Edith Road crossing onto Kemp Avenue. Continuing on Kemp Avenue turning onto Robson Street. North on Robson Street to Walton Breck Road (A5089) then continuing onto Royal Street turning right onto Walton Road (A59). North on Walton Road turning onto Bradewell Street. Right onto Westminster Road continuing to Brewster Street (A5038). North on Brewster Road then right onto Bedford Road. Continuing to County Road (A59) heading North to the Junction of Breeze Hill / Queens Drive / County Road (A59).

Superintendent Dave Charnock, said: "We're aware of the significant impact that anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour in the area.

"To the vast majority of law-abiding members of the community and Liverpool fans, I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"We would like to thank the vast majority of you who are adhering to the restrictions currently in place to protect the wider community as well as those who are continuing to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour and reporting it to us.

"It has never been more important than now to ensure that we all follow government advice to ensure the safety of those living in Merseyside."
