```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We issued over 30 people with fixed penalty notices for breaching Covid regulations after officers visited two business in premises in Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Over 30 people fined for Covid breaches after officers called to parties and gatherings in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/over-30-people-fined-for-covid-breaches-after-officers-called-to-parties-and-gatherings/
title: Over 30 people fined for Covid breaches after officers called to parties and gatherings in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/over-30-people-fined-for-covid-breaches-after-officers-called-to-parties-and-gatherings/
```

10:28 31/01/2021

We issued over 30 people with fixed penalty notices for breaching Covid regulations after officers visited two business in premises in Liverpool.

At around 10.30pm last night, Saturday 30th January, officers were dealing with an unrelated incident outside a business premises called Shred Fast Gym on Long Lane in Aintree when they were made aware of a gathering of people inside.

When they entered the found 20 people in a studio inside. No-one was wearing PPE and most were not socially distancing. There were people present who had travelled from as far as Billinge, Widnes, Wirral and Southport to attend the gathering.

In total 19 people were issued with fixed penalty notices and the business owner has been reported to the local authority as an event organiser.

At around 3.15am today, Sunday 31st January, officers attended at the Richmond Hotel in Hatton Garden in Liverpool city centre. They estimated between 150-200 people were present and four ongoing parties with evidence of drug use.

Officers removed everyone who was not a legitimate guest within the hotel.

Thirteen fixed penalty notices were issued and 11 documented warnings were given.

One woman was arrested for breaching Coronavirus legislation and for two counts of assault constable.

One man at the location was arrested as he wanted for a No Bail Warrant.
In addition three community resolutions were issued for drugs and 20 people were stop searched under the Misuse of Drugs act.

Chief Superintendent Matt Boyle said: "We are currently in a national lockdown which means people should not be leaving their homes for non-essential reasons or meeting up with other people outside their household or support bubble.

"This sort of behaviour is unbelievable and unacceptable and officers should not be confronted with abuse and violence when attempting to uphold the law which most people are rightly abiding by.

"I would continue to ask people to please consider their own safety and that of their loved ones. We are all in this together and the laws apply to everyone.

"We all need to do everything we can to protect the NHS and our frontline staff during this deadly pandemic and we will not hesitate to take action when we believe people are flouting the rules."
