```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Yesterday (29th January), officers were in Kirkby and Huyton carrying out an #OpTarget deployment as well as series of warrants in relation to serious crime.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Have your say following warrants carried out in Knowsley to tackle serious and violent crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/have-your-say-following-warrants-carried-out-in-knowsley-to-tackle-serious-and-violent-crime/
title: Have your say following warrants carried out in Knowsley to tackle serious and violent crime | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/have-your-say-following-warrants-carried-out-in-knowsley-to-tackle-serious-and-violent-crime/
```

14:23 30/01/2020

Yesterday (29th January), officers were in Kirkby and Huyton carrying out an #OpTarget deployment as well as series of warrants in relation to serious crime.

Officers were briefed before heading out with the objective of using a variety of tactics, resources and powers to tackle criminality in the area, focusing on drugs offences and gun crime in order to disrupt criminals, offer a large policing presence and to gain further intelligence from the communities directly affected by those involved in serious crime.

Five people were arrested for offences including possession with intent to supply cannabis, money laundering, burglary, disqualified driving & drug driving. Numerous other people were stop searched with some being found in possession of drugs.

Four warrants were also executed at addresses on Shaldon Rd, James Holt Ave and Quernmore Rd, Kirkby where cannabis and suspected heroin was recovered, a baton and Rolex watch were seized along with a large quantity of cash, estimated at around £7,000.

Now it's your chance to have your say, please complete this short survey to tell us where our next deployment should be and what you want us to focus on: https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/OpVermontKnowsleyJan2020

Inspector Jon Coote Said: "These deployments happen as a direct result from information and concerns that you have shared with us, so thank you for your continued support.

"From this information and our continued investigations, we hope to identify individuals living in the Knowsley area who are involved in serious crime.

"During these days of action, we also take the opportunity to speak to the public, who were overwhelmingly positive towards the police presence and enabled us to gain further intelligence.

"We want to do all we can to keep you safe and we will continue carrying out these deployments on a regular basis to ensure those involved in crime are taken off our streets and our communities can live peacefully and free from criminality in their area."

Anyone that would like to learn more information about #OpTarget, please visit our website. For those that wish to report a crime or provide information, please call 101, contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously or DM @MerPolCC.
