```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Four people have been arrested following a drugs warrant in Liverpool on Tuesday night (12th November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers make four arrests after discovery of cannabis farm
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/officers-make-four-arrests-after-discovery-of-cannabis-farm/
title: Officers make four arrests after discovery of cannabis farm | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/officers-make-four-arrests-after-discovery-of-cannabis-farm/
```

09:02 14/11/2019

Four people have been arrested following a drugs warrant in Liverpool on Tuesday night (12th November).

Officers attended a residential property on Waterford Road, Liverpool on Tuesday evening following reports that the occupants were involved in the production of cannabis.

On police arrival, officers recovered a large number of cannabis plants already bagged for distribution, 25 large plants worth around £100,000 and a large amount of cash.

Three men and one woman were consequently arrested on suspicion of drugs offences listed below:

A 25 year old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and production of cannabis,

A 22 year old woman from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug and cultivation of cannabis

A 22 year old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and production of cannabis,

A 22 year old man from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs. All four people have been released under investigation until next month.

Inspector Jon Coote said: "It's good to see our communities working together and reaching out to us should they feel concerned about this sort of criminal activity going on in their neighbourhood.

"In this case, we've managed to arrest four people. Four people that had the potential to cause misery in this neighbourhood.

"It is so important that we continue to dismantle these dangerous locations as supplying, dealing and growing drugs often leads to other serious and violent crime and by taking these people off our streets, we also put a stop to other offences being committed. So please keep telling us if you have suspicions and we'll make sure you're safe.

"Anyone with information on similar crimes being committed or if you're worried that someone you know might be involved in criminal activity should get in touch @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
