```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A total of 22 people have today (Friday 25 October) been jailed for more than 300 years after being convicted of gun and drugs offences and members of the community, whose lives were made a misery by this group&#39;s actions, can rest assured knowing that their community is much safer.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminals involved in gun and drugs offences sentenced to more than 300 years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/criminals-involved-in-gun-and-drugs-offences-sentenced-to-more-than-300-years-in-prison/
title: Criminals involved in gun and drugs offences sentenced to more than 300 years in prison | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/criminals-involved-in-gun-and-drugs-offences-sentenced-to-more-than-300-years-in-prison/
```

14:23 25/10/2019

A total of 22 people have today (Friday 25 October) been jailed for 309 years, four months after being convicted of gun and drugs offences and members of the community, whose lives were made a misery by this group's actions, can rest assured knowing that their community is much safer.

Residents living in the area around Eastern Avenue in Speke suffered from firearms related crime, drug dealing, assaults, the anti-social use and criminal use of motorbikes and some were afraid to go out following firearms discharges in their neighbourhood.

But in May 2018, following a thorough and complex investigation by detectives, warrants were executed at 31 addresses in Aigburth, Bootle, Dingle, Dovecot, Halewood, Speke, Wallasey, Wavertree, Widnes, Plymouth, Nottingham, Staffordshire. Twenty five people were subsequently charged with firearms and drugs related offences and following four trials 22 people have been convicted.

During the course of the investigation police recovered 10 firearms (a St Etienne revolver; A Tikka bolt action sawn off rifle; a double barrelled sawn off shotgun; a single barrelled sawn off shotgun; a Browning semi-automatic sawn-off shotgun; a Beretta double barrelled sawn-off shotgun; a Luger self-loading pistol; a T H Kommer self-loading pistol; two Smith and Wesson revolvers).

Officers also recovered thousands of rounds of ammunition; two improvised explosive devices capable of causing serious harm, or worse; more than £61,264 in cash; Ladies and Gents Rolex watches, three stolen motorbikes and Class A (heroin and cocaine) and Class B (cannabis) drugs with an estimated street value of between £108,059 and £163,338.

Following the sentencing Det Chief Supt Mark Kameen, said: "Those convicted this week were arrested as a result of Operation Bombay - a complex and thorough investigation which started in March 2017 and culminated on 3 May 2018.

"The investigation was launched in response to escalating violence and criminality in the Speke area between rival organised crime groups in the area, which was impacting on the lives of the genuine, decent people who lived in the area. A number of concerns had been raised to us by partner organisations in relation to some members of the public being afraid to go out because they had been intimidated, or in some cases assaulted by members of these crime groups, drug dealing was taking place in the area and firearms were being used to resolve disputes.

"As well as fear and intimidation within the wider community these groups were involved in the criminal exploitation of vulnerable young people and adults in the area and further afield in the West Midlands and Wales. Through violence and intimidation they would coerce these vulnerable people into County Lines drug dealing.

 "As a result of our proactive investigation we were able to build up a strong evidential case and put those involved before the courts where justice has been done. Serious Organised Crime Prevention Orders (SOCPOs) have also been taken out against Christopher Wallace, Jermaine Bryan, Paul Gregory, Anthony Tierney, Connor Courtney, Ciaran McHale and Dillon Walsh, and will be put in place on their release from prison. These will stop them from travelling out of the country for five years and will contain other restrictions on their associations with certain individuals and the use of mobile devices. We will also be looking to use Proceeds of Crime legislation to recover any criminal assets and cash made through criminality. The Proceeds of Crime legislation will be used in relation to Christopher Wallace; Anthony Tierney; Neil Huyton; Connor Courtney; Callum Burrows; Jake Burrows; Kevin Morgan; Joanne Ritchie; Kevin Marlow; Barry Kelly; Lee Price; Paul O'Neill and Ian O'Brien.

"I want to take this opportunity to reassure residents that when we receive information about drug related crime and gun crime we will act. In relation to drug dealing, we often have to carry out an extensive operation, which can take some months, to gather evidence to ensure that when we get those involved to court the only option available is a prison sentence.

"The message is clear - Merseyside Police is relentless in its pursuit of those involved in serious and organised crime and we will do all we can to find those involved and put them before the courts to keep our communities safe.

"But we cannot do this without the public. We rely on members of the public to tell us when there are criminal issues in their area so that we can take positive action and protect our communities. Any information supplied to us in relation to serious and organised crime will be acted upon.

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank the detectives involved in investigating this complex and far reaching drugs conspiracy, their tenacity has led to the justice that has been served today. I would also like to thank the prosecuting counsel and the Crown Prosecution Service for all their hard work."

Inspector Paul Holden and his local policing team are responsible for policing Speke and following the arrests in May 2018 they have seen the green shoots of success in the area. Inspector Holden explained: "Before these individuals were taken off the streets crime and anti-social behaviour had escalated considerably, which caused some considerable distress amongst the decent members of the community.

"Since the culmination of this investigation the area has seen a 63 per cent decrease in anti-social behaviour; a 43 per cent reduction in Section 18 wounding offences; an 80 per cent reduction in ASB calls during the evening period and no firearms discharges.

"This has resulted in a growing confidence in the local community, who are now able to get on with their daily business without fear for themselves, or family members and friends. There is a palpable community spirit in the area, which is being supported by local community groups who are playing their part in the regeneration of the area.

"For me and my officers it has been an absolute pleasure working in the community over the last 12 months and seeing the difference this investigation has made to so many people. Things are looking good and by working together with our partners, community groups and the community we can build on the good work that has already taken place."

Those sentenced are:

1\. Christopher Wallace, 35 years of Woodchurch, Wirral is at the top of a group of organised criminals. He was responsible for the supply of large quantities of Class A drugs and as a result had access to firearms. Guns and ammunition were recovered from his garage premises and his DNA was also found on those guns, ammunition and pipe bombs. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns); conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle); conspiracy to transfer ammunition; possession of explosives with intent; conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and sentenced to life with a 31 year tariff.

2\. Paul Gregory, 29 years, from Nottingham was involved with Jermaine Bryan in a handover of firearms with Joanne Ritchie in October 2017. His DNA was recovered from two firearms that were recovered in Liverpool. One of those firearms was found at Christopher Wallace's garage. The other was recovered hidden near to an address linked to criminal associates of Christopher Wallace in Speke. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition and sentenced to 18 years in prison.

3\. Jermaine Bryan, 34 years, from Nottingham was also involved in the transaction with Joanne Ritchie in October 2017. It was Jermaine Bryan who met with her, activating a new mobile telephone that same day and he received a call from Joanne Ritchie as she arrived at Nottingham. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition and sentenced to 18 years in prison.

4\. Thomas Mousley, 39 years, Priorsfield Road, Liverpool, was a close associate of Christopher Wallace. He was involved in the firearms side of Christopher Wallace's business. He was closely involved in the collection of firearms from Nottingham by Joanne Ritchie on behalf of Christopher Wallace. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition and sentenced to 14 years in prison.

5\. Joanne Ritchie, 47 years, of Westdale Road, Wavertree. She was a courier for Christopher Wallace delivering drugs in Liverpool; North Wales and Plymouth and no doubt collecting cash which was the proceeds of that drugs business. She made many, many trips. In one eight-month period she made more than 20 trips, many of them with her partner Kevin Morgan. She was found guilty of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and was sentenced to nine years.

6\. Kevin Morgan, 58 years, of Westdale Road, Wavertree is related to Christopher Wallace and is also Joanne Ritchie's partner. He also made a number of trips to deliver drugs, using his private hire taxi as a cover. 18 trips were identified, although there were likely many more. Sometimes he would be alone, on others he would travel with Joanne Ritchie. When he wasn't with Joanne Ritchie, the telephone contact shows that he would co-ordinate the trip, liaising with Joanne Ritchie as the courier and keeping others informed of what was going on. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns); conspiracy to transfer ammunition and conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and was sentenced to 16 years.

7\. Callum Burrows, 22 years, of Ann Street West, Widnes. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs and conspiracy to supply Class B drugs, he was sentenced to 20 years.

8\. Jake Burrows, 24 years, of Brandon, Widnes. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), conspiracy to transfer ammunition and conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class B drugs and he was sentenced to 25-and-a-half years.

9\. Lee Price, 37 years, of Eastern Avenue, Speke. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), and conspiracy to transfer ammunition. He pleaded guilty to Conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs and conspiracy to supply Class B drugs. He was sentenced to 22-and-a-half years.

10\. Shaun Connolly, 27 years, of Withington Road, Speke. He was found guilty of possession of firearms (handguns) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition and was sentenced to six years, 10 months.

11\. Mark Gardner, 23 years, of Wessex Close, Hale Village. Pleaded guilty to conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), and conspiracy to transfer ammunition. He was sentenced to 14-and-a-half years.

12\. Barry Kelly, 26 years, of Little Heath Road, Speke Pleaded guilty to conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), conspiracy to transfer ammunition, conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs and conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to bring items into HM Prison. He was sentenced to 18 years.

13\. Paul O'Neill, 58 years, of Denford Road, Dovecot He was found guilty of conspiracy with intent to supply class A drugs. He was sentenced to eight years.

14\. Anthony Tierney, 32 years, of Beechwood Gardens, Aigburth, DNA was found on a bag containing a luger and 39 bullets along with Christopher Wallace. Also found in possession of a loaded Smith and Wesson .45 handgun from Beechwood Gardens. He took over the responsibility for drugs supply to North Wales and Shropshire following the arrest of Christopher Wallace, he had links with the Speke based crime group. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. £5k of cash was found hidden under a mattress at his address. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), conspiracy to transfer ammunition, and conspiracy with intent to supply Class b drugs. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. Tierney was sentenced to 20 years, three months.

15\. Dillon Walsh, of 21 years, HMP Haverigg is the stepson of Christopher Walsh and played a pivotal role in the firearms conspiracy from within the confines of prison. He also had links with the Speke crime group. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition. He pleaded guilty to possession of a mobile phone in prison. He was sentenced to 14 years in prison.

16\. Connor Courtney, 25 years, of Upper Mann Street, Toxteth, had significant phone contact with Dillon Walsh and also had dealings with the crime group in Speke. He was arrested at his home where a loaded sawn-off shotgun was found hidden in a grassed area at the side of his house. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle) and conspiracy to transfer ammunition. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs. He was sentenced to

17\. Ciaran McHale, 26 years, of Alexandra Park, Aigburth , played a part in acquiring guns and ammunition to protect the supply of illegal drugs by this crime group. His DNA was found on ammunition in a Smith and Wesson revolver that was found hidden in Neil Huyton's address. He also pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of a mobile phone whilst in prison. He has been sentenced to five years, nine months in prison.

18\. Ian O'Brien, 33, of Grafton Street, Toxteth, He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs . He was sentenced to eight years.

19\. Neil Huyton, 37 years, of Beechwood Gardens, Aigburth, His fingerprints were found on a second plastic bag containing the 0.45 Smith and Wesson revolver. He was found guilty of conspiracy to transfer firearms (handguns), conspiracy to transfer S1 firearms (shotgun/rifle), conspiracy to transfer ammunition, and conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class B drugs. (on chart NG of three main offences, but on written info guilty) . He was sentenced to 14 years, three months in prison.

20\. Kevin Marlow, 21 years, of Alderwood Road, Speke Pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class A drugs and conspiracy to supply Class B drugs. He was sentenced to six years, nine months.

21\. William Troake, 21 years, of Damwood Road, Speke He pleaded guilty to conspiracy with intent to supply Class B drugs. he was sentenced to 21 months suspended for two years and 180 hours unpaid work.

22\. Jack Ross, 22 years, of Witney Road, Halewood Pleaded guilty to possession of a Section One firearm without a certificate. He was sentenced to three years.

**Operation Bombay**

https://youtu.be/w9ARS1TDSfk

**Price and Burrows**

https://youtu.be/-YXaDJpPr9U

**Raid**

https://youtu.be/jrSKGd_zvnA

**Wallace Arrest**

https://youtu.be/_vNMo1KAStw
