```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We&#39;re are welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to jail for breaching the terms of his Gang Injunction.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wirral man sent to prison for breaching Gang Injunction
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/wirral-man-sent-to-prison-for-breaching-gang-injunction/
title: Wirral man sent to prison for breaching Gang Injunction | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/wirral-man-sent-to-prison-for-breaching-gang-injunction/
```

13:52 17/09/2020

We're welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to jail for breaching the terms of his Gang Injunction.

26-year-old Kieran Salkeld of St Oswalds Avenue, Beechwood was sentenced to 168 days in prison at Wirral Magistrates Court today, Thursday 17 September. Salkeld was found to have breached his conditions of non-association following an investigation.

The Gang Injunction was originally issued on 13 May 2019 after Wirral officers, working alongside local agencies, gathered extensive information to build up a picture of the impact Salkeld and others were having on communities in the Birkenhead area. This included police officer statements, police incident logs and CCTV footage

Wirral officers working alongside local agencies gathered extensive information to build up a picture of the impact Salkeld and others were having on communities in the Birkenhead area. This included police officer statements, police incident logs and CCTV footage.

Following the sentencing, Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "This shows again what a powerful tool such injunctions can be in our efforts to crack down on gang crime which blights the lives of decent, law-abiding people in our communities.

"This injunction continues until May 2021 and as we have shown, we will take proactive and decisive action to enforce all of its terms and police the restrictions rigorously.

"We're sure that the residents of the Beechwood estate will be as pleased as we are to see this result today.

"The injunctions, along with other powers, reduce the opportunity for criminal activity by preventing gang members from associating with each other or other criminals, and ensuring that the wider community is kept safe.

"Gang Injunctions give us the power to restrict the tools of criminals' trade and where they can and cannot go. If officers see anyone breaching their gang injunction, they have extra powers of arrest and can take that gang member off the streets and put them back before the courts very quickly.

"With the threat of an injunction being triggered hanging over them, we believe they have deterred many from engaging in criminality and we have seen a reduction in violent incidents in areas where the injunctions have been in force."

Merseyside Police encourages anyone with information about gang related activity in their area to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. Follow Wirral Police on Twitter and Facebook for news, updates and advice.
