```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today (Thursday 18 June), appealing for information following the assault and subsequent death of Terence Dunn in Norris Green last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'ANNIVERSARY APPEAL: ARE YOU THE WITNESS WE ARE STILL LOOKING FOR?'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/anniversary-appeal-are-you-the-witness-we-are-still-looking-for/
title: 'ANNIVERSARY APPEAL: ARE YOU THE WITNESS WE ARE STILL LOOKING FOR? | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/anniversary-appeal-are-you-the-witness-we-are-still-looking-for/
```

10:12 18/06/2020

We are today (Thursday 18 June), appealing for information following the assault and subsequent death of Terence Dunn in Norris Green last year.

A year ago (18th June 2019 at 3:40pm), Terence was seriously assaulted by a man, believed to be carrying a golf club on Wapshare Road, Norris Green. The suspect was challenged by a member of the public and then ran off down a cut-through onto Kilrea Close, possibly making off down the loop line. He is described as white, 5ft 7in, of slim build, with blonde hair, wearing dark clothing with a hood up.

Later on last year, on 24 September, emergency services were called following the sudden death of 49-year-old Mr Dunn.

Following enquiries, three men aged 27, 28 and 46 were arrested on suspicion of murder and a 54-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. They have all since been released on conditional bail. An investigation into Mr Dunn's death remains ongoing.

Detective Inspector Tracey Martin said: "Terry was well-known and liked in the community but it seems that he was specifically targeted and we suspect the offender may have had a grudge against him and was trying to send a strong message.

"We are now continuing our search for another man, believed to be in his 70s, who we think may live locally and would have passed the man carrying a golf club (as seen on CCTV) on the day of the assault. Was this you? It is crucial if you know who this witness is, or if this was you, that you speak to us. Even if you do not remember the incident, but you are the person pictured, please come forward so we can continue piecing together this investigation.

"We are determined to find the person responsible and put them before the courts. The family of Mr Dunn deserve to know who is responsible for his death and we are committed to seeking justice for them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100319269 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
