```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have today, Thursday 11th March, welcomed the sentencing of two men from St Helens for sexual offences involving a child.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men sentenced to 16 years in jail each for sexual offences involving a child
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/two-men-sentenced-to-16-years-in-jail-each-for-sexual-offences-involving-a-child/
title: Two men sentenced to 16 years in jail each for sexual offences involving a child | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/two-men-sentenced-to-16-years-in-jail-each-for-sexual-offences-involving-a-child/
```

13:38 11/03/2021

We have today, Thursday 11 March, welcomed the sentencing of two men from St Helens for sexual offences involving a child.

William Neil Gamble (left), 65 and Dave Bradbury (right), 55, both of Pigot Street, were both sentenced to 16 years imprisonment plus an extended one year on licence after pleading guilty to four counts of rape, two sexual assaults, two assault by penetration, plus the taking of indecent videos associated to each act.

The offences took place between 2018 and 2020 and involved a boy under 12.

Both men were also given a lifetime sexual harm prevention order.

Detective Constable Craig Doyle said: "Both of these men are very dangerous individuals.

"They acted as a team to exploit and carry out this horrendous abuse over a period of time and both men deserve to spend the rest of their lives behind bars.

"Merseyside Police is committed to protecting victims of sexual offences, and anyone who reports an incident to us will be safeguarded and supported throughout the investigation.

"Anyone that has been a victim of a similar sexual offence, is concerned for the safety of someone they know or suspects someone to be engaging in this criminal activity, should come forward and speak to us. We have a team of dedicated staff who will expertly and compassionately deal with your reports and we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice.

Anyone with information or wants to report a sexual offence is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801
