```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in St Helens yesterday, Monday, 2 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following robbery -St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-information-following-robbery--st-helens/
title: Appeal for information following robbery -St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-information-following-robbery--st-helens/
```

21:19 04/03/2020

Updated News Post

**Update - Wednesday, 4 March**

**Detectives and response officers investigating the robbery of a 16-year-old boy in St Helens on Monday, 2 March have arrested two males in connection with the incident.**

**An 18-year-old man and a 17-year-old male, both from Liverpool, have been arrested on suspicion of robbery today, Wednesday, 4 March.**

**They have been taken to local police stations where they remain for questioning.**

**Detective Inspector Jackie Guinness said "We would like to repeat our appeal for a male witness who we believe walked past at the time of the incident on Monday and could have been approached by the offenders. If this male could make contact we would like to speak to him as a priority, as we believe he could greatly assist the investigation."**

**The investigation is ongoing and anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000134690 or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111.**

ORIGINAL APPEAL

We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in St Helens yesterday, Monday, 2 March.

It was reported that at around 1.45pm, a 16 year-old boy was walking along a path between Main Avenue and Edge Street, when he was approached by two males in possession of a knife. The males made threats before taking the victims coat, bag, cash, phone and watch.

The offenders, described as two black males wearing hoods, made off and the victim reported the incident to police. He was left uninjured but extremely shaken.

An investigation is underway and detectives are keen to speak to anyone with information.

Detective Inspector Jackie Guinness said: "This would've been an extremely frightening incident for the young victim, who thankfully wasn't injured, and we are carrying out a number of enquiries to locate the offenders.

"We are particularly keen to speak to a male who is believed to have walked past at the time of the incident, and was possibly also approached himself by the offenders. If this is you, or you witnessed the incident or anyone in the area at the time that fits the description of the offenders, please let us know.

"Likewise, if you have any dashcam or CCTV footage from the Broadway, Upland Road or Main Avenue areas, please get in touch."

Please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000134690 or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 with information.
