```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in New Brighton yesterday, Tuesday, 12 January, have arrested a second male in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two males arrested in connection with assault - New Brighton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-males-arrested-in-connection-with-assault---new-brighton/
title: Two males arrested in connection with assault - New Brighton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-males-arrested-in-connection-with-assault---new-brighton/
```

12:10 13/01/2021

**UPDATE:

Detectives investigating an assault in New Brighton yesterday, Tuesday, 12 January, have arrested a second male in connection with the incident.**

** ** **A 15-year-old boy from New Brighton was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault. He remains in custody for questioning.** ** **

**A 15-year-old boy arrested yesterday has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.**

**The victim, a man in his 50 's, remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.**

**Detective Inspector Darren Taylor said: "An investigation is ongoing following a serious assault in New Brighton yesterday, and we are keen to speak to anyone with information.**

**" We know there was a number of people in the area at the time and I would urge anyone who witnessed the incident, or suspicious behaviour in the area, to please come forward."**

**Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information which could assist the investigation is asked to DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 20000691418.
**

We have arrested a male after reports of a serious assault on New Brighton Promenade this morning (Tuesday 12 January).

At around 7.25am a report was received of a man in his 50s who had been found with a head injury near to the Black Pearl. Officers attended along with the ambulance service and the victim was taken to hospital.

It was reported he had been struck with a piece of wood by two males.

Following enquiries, a male from Wallasey was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault and taken to a police station for questioning.

CCTV and witness enquiries are being carried out and an investigation is ongoing.

Detective Inspector Darren Taylor said: "This was an unprovoked and callous attack against a man who was taking a run along the promenade early this morning. It is believed that the suspect was with another male and ran up towards Tower Grounds after the attack.

"Enquiries are ongoing to establish what has led up the incident and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area around 7.15am who saw anything or has any information to get in touch."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information which could assist the investigation is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK quoting reference 20000691418.
