```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have yesterday (3rd December) conducted two warrants in the Liverpool area in relation to the possession of Class A drugs.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Over &#163;100k in cash &amp; drugs seized during two separate warrants'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/op-target-over-100k-in-cash--drugs-seized-during-two-separate-warrants/
title: 'OP TARGET: Over &#163;100k in cash &amp; drugs seized during two separate warrants | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/op-target-over-100k-in-cash--drugs-seized-during-two-separate-warrants/
```

15:33 04/12/2020

Officers have yesterday (3rd December) conducted two warrants in the Liverpool area in relation to the possession of Class A drugs.

Officers were firstly briefed in the morning before heading to Bramhall Close, Speke at 7am.

A 24 year old man and a 25 year old woman were arrested at the scene on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

A search of the property resulted in around £12,000 in cash being found, £8.5k of which was hidden in the lining of a wetsuit.

The pair were taken to custody and have since been released under investigation until early January.

The second unrelated warrant took place later in the day, at around 3:30pm when officers attended a flat on Gateacre Brow, Liverpool.

During a search of the home, over £100,000 in cash, a small amount of white powder suspected to be Cocaine, bags of white crystals suspected to be crack cocaine and a bag of yellow tablets suspected to be ecstasy along with 4 phones, a laptop, designer clothing, jewellery and a Rolex watch were recovered and seized.

A 35 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of Class A drugs, money laundering and possession of criminal property. He has again been released under investigation until January.

Detective Sergeant Alan Wood says: "We are still in the early stages of both of these investigations but the recoveries made yesterday are significant and will go towards our fight against serious violence, gang and drug crime being committed across Liverpool.

"I hope that the recovery of these items also highlight to the public just how thorough our searches are and that dangerous substances, weapons and criminal property have nowhere to hide.

"If you know someone involved in crime, drugs or otherwise, please do the right thing and get in touch with us. You can contact us on 101, @MerPolCC or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
