```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been found guilty of two breaches of a five-year football banning order which was issued by Crewe Magistrates Court in February 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tranmere Rovers fan sentenced after breach of Football Banning Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/tranmere-rovers-fan-sentenced-after-breach-of-football-banning-order/
title: Tranmere Rovers fan sentenced after breach of Football Banning Order | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/tranmere-rovers-fan-sentenced-after-breach-of-football-banning-order/
```

15:46 04/02/2020

A man has been found guilty of two breaches of a five-year football banning order which was issued by Crewe Magistrates Court in February 2019.

Tranmere Rovers supporter Ryan Ferguson, aged 20, of Barberry Crescent, Netherton, was sentenced at South Sefton Magistrates Court last week.

He was found guilty of travelling to Birkenhead on 5th October 2019, when Tranmere Rovers played Shrewsbury Town, breaching a condition which states he must not travel to a town, city or place where Tranmere Rovers are playing a regulated football match.

He was also found guilty of breaching a condition within his banning order which states he must not come within one mile of any football stadium four hours before kick-off, during play, or four hours after the match has ended. He was arrested on 5th January 2020, when Everton met Liverpool at Anfield after being present on Spellow Lane.

Ferguson was given an eight-week sentence suspended for 12 months, a 12 month supervision order, 100 hours unpaid work, alongside £85 fine in costs and a £122 victim surcharge.

Inspector Iain Wyke said: "Merseyside Police will continue to monitor those who are subject to banning orders, and deal robustly with anyone who breaches these conditions.

"As always, we will do all we can to ensure our policing of any football match puts the safety of supporters first. We will always make sure we do everything we can to keep both football fans and local communities safe.

"We will continue to work closely with all of our local clubs to make matches safe and enjoyable occasions for everyone."
