```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm nine people were arrested during a gathering outside Anfield last night (Wednesday 22 July).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police thank fans who stayed home to watch Liverpool lift Premier League trophy
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/statement-on-gathering-outside-anfield/
title: Police thank fans who stayed home to watch Liverpool lift Premier League trophy | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/statement-on-gathering-outside-anfield/
```

10:48 23/07/2020

We can confirm nine people were arrested during a gathering outside Anfield last night (Wednesday 22 July).

Merseyside Police worked with Liverpool FC, Liverpool City Council and Spirit of Shankly ahead of the game against Chelsea to urge fans to stay away and we would like to thank the overwhelming majority of Liverpool fans who listened to that advice and celebrated their team's success at home, keeping themselves, their families, friends and neighbours safe.

But around 3,000 did gather outside the stadium, against the advice of the Chief Constable, Public Health Liverpool, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, captain Jordan Henderson, and Sir Kenny Dalglish amongst others.

Assistant Chief Constable Natalie Perischine, from Merseyside Police, said: "We put a comprehensive and appropriate policing operation in place ahead of the game, with the safety of the public paramount in our decision making. I want to thank all those fans who heeded advice to stay home and watch the celebrations on TV.

"Officers made a total of nine arrests outside Anfield last night for affray, assault, people who were drunk and disorderly and drug driving.

"The vast majority of the crowd were good natured and had dispersed by 2am. Thankfully we didn't see the sort of incidents of disorder and criminal damage we saw at the Pier Head on 27 June, the investigation into which has seen more than 20 arrests made to date.

"If you did witness any criminal or anti-social behaviour last night, let us know and we will investigate fully.

"As part of our management of the gathering, we introduced a 48-hour Dispersal Zone at 9.30pm, which remains in place. Police have powers to bring in Dispersal Zones only under certain circumstances and we cannot have them in place ahead of an event, but they have proved an effective tool in deterring people from behaving anti-socially in specific areas and we will be patrolling the Anfield area to enforce it until 9.30pm on Friday."

ACC Perischine added: "Although the numbers who gathered last night could have been significantly higher, it is still disappointing that people did not listen to requests from ourselves, Liverpool Football Club and Liverpool City Council not to gather in large numbers because of the risks still posed by COVID-19.

"We are all still in unprecedented times due to the pandemic and the last thing anyone wants is a resurgence of cases in Merseyside, with every life lost a tragedy so I want to take this opportunity to again urge people to act sensibly, follow Government guidance and keep themselves and each other safe."
