```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police officers from Merseyside, North Wales and British Transport Police have joined forces to day in a crackdown on County Lines Organised Crime Groups (OCGs) responsible for cross border drugs supply and the criminal exploitation of young and vulnerable people.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers carry out dawn raids and target roads and transport bid to sever county lines
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/officers-carry-out-dawn-raids-and-target-roads-and-transport-bid-to-sever-county-lines/
title: Officers carry out dawn raids and target roads and transport bid to sever county lines | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/officers-carry-out-dawn-raids-and-target-roads-and-transport-bid-to-sever-county-lines/
```

12:03 17/01/2020

Updated News Post

**UPDATE: 10pm**

**Today's police operation targeting County Lines has resulted in 16 men being arrested (eight from raids in Merseyside and North Wales and eight from policing initiatives at the transport hubs in Merseyside and N Wales).

Five men arrested in Merseyside (one in Norris Green; two in Kirkby and two in Kensington) and three men were arrested in North Wales for drugs warrants for drugs offences. A number of mobile phones, Class A and B drugs and a stun gun were seized.

87 stop searches were carried out at the transport hubs in Liverpool (Lime Street train station; Liverpool South Parkway and Liverpool One bus station) and North Wales (Chester train station; Bangor train station; Rhyl train station and Colwyn Bay train station). As a result five men were arrested at Lime Street Station: two for drugs offences; one man for breach of a court order; one for money laundering and one for theft shop.

Three men were arrested at the Welsh transport hubs: one for drunk and disorderly; one for robbery and one for breach of a court order.**

UPDATE: 4.18pm

Today's police operation targeting County Lines has so far resulted in 13 arrests.

Five men were arrested in Merseyside (one in Norris Green; two in Kirkby; and two in Kensington) and three men were arrested in North Wales for drugs offences following the execution of warrants at 12 addresses this morning. A number of mobile phones, along with Class A and B drugs and a stun gun have been seized.

Officers from Merseyside, North Wales and British Transport Police who were involved in targeting the use of key transport hubs and roads being used to carry out County Lines activity have carried out 48 stop searches and arrested five men for various offences including money laundering and drugs offences. Officers recovered approximately £3000 in cash from one male who was stopped at Lime Street Station.

Police officers from Merseyside, North Wales and British Transport Police have joined forces to day in a crackdown on County Lines Organised Crime Groups (OCGs) responsible for cross border drugs supply and the criminal exploitation of young and vulnerable people.

Project Medusa is a Merseyside-led initiative and today more than 120 officers from all three forces have been involved in the operation, which has seen warrants executed at 10 addresses in Merseyside (Wallasey, Kensington and Norris Green) and North Wales (Rhyl and Abergele).

The raids have resulted in three arrests and officers have seized suspected Class A drugs. Searches at the properties are ongoing.

Officers involved in the operation will also be targeting transport hubs in Liverpool (Lime Street train station; Liverpool South Parkway and Liverpool One Bus Station) and North Wales (Chester train station; Bangor train station; Rhyl train station and Colwyn Bay train station), where they will be looking to target individuals using the rail network and bus network to transport drugs and carry out County Lines activity. Whilst officers from Roads Policing will be patrolling main transport routes in a bid to identify vehicles being used by individuals known to be involved in wholesale County Lines drug supply and exploitation.

Today's operation is the third operation this week conducted by Merseyside Police with other force areas. We have carried out activity with police in Cumbria and Staffordshire targeting County Lines OCGs. In Cumbria, one male was arrested following the recovery of a quarter of a kilo of Class A drugs and a controller phone. Whilst the operation with Staffordshire Police resulted in the arrests of nine people (three in Merseyside and six in Staffordshire) for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. Significant quantities of heroin, cocaine and MDMA were recovered along with £3,000 in cash.

Home Secretary Priti Patel, who joined officers for the operation this morning, said: "I will not tolerate these abhorrent gangs that are terrorising our towns and exploiting our children.

"I'm pleased to see such strong results from the police - they have my full backing in this crucial work.

"We will continue to support their efforts in confronting this threat with 20,000 new officers."

Chief Constable Andy Cooke, said: "In November 2019 Merseyside Police received £640,000 in government funding to tackle and close down County Lines OCGs operating from Merseyside. These County Lines OCGs are responsible for the widespread distribution of illegal drugs in other parts of the country including North Wales; Staffordshire, Cumbria; Cheshire; Lancashire; North Yorkshire; Northumbria; West Mercia; Scotland; Kent; Devon Cornwall and Wiltshire.

"As a result of Government funding we have been able to set up Project Medusa, which consists of different types of operational activity designed to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down these OCGs.

"In the last two months the concentrated activity of our officers, working together with British Transport Police and other forces in the UK, has led to the cutting of seven County Lines run by Organised Crime Groups.

"As a result we have arrested 48 people and more importantly we have been able to safeguard 21 people who were being exploited by these groups. County Lines are run off the backs of vulnerable people targeted by ruthless criminals. They use the vulnerable to deal their drugs, whilst they sit back and live off the criminal earnings from the sales of illegal drugs, which blight our communities.

"This initiative, codenamed Project Medusa, hits the criminals hard, but when it comes to the young and vulnerable people, who have been criminally exploited, we ensure that they are treated sensitively and with understanding.

"Working with existing partnerships including Everton in the Community, LFC Foundation and other local partners we are able to refer these victims for educational programmes, psychological and emotional support and pathways which help them to forge a new life for themselves away from the degrading world of County Lines. We also work with our partners in the voluntary sector and organisations like Catch 22, Protect (Liverpool), the My Time Project and other outreach workers who are able to provide interventions to prevent young people from becoming involved in County Lines.

"We are determined to sever the County Lines that blight our communities and the recently created Violence Reduction Unit (which consists of representatives from Merseyside Police, the Health Service, all five local authorities), is looking at long term strategies to see how a public health approach can help prevent people from becoming involved in County Lines."

Chief Constable Paul Crowther from BTP, said: "We are the specialist force for policing the rail network and my officers have great experience in tackling issues which span the nation, such as county lines. We have seen first hand the devastating impact these exploitative gangs have on young people, and we are determined to disrupt this criminal activity.

"Since the founding of the county lines taskforce we have seen excellent results, with 80 gang members being arrested and drugs and other potential lethal weapons being seized. With each arrest comes valuable intelligence on how these corrosive gangs operate, and likewise we can help safeguard exploited children from harm.

"Thankfully, the rail network continues to be a low crime environment, and with this Home Office funding, we will continue to take decisive action to shut down trafficking networks."

Assistant Chief Constable of North Wales Police Sacha Hatchett said: "Today's operation with colleagues from Merseyside Police underlines the fact that there are no borders when it comes to prosecuting those who deal drugs, or exploit others to further their illegal enterprise.

She added: "I would like to pay tribute to the many officers and support staff that have both prepared for and taken part in today's events, and also thank the public for their co-operation whilst we carried out these operations.

"We are committed to protecting vulnerable members of society who may fall prey to organised crime gangs, and we endeavour to make north Wales the safest place in the UK."
