```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have been out across the county following recent shootings aiming to disrupt criminal behaviour and locate and remove dangerous weapons off our streets.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers across the county remain committed to taking dangerous weapons off our streets
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/officers-across-the-county-remain-committed-to-taking-dangerous-weapons-off-our-streets/
title: Officers across the county remain committed to taking dangerous weapons off our streets | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/officers-across-the-county-remain-committed-to-taking-dangerous-weapons-off-our-streets/
```

17:35 30/10/2019

Officers have been out across the county following recent shootings aiming to disrupt criminal behaviour and locate and remove dangerous weapons off our streets.

**Knowsley**

Last week, a firearms warrant was carried out on Mintor Road, Knowsley. Here officers found the occupier had a number of knives by his bed, claiming they were for safety reasons. These were removed and officers gave the occupier some alternative safety advice.

**Sefton**

Again last week, targeted teams carried out 'Operation Lockdown' on the Pendle Estate. Here the officers were split into various teams and tasked with searching Rimrose Valley Park. This resulted in the recovery of a number of weapons including Stanley Blades concealed in the wooded area nearby.

Following this, two simultaneous warrants were carried out on Westminster Avenue. A further number of weapons consisting of a pick axe handle with circular saw blade attached, an extendable baton, air rifle, and a white stick with knife attached to the end were signed over to police and two persons were dealt with for drugs offences.

Activity continued on Clare Road, Bootle where a warrant was carried out and suspected drugs were seized. The occupant, a 39 year old woman was given a caution.

Underwater Search Teams also searched the canal near Swifts Lane where an imitation firearm was recovered from the water. Investigations are ongoing to identify the owner.

Finally, the Mobile Police Station parked up in the Pendle Car Park where PCSOs took the opportunity to speak to members of the public providing them with a reassuring presence, crime prevention advice and a safe environment to voice their concerns.

**St Helens**

Officers have also been out on patrol in Haydock where they sighted a Peugeot van acting suspiciously. Two people on board were searched and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were recovered. Both persons were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Whilst out on patrol, local policing officers also identified a man, wanted in connection with a Section 18 assault involving a knife. This transpired to be 22 year old Kyle Paladino, he attempted to make off but after a short foot pursuit he was detained and arrested. He has since been charged with Section 18 wounding, possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and theft of a shop.

 **Liverpool**

On Saturday armed officers conducted a stop check on a Mercedes on Bowring Park Road. The front seat passenger tried to escape, however he was detained by officers and a small handgun, believed to belong to him, was recovered. The man was identified as Connor Crawford, 19 from Belle Vale and was later charged with Possession of a prohibited weapon and has been remanded in custody.

In addition, whilst investigations continue in regards to recent discharges, Matrix and Local Policing Officers have arrested a number of wanted individuals for affray, possession of bladed article and drug supply offences.

Also, officers have been busy visiting pubs across the area, engaging with and working with landlords to ensure premises are well run and safe for customers.

**Wirral**

Across the water in Birkenhead, officers on patrol noticed a Black Ford Focus acting suspiciously. The car was stopped on Corporation Street where the occupants were spoken to and the car was searched. Here, a black bag containing cannabis was recovered as well as cash and a number of phones. The driver was wiped for drugs, where he tested positive for cannabis. Both him and the passenger were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences and have since been released under investigation.

Activity across Merseyside will continue and officers are appealing directly to our communities to come forward with any information they may have in regards to people carrying or using dangerous weapons, where they are being kept or any wider information on criminal activity in Merseyside.

We rely on you coming forward and sharing information with us. Together, we can take these weapons off our streets, increase community confidence and ultimately save lives.
