```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives appeared on Crimewatch Roadshow today, Wednesday 23rd September, to appeal for information over the murder of 25 year-old Leroy Ottey in Wavertree in 2018.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal for information following murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree in 2018
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-for-information-following-murder-of-leroy-ottey-in-wavertree-in-2018/
title: Continued appeal for information following murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree in 2018 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-for-information-following-murder-of-leroy-ottey-in-wavertree-in-2018/
```

11:24 23/09/2020

Detectives appeared on Crimewatch Roadshow today, Wednesday 23rd September, to appeal for information over the murder of 25 year-old Leroy Ottey in Wavertree in 2018.

At 10.40pm on Wednesday 17 October 2018, emergency services were called to Alderson Road to a report of a man in his 20s having been shot. Leroy was taken to hospital where he sadly died in the early hours of the following day.

Six people have so far been arrested on suspicion of murder, all of whom remain under investigation.

Almost two years on the investigation remains ongoing and we are continuing to appeal to any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Dave Jones, said: "This has been a difficult two years for Leroy's family who are still waiting to get justice for his death.

"We have made significant progress in the investigation but we know that there is somebody out there who has the answers to our questions

"We also know over time that people's loyalties change and two years on those with information may be more willing to come forward and share that information so that we can take positive action and take the person or people responsible off our streets.

"We want to ensure that everyone who was in and around Alderson Road at the time of the shooting has come forward and shared what they know. Were you there around 10.30pm, either passing by on foot or in a vehicle? Did you capture anything on dashcam, home CCTV or other devices and have not yet told us?

"We also want to trace the occupants of a black Audi which had its lights switched off and was seen to drive down Alderson Road towards Lawrence Roads at speed at around the time Leroy was shot. It is believed the same car was found burnt out at around 6.40am the following morning, Thursday 18th October, in Abbeystead Road in Childwall.

"We will act on all new information as a matter of urgency in order to see those responsible for Leroy's murder brought to justice. No matter how much time has passed, and if your allegiances have changed, we want to hear from you."

Anyone with information is urged to contact detectives via @MerPolCC or call 101 with reference 18400004063, where your information will be treated sensitively. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or pass information via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
