```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm the total number of calls yesterday, Tuesday 5th November, has decreased by 3.92% compared to the same period last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police operation continues over Bonfire Night
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/police-operation-continues-over-bonfire-night/
title: Police operation continues over Bonfire Night | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/police-operation-continues-over-bonfire-night/
```

10:34 06/11/2019

We can confirm the total number of calls yesterday, Tuesday 5th November, has decreased by 3.92% compared to the same period last year.

This year, the force recorded a total of 1445 calls between 2pm and 11pm compared to 1504 calls recorded during the same period last year which had risen from 1348 in 2017.

Reports of antisocial behaviour and criminal damage also saw a 2.34% decrease.

However, we did receive a number of reports of youths setting fireworks off unsupervised in Stockbridge Village, Leasome, Sefton Park, Bootle, Halewood which is worrying and could have resulted in serious injuries.

A total of 10 people were arrested for a variety of offences during last night's operation as well as 11 fireworks seized.

T/Superintendent Paddy Kelly said: "Every year we spend a lot of time planning and putting together an operational plan with our partners. This ensures we do everything we can to maintain the safety of those attending a Bonfire Night celebration, hosting their own firework display and of course, the public in general - and this year is no different.

"Despite receiving a number of calls regarding concerns for bonfires being built across Merseyside, overall we saw a reduction in the number of calls including reports of antisocial behaviour and criminal damage compared to last year.

"I am still however concerned about reports stating young people were seen throwing fireworks at properties and people. This is completely unacceptable behaviour that puts those committing the crime and innocent members of the public in serious danger. I want to reiterate that carrying or buying a firework under the age of 18 is illegal and selling them without a proper license is also illegal. Those that mess about with fireworks are stupid and could land themselves with a criminal record.

"As well as this, we worryingly had a report that a young person had been stabbed in St Helens, although not at a fireworks display, very close to one and this is hugely concerning given that there are children wondering around. Luckily, one person was arrested in relation to this and investigations are on going."

T/Supt Kelly continued: "I would however like to thank the vast majority of our communities for conducting themselves in a safe manor this Bonfire Night and sincerely hope those that chose to go to a firework display enjoyed it, and those who stayed at home, again had an enjoyable night. I'd also like to commend the work and dedication of all officers and staff, from both Merseyside Police and partner agencies over this extremely busy period."

Anyone with information on antisocial behaviour or criminal damage can contact police via @MerPolCC, calling 101 or reporting to @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
