```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Kirkby are issuing a further Dispersal Order today (Friday 13 March), due to anti-social behaviour in the Tower Hill area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Order in Tower Hill, Kirkby until Sunday following anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/dispersal-order-in-tower-hill-kirkby-until-sunday-following-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Dispersal Order in Tower Hill, Kirkby until Sunday following anti-social behaviour | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/dispersal-order-in-tower-hill-kirkby-until-sunday-following-anti-social-behaviour/
```

14:39 13/03/2020

Officers in Kirkby are issuing a further Dispersal Order today (Friday 13 March), due to anti-social behaviour in the Tower Hill area.

The Dispersal Zone has been authorised to run from 5pm today until Sunday 15 March at 5pm. The area covered is within the map, and includes Moorfields shops.

This order comes under Section 34/35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014 which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours.

If a person has been directed to leave the area and returns during the period of the dispersal notice, an offence will have been committed. Any breaches of this can lead to their arrest.

Community Policing Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "We recognise the impact anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we're determined to keep targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour. People going about their legitimate daily business have nothing to fear.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information on anti-social or criminal activity in their area to contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, and we will do the rest. Follow your local social media accounts @KnowsleyPolice on Facebook and Twitter."
