```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers on patrol in the Huyton area seized drugs and a knife following a number of stop checks last night, Tuesday 4th August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs, cash and knife seized during stop checks in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/drugs-cash-and-knife-seized-during-stop-checks-in-huyton/
title: Drugs, cash and knife seized during stop checks in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/drugs-cash-and-knife-seized-during-stop-checks-in-huyton/
```

11:14 05/08/2020

Officers on patrol in the Huyton area seized drugs and a knife following a number of stop checks last night, Tuesday 4th August.

In the first incident, at around 7.05pm, officers stopped a car on Huyton Lane. The car was searched and a quantity of cannabis and a lock knife was recovered.

A 27 year-old man from the Bolton area, who was the front seat passenger, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug x 2 and possession of a bladed article. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

In an unconnected incident, at around 8pm last night, officers saw a car travelling at excess speed on St Johns Road in Huyton. The car was stopped and officers spoke to the driver. During a search of the vehicle a binbag was located in the passenger footwell.

The bag was found to contain three large blocks bound in plastic packaging. The packaging was found to contain a compressed block of white powder. In total, there were two blocks of similar weight and appearance, which are believed to be cocaine. The third block was slightly smaller and appeared to be compressed brown powder, which is suspected to be heroin.

The driver was also in possession of several thousand pounds in cash, which was also seized.

A 57 year-old man from the Huyton area was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug (crack cocaine) and suspicion of possession of criminal property. He is currently in custody.

Knowsley Targeted Inspector Jon Coote said: "Thanks to the eagle eyes of our officers on patrol last night we were able to detain people and seize a quantity of drugs, cash and a knife.

"We know the misery that drugs and weapons cause on our streets and we are determined to take action wherever necessary.

"I would continue to ask our local community if they have information which could assist us."

Got information about drug dealing in your neighbourhood? DM @MerPolCC or @Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
