```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police have arrested 143 motorists on suspicion of drink and drug driving just under half-way through the month-long national Christmas campaign.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 140 arrested for flouting drink and drug driving laws so far
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/more-than-140-arrested-for-flouting-drink-and-drug-driving-laws-so-far/
title: More than 140 arrested for flouting drink and drug driving laws so far | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/more-than-140-arrested-for-flouting-drink-and-drug-driving-laws-so-far/
```

08:53 18/12/2020

Merseyside Police have arrested 143 motorists on suspicion of drink and drug driving just under half-way through the month-long national Christmas campaign.

Officers have so far arrested 52 people for drink driving and 91 people for drug driving.

At the same time last year, 140 people had been arrested for these offences.

Inspector Carl McNulty, head of the Roads Policing Unit, said: "It's incredibly disappointing that year on year people continue to drive while under the influence of drink or drugs and endanger the lives of others with their thoughtless, reckless behaviour.

"Our officers will continue to be out on the roads across Merseyside throughout this month proactively targeting motorists to ensure they are not flouting the driving laws.

"With the Christmas celebrations nearly upon us I want to take the opportunity to remind people that we all have a responsibility to keep each other safe.

"Your driving will be impaired by alcohol and drugs, it's as simple as that. I want to urge everyone to take on board our simple message this Christmas - avoid alcohol if you are driving, and if in doubt the morning after, do not drive. Don't risk it.

"The consequences of being caught can be long-lasting and life-changing - for yourself and for those around you. Drink or drug driving shatters lives."

Officers across Merseyside are vigilant in tackling drink and drug driving throughout the year, not just over the festive period.

During December officers will be continuing to conduct roadside tests morning, afternoon and evening.

Coordinator of the Merseyside Road Safety Partnership, Sarah English, added: "We're particularly concerned about the number of 'morning after' drink-drivers that have been arrested. It seems very likely that people over the limit at 8.30 in the morning - possibly on their way to work or dropping the kids to school - weren't thinking of themselves as drink-driving.

"We can't stress enough, just because you've slept since you were drinking, it doesn't mean the alcohol is out of your system, or that you're safe to drive. If in any doubt, don't get behind the wheel. We don't want to see people losing their lives, or their livelihoods, because they took a chance."

If you suspect someone you know is driving under the influence of drink or drugs, do the right thing and contact us @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

You can also follow our Roads Policing Unit @MerPolTraffic and the Merseyside Road Safety Partnership @Merseysidersp on Twitter for advice and updates @Merseysidersp.
