```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and dangerous driving following an incident in St Helens earlier this week (Monday 1 March).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle and dangerous driving - St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-theft-of-motor-vehicle-and-dangerous-driving---st-helens/
title: Man arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle and dangerous driving - St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-theft-of-motor-vehicle-and-dangerous-driving---st-helens/
```

14:07 03/03/2021

We have arrested a man on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and dangerous driving following an incident in St Helens earlier this week (Monday 1 March).

At around 3.25pm, police received reports of a a silver motorbike with two males on board on Hammond Street, being driven dangerously towards Sutton.

Supported by the National Police Air Service helicopter, officers were able to trace the bike to Smithfield Street.

The bike was seized by police and was found to have been reported stolen in the Wigan area last week.

A 19-year-old man from St Helens was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and dangerous driving. He has since been released under investigation.

Enquiries are ongoing and police are keen to trace the second man on the bike who is believed to have made off on foot from the scene.

Inspector Rob Budden said: "Driving in this manner puts other road users at risk and causes distress to those on the roads. The added demand this also places on emergency services is completely unacceptable at the current time when services are already stretched by Covid-19.

"We're pleased that this bike was found and a man is now under investigation following these disgraceful scenes on Monday. However, our investigations continue and we're reviewing helicopter, CCTV and other footage to help identify the other person believed to be involved. If you were in the area on Monday and saw or captured on dashcam any footage, we want to hear from you.

"As part of Operation Brookdale, we continue to have success in seizing bikes and prosecuting those who ride them dangerously and illegally. The more information you provide, the more action we can take."

Anyone with information or CCTV, dashcam or mobile phone, or has any information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or call @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 21000132794.
