```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers investigating incidents which left three men injured in Toxteth on Saturday have arrested three more people during warrants executed in Toxteth and Prescot this morning (Thursday 9 April).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Total of six now arrested after Toxteth incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/total-of-six-now-arrested-after-toxteth-incidents/
title: Total of six now arrested after Toxteth incidents | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/total-of-six-now-arrested-after-toxteth-incidents/
```

14:24 09/04/2020

Officers investigating incidents which left three men injured in Toxteth on Saturday have arrested three more people during warrants executed in Toxteth and Prescot this morning (Thursday 9 April).

It brings the total of people arrested in connection with the incidents to six.

At 9.54pm a report we received a report that a 19-year-old man had received multiple stab wounds to his head and chest on Carter Street, Toxteth. He was taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment.

At the same time we received another report of a 20-year-old man having been shot on Gwent Street, next to Berkley Park. A short while later the male self-presented at hospital with a gunshot wound to his hip.

Just 20 minutes later a report was received that a 17-year-old man was being treated by paramedics on Hatherley Close for a wound to his buttocks. It was later established his injuries were consistent with a firearms discharge and he remains in a stable condition in hospital.

All three have since been discharged form hospital after receiving treatment.

Following the incidents- which are believed to be targeted - a 20-year-old man from Picton was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 wounding, and a 17-year-old male from Toxteth and 27-year-old woman from Toxteth were both arrested on suspicion of affray and Section 18 wounding. They have been released on conditional bail.

And this morning, an 18-year-old man and a 47-year-old man, both from Prescot, and an 18-year-old man from Toxteth were all arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause injury and Section 18 wounding. They have been taken to police stations in Merseyside to be interviewed.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "Everyone has the right to feel safe in our communities, and we are determined to rid Merseyside of the threat weapons pose to ordinary people who may witness or even get caught up in incidents such as these.

"Offenders who pick up firearms and knives to settle their disputes have no place on our streets, and we will do everything in our power to put them before the courts and take their weapons out of circulation.

DCI Smith added: "This year we have continued to see the community come forward and help us investigate gun and knife crime, which has resulted in arrests and seizures.

"I encourage anyone who might be spending more time at home and in their community during the current travel restrictions to let us know if they become aware of something they suspect could be related to gun or knife crime."

"By sharing information with us, you have the capability to make a huge difference to the quality of life you and your neighbours can enjoy."

Anyone with information on the incidents or on where knives and guns are being stored can contact us directly via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre', or anonymously by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
