```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information and have made an arrest after a man was stabbed to the neck in Bootle on Saturday (6 June 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrest after stabbing in Bootle
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/arrest-after-stabbing-in-bootle/
title: Arrest after stabbing in Bootle | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/arrest-after-stabbing-in-bootle/
```

19:41 06/06/2020

We are appealing for information and have made an arrest after a man was stabbed to the neck in Bootle on Saturday (6 June 2020).

We were called to Summers Avenue, at its junction with Stewart Avenue, at 5.10pm where it was reported the victim - a 39-year-old man - had sustained a stab wound to the neck and lacerations to his arms and torso.

He has been taken to hospital for treatment where his condition is described as serious but not life threatening.

It was reported he had been assaulted in the street by one male, described as white and wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts.

Crime scene investigators are currently at the scene carrying out forensic examinations and detectives are conducting local enquiries and examining CCTV footage.

A 26-year-old woman from Litherland has been taken into custody after being arrested on suspion of Section 18 wounding and efforts to locate the male continue.

Detective Inspector Mike Dalton said: "Our enquiries into this incident are still at a very early stage and we are working hard to piece together what happened.

"The victim has been left with serious injuries, and we will do everything we can to find those responsible and put them before the courts.

"It is shocking to think that such a brutal act of violence could be carried out in daylight hours on a residential street. Offenders who carry and use knives and other weapons have no regard at all for either their victims or the people who live on the streets they carry out such attacks on.

"We are speaking to witnesses and continue to make house to house enquiries, but we want anyone who may have seen or heard any part of this incident, or heard who may be responsible, to contact us.

"You may have been driving in the Summers Avenue/Stewart Avenue area and seen part of the incident or the offender arriving or leaving. You may even have captured dashcam footage that may be significant.

"Whatever information you have, please do the right thing and speak to police or call Crimestoppers anonymously and we will do the rest."

Anyone who has information that could help detectives with their enquiries should contact the Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting log 20000328980, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
