```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Family tribute to Courtney Ellis from Haydock, who died following a fatal collision in St Helens on Saturday, 19 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further family tribute following fatal RTC in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/further-family-tribute-following-fatal-rtc-in-st-helens/
title: Further family tribute following fatal RTC in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/further-family-tribute-following-fatal-rtc-in-st-helens/
```

18:07 21/09/2020

Family tribute to Courtney Ellis from Haydock, who died following a fatal collision in St Helens on Saturday, 19 September.

Courtney's dad, Colin, has issued the following tribute:

"Courtney Ellis, my beautiful princess. You gained your angel wings way too soon and I still can't believe daddy's princess is no longer with us. You were a beautiful little girl who always had a smile on her face and would do anything for anyone. You had a heart of gold and cared so much about your family and friends and would put everyone else first. You had a fantastic sense of humour and would make anyone laugh even on their bad days. Your personality was one of the best and so many people loved you and are going to miss you.

"It brings me comfort to know she spent the last 8 months living with her nan (Rose) and grandad (Dave) where she was most happy and loved spending time, even from being young she always would like to spend time there.

"Dad, Paige (step mum), Skylah (step sister), Finley (step brother), Jade (cousin), Amy (cousin), Ella (cousin) Joanne (Aunty) and Uncle, Nan and Grandad are all finding it very hard to take in, and will miss Courtney so much."

An investigation is ongoing and anyone who witnessed the incident, or has CCTV or dashcam footage is asked to get in touch.

The two males arrested in connection with the incident have been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC or 101 quoting ref. 20000569277. Alternatively you can contact the Roads Policing Unit on 0151 777 5747 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
