```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are issuing a further appeal for information following two non-injury discharges in Kirkdale and Walton on Saturday, 25 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal following double non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkdale and Walton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/further-appeal-following-double-non-injury-firearms-discharges-in-kirkdale-and-walton/
title: Further appeal following double non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkdale and Walton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/further-appeal-following-double-non-injury-firearms-discharges-in-kirkdale-and-walton/
```

23:59 31/01/2020

 We are issuing a further appeal for information following two non-injury discharges in Kirkdale and Walton on Saturday, 25 January.

Officers were contacted at around 12.29am to reports that a property in Smeaton Street, Kirkdale, had been shot at causing damage to the property but no injuries.

A few minutes later at 12.32am another property in Wilburn Street, Walton, was shot at, again causing damage but no injuries.

Detectives are keeping an open mind as to whether the two incidents are linked.

Detective Inspector Sarbjit Kaur said: "Although no one was injured during the two firearms discharges, it is still frightening an innocent family with children have been caught up in something they had nothing to do with. It is unacceptable that a bullet should enter someone's home where they should feel safe and it is even more shocking that children live there and they could have been seriously injured or worse.

"We are putting everything we can into this investigation . We are interested in any vehicles you may have seen acting suspiciously around the time of the incidents and particularly in the area of County Road, L4.

"I would appeal to anyone with any information about either incident in Smeaton Street or Wilburn Street, to contact us as a matter of urgency as they may have information which is vital to this investigation.

"We want to remind the community that we are committed to tackling gun crime and we will continue to take action to protect our communities from individuals who use firearms recklessly with no thought for members of the public. In order to do this we need the help of the community so please come forward and help us bring the offenders to justice"

Information from the public is vital, anyone with information or dashcam footage is asked to contact us by calling 101 or DM us @MerPolCC quoting ref 023 and 025 of 25 January, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
