```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A 45-year-old woman was fined at Liverpool Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 23 February after pleading guilty to dangerous dog offences following an incident in November 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Liverpool woman fined for dangerous dog offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/liverpool-woman-fined-for-dangerous-dog-offences/
title: Liverpool woman fined for dangerous dog offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/liverpool-woman-fined-for-dangerous-dog-offences/
```

11:24 26/02/2021

A 45-year-old woman was fined at Liverpool Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 23 February after pleading guilty to dangerous dog offences following an incident in November 2020.

Sonija Hatton, of Livingston Drive South, Aigburth, was ordered to pay £2,000 compensation and given a community order for owning a dog which was dangerously out of control, causing injury to another dog.

The court has also put in place a number of conditions that the owner of the dog must adhere to. If these conditions are not met, the dog can be seized by police.

The conditions are:

1\. The dog must be walked on a double-ended lead attached to a harness and leather buckled collar and in a basket-style muzzle at all times when in a public place or place to which the public have access.
2\. The dog must be supervised by a responsible person over 18 years who is able to maintain control of it at all times when in a public place or place to which the public have access.
3\. The dog must not be left unsupervised in any private place with any person under 18 years, or any person who is not responsible and able to maintain control of it, unless kept within the confines of a secure enclosed area.
4\. The dog must not be left in a garden or any enclosed outside private area unless either (a) controlled by a lead and muzzle, or (b) the owner has ensured that the enclosed area is secured to prevent escape.
5\. The dog must be insured against third party risks within 28 days of the order and continually thereafter for the remainder of its life.
6\. The owner must ensure that any person left in control of the dog is made fully aware of the order.

At around 1.30pm on 17 November 2020, a Yorkshire Terrier was attacked on Livingston Drive South by a Bull Mastiff which had escaped from the back of a nearby property. The owner of the Yorkshire Terrier, a man in his 60s, was knocked over and suffered bite wounds to his hands and arms while trying to protect his dog. The Yorkshire Terrier was taken to the emergency vet before sadly dying from its injuries.

Community Policing Inspector Dave Uren said: "It is tragic that a dog owner has lost his companion in such cruel and unpredictable circumstances. While no amount of money can replace his dog, I hope the outcome in court can provide some closure on what happened that day.

"People who own or care for dogs should always make sure they are on a lead in public and should consider whether they need to be muzzled. It's also a good idea to get your dog micro-chipped so that it can always be traced if it is lost, or escapes.

"If you keep your dog in the garden, you must make sure that the fencing is properly maintained so they can't escape."

Report an out of control dog to us by calling 101 or contacting @MerPolCC on Twitter. More information about animal crime can be found at our website. Always call 999 in an emergency.
