```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following an injury shooting in Kirkby on Saturday evening (21 September 2019).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man shot in leg in Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/appeal-after-man-shot-in-leg-in-kirkby/
title: Appeal after man shot in leg in Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/appeal-after-man-shot-in-leg-in-kirkby/
```

12:05 23/09/2019

Detectives are appealing for information following an injury shooting in Kirkby on Saturday evening (21 September 2019).

Emergency services were called at about 8.50pm to reports at a man had been shot once in the leg and attended Wingate Medical Centre, on Glasven Road in Northwood.

The victim was taken to hospital where his condition is described as serious but stable, and his injury is not believed to be life-threatening.

Officers attended and enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of the incident, including the precise location of the shooting.

A forensic examination of the medical centre is taking place, house-to-house enquiries are being carried out in the area and officers will be looking to establish if there is CCTV footage which could help them identify the offenders.

Detective Inspector Holly Chance said: "The investigation into this incident is in its early stages and motive for the attack is currently unknown, but we are treating it as a targeted attack.

"We want to get a clearer picture of why it happened, and who is responsible and appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the incident, or who saw anyone acting suspiciously shortly before or after to come forward.

"If you were driving nearby and have a dashcam camera please check to see if you have picked anything up on the camera as it may be helpful to our inquiries and could assist us in identifying the offenders."

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any information which could help detectives with their inquiries, is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 1033 of 21 September or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
