```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after reports of a shooting in Seaforth last night, Monday, 28 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following firearms discharge - Seaforth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-firearms-discharge---seaforth/
title: Appeal for information following firearms discharge - Seaforth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-firearms-discharge---seaforth/
```

07:25 29/10/2019

We are appealing for information after reports of a shooting in Seaforth last night, Monday, 28 October.

At around 8.55pm, it was reported that two men on a bike, wearing dark clothing and facial coverings, fired shots at a car travelling on Claremont Road. Officers attended and damage was found to the car, consistent with a firearms discharge.

No one was injured during the incident.

Offices are in attendance carrying out house-to-house, forensic and witness enquiries, and providing reassurance to the community. High-visibility patrols have been stepped up and CCTV opportunities are also being explored.

Detective Chief Inspector, Martin Earl said: "An investigation is underway and we are working to establish the full circumstances at this early stage.

"This was an extremely reckless act and it is incredibly fortunate that nobody was injured. The use of firearms on Merseyside will not be tolerated and we will continue to be relentless in our pursuit of those who think gun crime is acceptable.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who has any information about this incident and would urge them to get in touch. If you saw or heard any suspicious behaviour in Claremont Road or the surrounding areas, or have any CCTV or dashcam footage from the area, please let us know so we can take action.

"We will put significant resources into finding out exactly what happened, and identifying those responsible. However, we cannot tackle gun crime on our own and the help of the communities is vital. If you have any information, no matter how small, please contact us."

You can contact us by messaging our social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 with reference 1011 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111
