```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested for drugs and burglary offences following a firearms warrant yesterday night.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs, money and cars seized in Liverpool warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/drugs-money-and-cars-seized-in-liverpool-warrant/
title: Drugs, money and cars seized in Liverpool warrant | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/drugs-money-and-cars-seized-in-liverpool-warrant/
```

13:50 13/01/2021

Three people have been arrested for drugs and burglary offences following a firearms warrant yesterday night.

Officers attended a property on Highbank Drive, Garston at around 11pm yesterday (12th January) following intelligence suggesting that weapons were being stored at the address.

Officers entered the property and detained three people inside.

During a search of the property, they recovered a large amount of cannabis, scales, snap bags, mobile phones, a quantity of cash and three car keys, suspected as being associated with stolen cars.

 * A 39 year old woman was arrested on suspicion possession of criminal property, possession with intent to supply cannabis and theft,
 * A 17 year old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, possession of criminal property and theft,
 * A 26 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, theft, possession of criminal property and three burglary offences in relation to incidents dating back to late 2020.

All three were taken to custody for questioning where they remain at this time.

Chief Inspector Tony Jones from the Force's Matrix Department said: "Serious violence on our streets, in our neighbourhoods or within the wider community is unacceptable and should never be something you put up with. Those involved in drug crime have no regard to the impact these substances have on vulnerable people and the financial and emotional pain that burglary can inflict on someone.

"Those who burgle people's homes can leave them living in fear but do not seem to care about the consequences of their actions. Similarly those who sell or encourage others to use or sell drugs can lead them down a slippery slope into more violent crime. If you store weapons or carry them with you, you put yourself, your families and the general public at risk of being hurt or worse.

"We do all we can to tackle all forms of serious violence and the crime that is associated with this - but we cannot do it alone. If you know someone involved in crime or are concerned that someone is being exploited or involved in gang crime, let us know."
