```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following an incident at a house in Bowland Drive in Litherland last night, Saturday 5th September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following incident in Bowland Drive, Litherland
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-in-bowland-drive-litherland/
title: Appeal for witnesses following incident in Bowland Drive, Litherland | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-in-bowland-drive-litherland/
```

16:51 06/09/2020

We are appealing for witnesses following an incident at a house in Bowland Drive in Litherland last night, Saturday 5th September.

At around 10.55pm two unknown males who were wearing face coverings and believed to be carrying shotguns forced entry into a property.

One of the males pushed a man who was in the property to the floor while the second male searched the upstairs of the property.

The second male then returned and shot one of the family dogs, a French bulldog, fatally wounding it. Nobody else was injured during the incident.

The males then made off on an electric scooter.

An investigation is underway and house-to-house and CCTV enquiries have been carried out in the local area.

One of the males is described as white, of medium build, and wearing a hooded black jacket, a black scarf covering his face and dark coloured North Face tracksuit bottoms. The second was also a white male of medium build wearing dark clothing and a black beanie-style hat and face covering.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area around Bowland Drive at around 11pm last night who saw anyone or anything suspicious to contact us.

"Similarly I would ask anyone who was driving around the area who may have captured something on dashcam footage to get in touch as they may have information which is vital to our investigation

"No person was injured during this incident but a dog was killed and the actions of these two individuals show they are clearly reckless with no regard for people's safety.

"Merseyside Police is committed to getting guns and the people who use them off the streets and we want the public to come forward and help us by telling us who they are."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 2000536833.
