```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have charged a 23 year-old man with attempting s18 wounding following an incident in Speke in which a brick was thrown through the rear windscreen of a police car.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Update: Officer injured after brick thrown at police car in Speke'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/update-officer-injured-after-brick-thrown-at-police-car-in-speke/
title: 'Update: Officer injured after brick thrown at police car in Speke | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/update-officer-injured-after-brick-thrown-at-police-car-in-speke/
```

09:13 12/02/2020

Updated News Post

****UPDATE**

** We have charged a 23 year-old man with attempting s18 wounding following an incident in Speke in which a brick was thrown through the rear windscreen of a police car.

Ryan Blake, of Hughes Street, Garston, was remanded into custody to appear at Liverpool and Knowsley magistrates court today (Wednesday).
 **

****ORIGINAL**

We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured while responding to an incident in Speke yesterday, Friday, 7 February.

Shortly before 3pm, an officer in a marked police car was travelling on Speke Road, near the junction with Horrocks Avenue when two males on an orange and black off-road bike approached the car and threw a brick through the rear windscreen.

The brick hit the officer, causing a non-life threatening head injury and the males on the bike made off in the direction of Lowbridge Court. The officer was taken to hospital for assessment.

CCTV, forensic and witness enquiries are ongoing and detectives are appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Debbie Tipton said: "To be the victim of such an incident while going about your job is disgraceful and we are carrying out a number of enquires to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"The reckless actions of these individuals could've had tragic consequences and it is only by sheer good luck that the officer involved wasn't more seriously injured. Emergency Services are on duty to assist members of the public every hour of every day and it is simply unacceptable for them to be subject to such behaviour.

"An investigation is ongoing and I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, saw a scrambler bike making off from the scene, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch."

If you have any information, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000082569 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
