```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today (Thursday 24 September), appealing for information following the assault and subsequent death of Terence Dunn in Norris Green last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: First anniversary of death of Terence Dunn
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/first-anniversary-of-death-of-terence-dunn/
title: First anniversary of death of Terence Dunn | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/first-anniversary-of-death-of-terence-dunn/
```

15:52 24/09/2020

We are today (Thursday 24 September), appealing for information following the assault and subsequent death of Terence Dunn in Norris Green last year.

A year ago today, Terence - known as Terry - died from injuries sustained in an attack on 18 June 2019.

He was seriously assaulted by a man, believed to be carrying a golf club on Wapshare Road, Norris Green at about 3.40pm that day.

The suspect was challenged by a member of the public and then ran off down a cut-through onto Kilrea Close, possibly making off down the loop line. He is described as white, 5ft 7in, of slim build, with blonde hair, wearing dark clothing with a hood up.

On 24 September 2019, emergency services were called to a home following the sudden death of 49-year-old Mr Dunn.

Following enquiries, three men aged 27, 28 and 46 were arrested on suspicion of murder and a 54-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. They have all since been released on conditional bail. An investigation into Mr Dunn's death remains ongoing.

Detective Inspector Tracey Martin said: "Terry's family have now endured a year without him and while I know the pain of losing him will be with them every day, I am sure today will be particularly difficult.

"Terry was well-known and liked in Norris Green, but for some reason it seems he was specifically targeted.

"We suspect the offender may have had a grudge against him and was trying to send a strong message. If you have heard anything locally about this, we would be keen to hear from you - any information, however small it may seem, could prove crucial for our enquiries.

"We are also continuing our search for another man, believed to be in his 70s, who we think may live locally and would have passed the man carrying a golf club (as seen on CCTV) on the day of the assault.

"Could this have been you? It is crucial if you know who this witness is, or if this was you, that you speak to us. Even if you do not remember the incident, but you are the person pictured, please come forward so we can continue piecing together this investigation.

"We are determined to find the person responsible for Mr Dunn's death and put them before the courts. His family deserve to know who is responsible for his death and we are committed to seeking justice for them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100319269 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
