```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Drugs, driving and firearms offences lead officers to make multiple arrests overnight during Operation Target deployments.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Multiple arrests made in evening of Op Target activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/multiple-arrests-made-in-evening-of-op-target-activity/
title: Multiple arrests made in evening of Op Target activity | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/multiple-arrests-made-in-evening-of-op-target-activity/
```

14:20 07/01/2021

Drugs, driving and firearms offences lead officers to make multiple arrests overnight during Operation Target deployments.

Officers across Merseyside yesterday (6th Jan) took to the streets in a proactive attempt to arrest those involved in serious violence and protect our communities.

Amongst others, seven people were arrested for more serious crime including possession of a firearm, possession of criminal property, knife and drugs offences.

Plain clothed officers from our Matrix Priority Crime Team first arrested four men on suspicion firearms and driving offences after they were stopped near Arncliffe Road.

Officers spotted the men, two of which were riding an electric bike at around 3pm. Here, they managed to stop one of them whilst one rode off and the two others made off on foot.

The detained 18 year old man was searched and found in possession of a loaded revolver style handgun and a large amount of cash. He was therefore arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm.

A further search of the area was conducted to try and locate the other three men - two of which, who are both in their late 20s, were located and one was found in possession of a sawn off shotgun. Both were arrested for firearms offences.

With the assistance of NPAS, the final man was also arrested and the electric bike was seized.

Op Target Officers elsewhere arrested a 19 year old girl after she was stopped on Flint Street and found in possession of a kitchen knife and cannabis.

Officers then headed to Dymoke Walk to conduct a drugs warrant following intelligence received that suggested a potential cannabis farm was being grown inside one of the properties. Officers forced entry into the property where they found the remains of the farm. A BB gun was seized and house to house enquiries are ongoing to establish the owner of the property.

Following this, at around 8pm, officers on patrol on Cheadle Avenue spotted a person riding a mountain bike who tried to ride off when he spotted the police car.

He was detained and searched where he was found in possession of five bags of cannabis. Not satisfied with his reasons for having the drugs, officers arrested the 17 year old boy on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

They then conducted a search of his address where they recovered a further 12 bags of cannabis and cash which was seized.

Lastly, on Sheil Road, officers stopped a car where inside they noticed a strong smell of cannabis.

The four occupants were searched and the passenger, a 26 year old man, was found carrying £3000 in cash. A further search of his home address was carried out where officers also found cannabis.

He was consequently arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property and possession of a controlled drug.

Inspector Andy Cunningham said "We're determined to take dangerous people, substances and weapons off our streets - it is therefore so important that the public work with us to report suspicious behaviour so we can keep you safe.

"If you suspect someone is involved in crime, no matter what, get in touch. It may start with petty crime but those involved in criminal activity can spiral into more serious violence and sooner or later the law will catch up with them."
