```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a high value burglary in West Derby on Friday 11 December between 6.45pm 8.30pm.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following burglary in West Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-in-west-derby/
title: Appeal for information following burglary in West Derby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-in-west-derby/
```

09:25 15/12/2020

We are appealing for information following a high value burglary in West Derby on Friday 11 December between 6.45pm 8.30pm.

At around 8.30pm occupants of a house in the Leyfield Road area returned home to find an offender had forced entry through the rear door.

The offender searched the property and a stole a number of items that had been bought as Christmas presents including an Apple watch in rose gold, a silver Apple Macbook, Tiffany earrings, a black iPhone 11 in a camouflage case and a brown Louis Vuitton backpack.

The offender also made off with numerous items of jewellery and watches, including three Tag Heuer watches, a Raymond Weil watch, three necklaces in a sterling silver box and a set of white gold diamond earrings.

The items taken are worth in excess of £10,000 and the jewellery has sentimental value.

An investigation is underway and CCTV and forensic enquiries have been carried out to help identify those responsible and help return the stolen items.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "To be the victim of burglary, particularly to have gifts taken at this time of year when we have all faced such a challenging time, is incredibly upsetting. We will do all we can to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"We are appealing for anyone who was in the Leyfield Road area of West Derby on Friday evening between 6.45pm and 8.30pm to contact us if they saw anything or anyone suspicious. Similarly it is vital that we find anyone who was driving or walking in the area who may have captured something, either on their mobile phone, or dash cam to get in touch.

"Through Operation Castle Merseyside Police is committed to finding the people responsible for committing crimes such as this and would urge anyone with information to come forward.

"I would like to remind the public to take extra precautions during the upcoming festive period to ensure your homes are safe and secure. Remember to check front doors, windows and garage doors and ensure your car keys are safely out of sight. It is especially important at this time of year, when Christmas presents may also be visible and the hours of darkness are longer."

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref 2000075337 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
