```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man in connection with firearms offences and seized cannabis and other items following warrants carried out in Toxteth this morning, Wednesday 12 August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested in connection with Toxteth shooting following warrants this morning
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/man-arrested-in-connection-with-toxteth-shooting-following-warrants-this-morning/
title: Man arrested in connection with Toxteth shooting following warrants this morning | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/man-arrested-in-connection-with-toxteth-shooting-following-warrants-this-morning/
```

13:31 12/08/2020

We have arrested a man in connection with firearms offences and seized cannabis and other items following warrants carried out in Toxteth this morning, Wednesday 12 August.

Three warrants were carried out in the Toxteth area and one in Old Swan. The activity is part of the investigation into a shooting in Gibson Road last Thursday, 6 August and other incidents and tensions in the L8 area.

This morning, a 31-year-old man from Toxteth was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life; criminal damage to a vehicle and possession of cannabis.

He has been taken to police stations for questioning by detectives. Officers remain in the area today carrying out further activity.

Detective Inspector Sabi Kaur from our Firearms Investigation Team said: "The activity today is part of extensive work we're carrying out to target and deter those who will bring firearms, violence and fear onto the streets. You will have seen, and continue to see, increased police activity in the area in coming days. I want to assure those in the area that this is all geared towards removing those people involved in serious and organised crime and their weapons from the streets. Tell us what you know and we will do the rest.

"We're also issuing an image of a motorbike believed to be linked to the shooting last week in Gibson Road in the hope that someone recognises this vehicle, has seen it, captured its movements on dashcam or CCTV, or knows where it is stored. It is a distinctive bike described as a 2011-2016 Kawasaki Z1000SX in green.

Liverpool Community Policing Superintendent Diane Pownall said: "We understand the deep fear and worry that serious incidents of violence and gun crime cause within our communities. These warrants, our wider disruption work and Section 60 orders are all done to protect the public, prevent any further incidents, and deter would-be criminals from operating.

"We work really closely with community leaders, business, residents and partners to ensure this action is communicated to those who live, work and visit the area, and we'll continue to do so.

"Such positive action is only possible due to information from those people affected, so if you know anything about recent incidents, or have any concerns, speak to our officers, tell us what you know and we'll keep taking the appropriate action."

Anyone with information on criminal activity in the area is asked to contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency.
