```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police officers from Merseyside yesterday (Friday, 8 January) carried out an operation in a bid to continue the crackdown on County Lines Organised Crime Groups (OCGs), responsible for cross border drugs supply and the criminal exploitation of young and vulnerable people.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers continue crackdown on County Lines
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/officers-continue-crackdown-on-county-lines/
title: Officers continue crackdown on County Lines | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/officers-continue-crackdown-on-county-lines/
```

11:10 09/01/2021

Police officers from Merseyside yesterday (Friday, 8 January) carried out an operation in a bid to continue the crackdown on County Lines Organised Crime Groups (OCGs), responsible for cross border drugs supply and the criminal exploitation of young and vulnerable people.

Project Medusa is a Merseyside-led initiative and officers have today targeted drugs supply within the Liverpool and Wirral area. Whilst officers will be patrolling main transport routes in Liverpool and the Mersey tunnels, in a bid to identify vehicles being used by individuals known to be involved in wholesale County Lines drug supply and exploitation.

Inspector Katie Wilkinson, said: "These County Lines OCGs are responsible for the widespread distribution of illegal drugs in other parts of the country including North Wales.

"The force's Project Medusa, which consists of different types of operational activity, continues to use a variety of tactics to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down these OCGs. This operation resulted in three men arrested for being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. Drugs and cash were seized, four vehicles were seized and a number of Covid-19 enforcements were issued.

"While our work hits the criminals hard, we are committed to protecting vulnerable members of society who may fall prey to organised crime gangs."

If you have any information about drug dealing in your area or are concerned about somebody who may be involved in County Lines, contact us, DM@MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK.
