```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are aware that some people are intending to come to the city to protest today and would urge them to think about the risk their actions pose to public health.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do the right thing this weekend and help to reduce the spread of Coronavirus
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/do-the-right-thing-this-weekend-and-help-to-reduce-the-spread-of-coronavirus/
title: Do the right thing this weekend and help to reduce the spread of Coronavirus | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/do-the-right-thing-this-weekend-and-help-to-reduce-the-spread-of-coronavirus/
```

12:51 07/11/2020

We are aware that some people are intending to come to the city to protest today and would urge them to think about the risk their actions pose to public health.

During this lockdown large gatherings, including protest, should not to be happening and the reason for this is so that we all work together to prevent further spread of the virus in our communities.

The majority of the people in the region are doing the right the thing and we would ask those who are intent on protest to think about how they could undo the good work of the many. We will respect an individuals right to protest, but during this four week lockdown we would urge protest organisers to adapt, like we all have over this year, and look at other ways of communicating their message, which doesn't put others at risk.

Until 2 December, people in England will only be allowed to leave their homes for specific reasons, such as education, work or food shopping. Schools, colleges and universities will remain open while those who cannot work from home, such as construction or manufacturing workers, will be encouraged to continue going to their workplaces. Pubs, bars and restaurants will close across the country, although they will be able to offer takeaway and delivery services. Full detail of the current restrictions can be found on the Government website here New COVID restrictions introduced on 5 November.

Chief Superintendent Paul White, said: "We all have a part to play during this four week period to try and reduce the spread of Coronavirus. Our colleagues in the NHS are doing their utmost to care for those who have been hospitalised by the illness and many people across the region have had first-hand experience of how debilitating and destructive this virus can be.

"For the safety of your loved ones, your neighbours and your wider community please do the right thing and heed the current restrictions. It is only four weeks and it could save many lives.

"We respect and support the right of people to demonstrate, but the current COVID-19 situation means that these type of gatherings pose a risk to public health and now is not the time. For this reason, if you are thinking about holding a demonstration or protest then we strongly advise you to reconsider and think about other ways of making your voice heard. This could include, for example, using social media or holding a virtual event.

"We will take action against any Individuals, or businesses, who fail to adhere to the current restrictions and are putting other people at risk."

Chief Superintendent White, added: "Yesterday hundreds of people who live and work in Liverpool queued up, in a socially distanced way, at the COVID testing centres, which are carrying out wholesale pilot programme in the hope that it will help to prevent and reduce the transmission the virus in our communities. Liverpool has led the way in so many things and by working together and doing the right thing we could all play a huge part in helping to drive down infection."
