```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Norfolk man who was sentenced to nine years in prison for sexual assault today, Thursday 6 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Paul John Britton sentenced to nine years in prison for sexual assault offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/paul-john-britton-sentenced-to-nine-years-in-prison-for-sexual-assault-offences/
title: Paul John Britton sentenced to nine years in prison for sexual assault offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/paul-john-britton-sentenced-to-nine-years-in-prison-for-sexual-assault-offences/
```

17:22 06/02/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Norfolk man who was sentenced to nine years in prison for sexual assault today, Thursday 6 February.

56-year-old Paul John Britton of Walnut Close, Foulden, Norfolk was charged with nine counts of sexual assault in 2007-2010 against a teenage girl, which took place in Wirral and North Wales.

The offences were reported to police in January 2018, following which an investigation was launched.

Britton was sentenced to nine years in prison today at Liverpool Crown Court after being convicted, and was ordered to sign on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Speaking after the case, Detective Constable Kevin Thomas said: "We are pleased that Britton has been robustly sentenced, following this detailed investigation. The victim in this case has shown immense courage in coming forward, and we hope that this case encourages other victims of sexual offences to speak to police or via dedicated partner agencies.

"We treat all allegations of sexual offences sensitively and with compassion, and our specially trained officers will ensure that victims are listened to, safeguarded and supported every step of what can be a difficult and lengthy process.

"Time is not a barrier to justice, so if anybody else is suffering in silence I want you to know that there is help and support available, both from Merseyside Police, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will stand with you from the initial report and for as long as you need."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
