```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that we are today, Saturday 30th January, investigating the unexplained death of a baby boy in Wirral.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation underway following unexplained death of baby boy in Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/investigation-underway-following-unexplained-death-of-baby-boy-in-wirral/
title: Investigation underway following unexplained death of baby boy in Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/investigation-underway-following-unexplained-death-of-baby-boy-in-wirral/
```

18:20 30/01/2021

We can confirm that we are today, Saturday 30th January, investigating the unexplained death of a baby boy in Wirral.

The body of the baby was found in a wooded area at the Brackenwood golf course on Bracken Lane in Bebington yesterday, Friday 29th January.

An extensive search of the area has now been carried out by specialist officers and an investigation is currently underway.

It is not clear at this stage when the baby died, how long the baby's body had been there or the cause of death. A post mortem is due to take place on Monday.

Detective Chief Superintendent Lee Turner said: "This is obviously a very distressing incident but I want the public to be reassured that we will do everything in our powers to investigate what has taken place. I would ask that people avoid speculating about what has happened until the full facts are known.

"At this stage, all we can say is that the body of what appears to be a full-term baby boy was discovered in a wooded area on the golf course yesterday and police were alerted.

"A post mortem will take place on Monday to establish how and when he died and how long his body was there before being discovered.

"Extensive enquiries are currently being carried out to trace the mother of the baby to check her welfare and offer any support. I would ask anyone who has any information which could assist us with that to contact us as a matter of urgency.

"I would also ask anyone who has any information which could further assist the investigation to contact us either by calling 101, DM @MerPolCC or anonymously via CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111."
