```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has issued a &#163;10,000 fine and closed down an organised music event in Anfield last night, Friday 25 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&#163;10,000 fine issued and music event closed down in Anfield'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/10000-fine-issued-and-music-event-closed-down-in-anfield/
title: '&#163;10,000 fine issued and music event closed down in Anfield | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/10000-fine-issued-and-music-event-closed-down-in-anfield/
```

10:41 26/09/2020

Merseyside Police issued a £10,000 fine and closed down an organised music event in Anfield last night, Friday 25 September.

At around 8.40pm, a report was received of a gathering of around 250 people at the Isla Gladstone Conservatory in Stanley Park. Officers attended and closed the event before issuing a £10,000 fine to the event organisers.

The crowd was dispersed and our enquiries continue through licensing.

Superintendent Chris Gibson said: "The vast majority of people who live and work in Merseyside will absolutely despair that such an event could be contemplated in our current circumstances. There were people in close proximity, and lays bare the organisers' blatant disregard for the serious health implications that this may now have for the most vulnerable people in our communities.

"We will continue to take swift and positive action this weekend and beyond, should any other similar events be reported to us. We have additional policing resources across Merseyside and, as they have been since the start of the pandemic, our officers will be out engaging with the public, encouraging people to adhere to the new restrictions, explaining why it is so important and where necessary we will take enforcement action.

"If you do not follow the instructions of officers, individuals risk being given a £100 fine, doubling up to a maximum of £3,200 if it is not paid. It's vital we take this action to deter the spread and reduce our increasing rate of infections.

"The sacrifices that the vast majority of our communities continue to make are our only path out of this serious situation, and we don't underestimate how difficult it is to keep going. But the people of Merseyside will have to come together, follow the new rules and act responsibly. It is simply the only way we can hope to return to some form of normality.

"We all have an increased responsibility to keep doing what we can to protect our loved ones and ourselves. If we don't, we risk more people in Merseyside catching this virus and the stark reality is we will see more deaths. We also risk the potential for more severe restrictions in future, which nobody wants to see. But by listening and following the rules, you are reducing the strain on the NHS and other emergency services, keeping yourself and others safe and healthy and protecting the ones you love."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings planned illegally, you can contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
