```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued CCTV footage and images of two men and one woman we want to trace following an assault in Liverpool city centre in the early hours of Sunday 24 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV footage issued after Liverpool city centre assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/cctv-footage-issued-after-liverpool-city-centre-assault/
title: CCTV footage issued after Liverpool city centre assault | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/cctv-footage-issued-after-liverpool-city-centre-assault/
```

12:32 15/11/2019

We have issued CCTV footage and images of two men and one woman we want to trace following an assault in Liverpool city centre in the early hours of Sunday 24 March.

At around 1.30am, two men were walking near Villa Romana on Wood Street when they passed a group of men and women. As they passed, they were assaulted by three men from the group resulting in them being left unconscious. They were taken to hospital for treatment to head injuries.

A 27-year-old man from Ellesmere Port was arrested at the scene on suspicion of assault and has since been released under investigation.

Detectives are keen to speak to the men and woman featured in the footage and images as they believe they have information which could assist the investigation.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "I would appeal to anyone who recognises the people in the footage to come forward.

"We have spoken to a number of witnesses following this incident, but we know Wood Street would have been very busy at the time.

"A number of people came to the aid of the victims and others were nearby when it took place, and we appeal to anyone who saw any part of this incident and haven't yet been in touch to contact police.

"Liverpool city centre is an extremely popular and safe place to go out and socialise, with a lively night time economy. Incidents such as this risk tarnishing that good reputation and will not be tolerated."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, or call 101 quoting reference 19100131172 or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
