```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have today, Friday 13th November, welcomed the sentencing of a Liverpool teenager for burglary and theft offences.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Castle: Teenager jailed for burglary and theft offences'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-castle-teenager-jailed-for-burglary-and-theft-offences/
title: 'Op Castle: Teenager jailed for burglary and theft offences | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-castle-teenager-jailed-for-burglary-and-theft-offences/
```

15:22 13/11/2020

We have today, Friday 13th November, welcomed the sentencing of a Liverpool teenager for burglary and theft offences.

Eddine Boubir, 19, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to two residential burglaries, two counts of allowing himself to be carried in a stolen motor vehicle, five counts of theft of a motor vehicle, one count of theft of a motor vehicle key and one count of aiding and abetting dangerous driving.

He also admitted a domestic assault and theft of a mobile phone and was sentenced to a total of two years and nine months.

The sentence brings the total to over 400 years in prison for burglary offences since the launch of Operation Castle.

Operation Castle was set up by Merseyside Police in February 2018 to identify the highest burglary threats, execute warrants, focus on outstanding named offenders and deter would-be offenders.

Detective Sergeant Darren Hankin, from the Operation Castle team, which targets burglars said: "Being a victim of burglary can cause a massive impact to the lives of those targeted and we're determined to keep the positive results coming.

"We regularly act on information from those communities affected and would continue to ask people to be vigilant and report anything suspicious. We'll act on all information provided.

"Due to the focussed activity of Operation Castle and the impact of COVID, burglary offences have decreased across Merseyside this year, and we'll continue to work proactively with communities and our partners to keep this progress going."

Always call 999 if a burglary is in progress. Anyone with information on burglary is asked to contact our dedicated hotline and email address on 0151 777 7926 or operation.castle@merseyside.pnn.police.uk.

You can also pass information to the social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 or you can call or the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
