```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been jailed at Liverpool Crown Court today (Thursday 11th June) after officers recovered a submachine pistol from a loft in a house in Everton in February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man, 28, jailed for five-and-a-half years after submachine pistol found in house
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-28-jailed-for-five-and-a-half-years-afte-submachine-pistol-found-in-house/
title: Man, 28, jailed for five-and-a-half years after submachine pistol found in house | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-28-jailed-for-five-and-a-half-years-afte-submachine-pistol-found-in-house/
```

12:36 11/06/2020

A man has been jailed at Liverpool Crown Court today (Thursday 11th June) after officers recovered a submachine pistol from a loft in a house in Everton in February.

Jake Rogan, 28 years, of Patmos Close, Everton has been jailed for 5 ½ years for possession of a prohibited weapon and two-and-a-half years for the ammunition, to run concurrently, after the weapon was found in his home during a warrant executed at about 2.30pm on Saturday, 15 February.

Rogan told officers the gun was in his loft and said he was minding it for someone.

Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson, said: "Anyone who stores such weapons - whether they use it themselves or pass it on to someone else - will know full well that one day they may be used to seriously hurt or even kill someone.

"This weapon could have caused very serious harm on the streets of Merseyside, and the fact we have taken this off the streets means it cannot do anyone any harm.

"Unfortunately the restrictions in place at the moment have not halted the activities of serious and organised criminals in Merseyside. So our efforts to take more out of circulation continue.

DCI Wilson added: "The force remains committed to tackling those involved in serious and organised crime, who think nothing of bringing fear and intimidation to the communities they live in, and has dedicated significant resources into taking weapons off our streets and offenders before the courts and ultimately behind bars.

"We will continue to use all the powers available to us, including stop and search, land searches, dispersal orders and warrants such as this one."

Anyone with information on gun crime and the storage of weapons is asked to contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
