```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 15 years for the rape of a woman in Liverpool City Centre in December last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 15 years for rape in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-15-years-for-rape-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Man jailed for 15 years for rape in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-15-years-for-rape-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

11:51 22/12/2020

A man has been jailed for 15 years for the rape of a woman in Liverpool City Centre in December last year.

Tinashe Mubereki, 23, of Willow Way, Liverpool was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, Monday 21 December.

The sentence follows an investigation into the rape of a woman in her 20s at a residence in Liverpool city centre in December 2019 during which the victim was forcible restrained before she was raped.

Following enquiries, Mubereki was charged with rape of a woman over 16 years of age and jailed yesterday.

T/Detective Inspector Laura Parr from Merseyside Police's Protecting Vulnerable People unit said: "This was a truly shocking incident, and the emotional pain Mubereki caused his victim will be long lasting.

"I would like to praise the bravery and courage of the victim, both for speaking to us to report the crime, and for the strength she has shown throughout the investigation and court process.

"I hope today's outcome will not only provide her with some comfort, but encourage other victims to come forward and have the confidence in us as a police force, and the judicial system, to take reports seriously and ultimately to ensure justice is done."

Det Insp Parr added: "Rape is a horrendous crime, which many victims understandably struggle to come to terms with. It can have a devastating effect on them for the rest of their lives, and there is no doubt this has had a significant impact on the young victim in this case over the past year. She will now have to live with this for her life.

"If you have been the victim of any sexual assault, I want you to know there is help and support available to you, both from Merseyside Police - where we have specially trained officers who will listen to you and treat you with sensitivity and compassion - and from reliable and trusted organisations and charities who will support you from your initial report and for as long as you need, right through the court process.

"I would urge anyone who has been victim of a rape or sexual assault to find it within themselves to tell someone they trust what has happened so that they do not continue to suffer in silence."

Anyone with information or wants to report a sexual offence is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801. In an emergency, always call 999.
