```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an injury shooting in Birkenhead last night (Tuesday 26 November) have arrested two males on suspicion of attempted murder.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrests following shooting in Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-arrests-following-shooting-in-birkenhead/
title: Two arrests following shooting in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-arrests-following-shooting-in-birkenhead/
```

18:03 27/11/2019

Detectives investigating an injury shooting in Birkenhead last night (Tuesday 26 November) have arrested two males on suspicion of attempted murder.

At 4.10pm on Tuesday 26 November, emergency services were called to the junction of Borough Road and Willmer Road to reports of shots being fired.

A short time later, a man was admitted to hospital with non life-threatening shoulder and leg injuries.

Following enquiries, a 19-year-old man from Wirral, and a 17-year-old male from Wirral, were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a firearm. Both males have been taken to a police station for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector John Williams said: "This investigation is still in the very early stages and we still need people to come forward with any information about the incident.

"Following the arrests, our enquiries continue. The incident took place on a busy street with members of the public present, and anyone who saw it will have understandably been horrified.

" I want to thank everyone who has come forward with information already. If you know anything and have yet to speak to us, do so now. No decent person wants to live and work near to such incidents and with your help, we will remove this risk.

"Yesterday, a day of action in Birkenhead saw the seizure of drugs and firearms. The key to taking harmful people, weapons and drugs off the streets is information. You can speak to us directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, and we will do the rest."

DM @MerPolCC or call 101, if you want to give any information anonymously call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or DM @CrimetoppersUK
