```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested a man and seized almost 200 cannabis plants spread across five rooms following an incident in Clubmoor yesterday, Tuesday 9 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and almost 200 cannabis plants seized following incident in Clubmoor
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-arrested-and-almost-200-cannabis-plants-seized-following-incident-in-clubmoor/
title: Man arrested and almost 200 cannabis plants seized following incident in Clubmoor | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-arrested-and-almost-200-cannabis-plants-seized-following-incident-in-clubmoor/
```

12:23 10/06/2020

Officers have arrested a man and seized almost 200 cannabis plants spread across five rooms following an incident in Clubmoor yesterday, Tuesday 9 June.

At around 4pm, officers on patrol in Grenfell Road sighted a man acting suspiciously near to an address. The man was seen to make off from officers, and was detained hiding in a bedroom.

Following a search of the property, a cannabis farm was found containing 198 plants across five rooms. Evidence was also found of electricity at the location being tampered with, which was made safe.

A 22-year-old man from Toxteth was arrested on suspicion of cannabis cultivation; abstracting electricity and illegal entry into the UK. He was taken to a police station for questioning.

Our Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT) today attended to seize the plants and equipment. Matt Brown, was heads the CDT, said: "This was another large cannabis farm with the worrying aspect of electricity abstraction. Such recklessness puts those who live and work nearby at risk of fire, as well the serious, violent crime we often see associated with such activity.

"As well as such outstanding proactive policing seen yesterday, we continue to act on all information we receive to deal with these dangerous locations in our community. It's thanks to those people who are alert to the signs that we have such success, and everyone can quickly make themselves familiar with how to spot cannabis being grown near you. Come forward and we'll do the rest."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

A video in which where Matt explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown where you live can be found here -

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
