```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from across the force have kick-started December as they mean to go on by seizing a number of weapons and making arrests linked to serious violence and associated crime.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Weapons seized overnight in bid to keep Merseyside #BladeFree'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/op-target-weapons-seized-overnight-in-bid-to-keep-merseyside-bladefree/
title: 'OP TARGET: Weapons seized overnight in bid to keep Merseyside #BladeFree | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/op-target-weapons-seized-overnight-in-bid-to-keep-merseyside-bladefree/
```

16:12 01/12/2020

Officers from across the force have kick-started December as they mean to go on by seizing a number of weapons and making arrests linked to serious violence and associated crime.

"As the Christmas period draws closer, we want to ensure our friends, family, colleagues and neighbours can enjoy the festive period. Therefore, we are determined as ever to take those involved in crime off our streets, seize dangerous weapons, destroy illegal substances and give our law-abiding citizens the justice they deserve. As part of this, #OpTarget teams will proactively be patrolling various areas day and night in our fight against crime, gangs and serious violence." Superintendent Jenn Wilson said.

Just after 5pm yesterday (30th November), two drugs warrants took place; one on Sienna Close and the other on Poplar Court.

Officers arrived to the first on Sienna Close where they detained a 38 year old woman and a 19 year old man.

Officers at the back of the property spotted the man attempt to throw a bag of cannabis out of the window before also trying to escape. Thankfully officers were there to catch him.

A search of the property resulted in the recovery of cannabis and other drugs paraphernalia, around £7,000 in cash as well as knives and machetes. Both the man and woman were arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, possession of a controlled drug (Class A) and possession of criminal property. They were taken to custody where they remain at this time.

The second warrant took place on Poplar Court. Forced entry was used to get inside the property where officers found the occupants attempting to flush cannabis down the toilet.

Three men, aged 35, 32 and 25 were detained along with a large amount of cannabis and over £1,000 in cash. An additional amount of cannabis was also recovered during a thorough search of the toilet!

All three were arrested for possession with intent to supply drugs and possession of criminal property.

Later that evening, officers from our Matrix team stop checked a 17 year old boy on Western Avenue, Roby. The boy, who was riding an electric bike at the time, was found carrying a large knife and a quantity of suspected cocaine and heroin. He was arrested for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of an offensive weapon and taken to custody for questioning.

Following this, officers from our Knowsley team conducting a high vis patrol in Stockbridge Village stop checked an Audi A3 on Plum Tree Close where they discovered drugs paraphernalia and suspected cocaine.

Two men aged 22 and 32 who were inside the car were consequently arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply (Class A) and also being concerned in the supply of a controlled Drug (Class A).

A search of two addresses linked to the men have since taken place yesterday (30th Nov) and this morning (1st Dec) where officers found a large sum on money, a number of knives and a quantity of Class A drugs. An investigation into this is ongoing.

Two other men were arrested on suspicion of affray, assault and possession of an offensive weapon following an incident on St Johns Road, Huyton earlier on in the day. Following an additional search of a property on Hatfield Gardens, officers seized a baseball bat and machete.

Elsewhere, a 16 year old boy was stopped on Melling Road, Aintree after he attempted to run away from officers and dispose of his bag in the process. He and the bag, which was located by officers in a nearby garden, were searched and inside the bag, officers recovered a lock knife and cannabis.

The boy was arrested on suspicion of theft of a pedal cycle, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of a controlled drug and taken to custody. This investigation has now been passed to the Youth Offending Team.

Our last arrest came in the early hours of this morning (1st December) by officers on patrol in the Rock Ferry area.

Whilst on Crofton Road, officers noticed the sound of fans and strong smell of cannabis coming from one of the properties. They confronted the occupier who quickly admitted to having a cannabis farm inside. He was therefore arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis.

A search of the property recovered the farm inside the front bedroom and loft. A scene was kept overnight for additional searches, forensic examination and destruction of the plants.

Supt Wilson continued: "I hope the arrests made last night, into this morning and over the course of this month show the public that we are doing everything we can to keep them safe. These arrests provide a glimpse into the crime we deal with on a daily basis and we hope to empower our communities to report crime and allow us to investigate.

"But, it isn't all about arresting people, we also want to educate young people to not get involved in crime in the first place. We often spend a lot of time visiting and speaking to students and teachers as seen in Sefton yesterday to offer support and guidance around knife crime and crime in general.

 "Additionally, in partnership, the 'Our Merseyside' movement has been launched with the first campaign being #BladeFree, focussed on deterring people from carrying and using knives/weapons as well as the Merseyside Violence Reduction Partnerships 'Eyes Open' campaign which looks at encouraging people to spot the signs of child criminal exploitation.

"To find out more, visit the website, show your support and sign up to advertise your club/organisation - Together, we can make sure Merseyside is a safe place for all those living and growing up here."
