```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested eight people following an illegal gathering at the Britannia Hotel Pub on Hopwood Street, Vauxhall.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Illegal gathering in pub leads to eight arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june2/illegal-gathering-in-pub-leads-to-eight-arrests/
title: Illegal gathering in pub leads to eight arrests | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june2/illegal-gathering-in-pub-leads-to-eight-arrests/
```

15:37 22/06/2020

Officers have arrested eight people following an illegal gathering at the Britannia Hotel Pub on Latimer Street, Vauxhall.

We were called to the pub at around 12:30am this morning (22nd June) to reports that over 100 people had gathered at the location and were playing loud music and causing a disturbance to those living nearby.

A number of people had barricaded themselves inside the pub and started throwing beer and other items at the police as they arrived at the scene. Thankfully no officers were seriously harmed and were able to arrest seven men and one woman (aged between 21 and 33) for violent disorder and drugs offences.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "This is appalling behaviour and saddens me to see officers being put at risk from those flouting government guidelines. Restrictions have been eased but by no means is this pandemic over and nor should we treat it like it is.

"Regardless of the current climate, throwing things at officers will never be accepted. Eight people were arrested and prosecution is likely. If government advice had been followed, we wouldn't have had to attend this gathering and our resources could have been better used elsewhere.

"I hope those who both hosted and attended this event think twice about their actions and will avoid these gatherings in the future.

"In regards to the premises license, officers have been in conversations with the landlord, premises Licence Holder and Council. The premises Licence has been surrendered this afternoon. I hope this also shows others in this industry that we will actively seek closure orders or reviews where necessary and those responsible will face punishment."

Anyone with information on those hosting or attending these unlicensed events should contact us at @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously.
