```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have authorised the third Section 60 stop search order in three days in Kirkby following a recent shooting and tensions in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 order for third day in Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-for-third-day-in-kirkby/
title: Section 60 order for third day in Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-for-third-day-in-kirkby/
```

13:12 13/03/2020

Officers have authorised the third Section 60 stop search order in three days in Kirkby following a recent shooting and tensions in the area.

The order - giving officers enhanced powers to stop and search suspects - is in place between 10am today (Friday 14 March) and 2am tomorrow (Saturday 14 March).

Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 allows a police officer to stop and search people without suspicion.

The map for the latest Section 60 order is attached and the boundaries are the M57, East Lancashire Road, Moorgate Road, Lees Road across to Dale Lane, Pingwood Lane, to Hall Lane and across to junction Bank Lane (A506) and Prescot Road (B5192), Prescot Road, Glovers Brow and across to Kirkby train station line to M57.

Community Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "We have had successful Section 60 orders in place covering the same area over the past two days, and yesterday seized a flick knife in Southdene as well as gathering intelligence.

"The orders have been in response to incidents of criminal damage in the area as well as a shooting on Chesterfield Drive on Friday, and in the past week we have received intelligence from the community about tensions in the area, often while our officers have been out on patrol.

"Section 60 orders have proved not only to be an effective tool to arrest offenders and seize weapons and drugs, they also send a very clear message to anyone intent on causing harm in their community that our officers are out on the streets with the powers to disrupt them, which can serve as a very powerful deterrent.

"These orders are not aimed at normal people going about their daily business, who I hope will see this activity not as something to fear, but as a strong source of reassurance. I am grateful for the patience, understanding and support shown by the Kirkby community as we take this action.

"We continue to patrol and have a visible presence in all areas of Merseyside that require our attention and action.

"I would urge anyone with information on the incident to come forward and speak to us, either directly or via @MerPolCC, 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. We will act on all information to remove those who cause harm from your streets."
