```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have charged a man with a number of offences following an incident on Sunday, 3 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Carl Mercer charged with firearms offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/carl-mercer-charged-with-firearms-offences/
title: Carl Mercer charged with firearms offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/carl-mercer-charged-with-firearms-offences/
```

15:10 05/11/2019

***UPDATE - TUESDAY, 5 NOVEMBER*

We have charged a man with a number of offences following an incident on Sunday, 3 November.

At around 5.30pm, enquiries were carried out at an address in Litherland. Following a search of the premises, suspected heroin, a 9mm pistol and ammunition were found.

46-year-old Carl Mercer from Litherland has been charged with possession of a firearm, possession of ammunition, possession of heroin and possession with intent to supply cannabis. He has been remanded in custody to next appear at Liverpool Crown Court on Tuesday, 3 December.

**

We have arrested a man on suspicion of firearms offences following the recovery of a gun and ammunition in Litherland yesterday, Sunday 3 November.

At around 5.30pm, enquiries were carried out at an address in Litherland. Following a search of the premises, suspected heroin, a 9mm pistol and ammunition were found.

A 46-year-old man from Litherland was arrested on suspicion of possession of controlled drugs, possession of a firearm and ammunition and taken to a police station for questioning.

Matrix Chief Inspector Andy Rankine said: "This is another weapon removed from the streets of Merseyside, and one with ammunition, which clearly could have been used to cause fear, harm or serious injury.

"Our significant response to recent firearms incidents continues, and we're determined to continue taking positive action on all information we receive to remove those who store and use dangerous weapons in our communities.

"If you see or hear anything, come forward and let us do the rest. You can contact us directly via @MerPolCC or 101, or provide information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
