```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Community Policing officers in Everton have authorised a dispersal zone as a response to increased reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in the Jennifer Avenue area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Zone brought in following reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in Everton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/dispersal-zone-brought-in-following-reports-of-anti-social-behaviour-and-crime-in-everton/
title: Dispersal Zone brought in following reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in Everton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/dispersal-zone-brought-in-following-reports-of-anti-social-behaviour-and-crime-in-everton/
```

15:41 24/01/2020

Community Policing officers in Everton have authorised a dispersal zone as a response to increased reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in the Jennifer Avenue area.

The zone, which will be in place from 4pm today (Friday 24 January) until 4pm on Sunday (26 January), includes the area mapped.
This comprises the area bounded by Great Homer Street, A5034 Boundary Street East, Scotland Road, Wilbraham Street and back along Great Homer Street to its junction with Boundary Street East (A5034).

The order comes under Section 34/35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014 which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to leave the area for up to 48 hours.

If a person has been directed to leave the area and returns during the period of the dispersal notice, an offence will have been committed.

Any breaches of this can lead to their arrest.

Community Policing Inspector Graeme Rooney said: "This dispersal zone is a response to recent issues we are aware of in this part of Everton. We had reports of criminal damage and nuisance caused by youths in the area, targeting businesses in the community. We recognise the impact that anti-social behaviour has on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people involved in this type of behaviour for the next 48 hours.

"To the vast majority of law-abiding members of the community, I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
