```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested three people and seized around &#163;100,000, vehicles and a watch following an incident in Maghull yesterday afternoon, Thursday 19 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested and &#163;100,000 cash, watch and vehicle seized following incident in Maghull
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-arrested-and-100000-cash-watch-and-vehicle-seized-following-incident-in-maghull/
title: Three arrested and &#163;100,000 cash, watch and vehicle seized following incident in Maghull | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-arrested-and-100000-cash-watch-and-vehicle-seized-following-incident-in-maghull/
```

09:50 20/11/2020

We have arrested three people and seized around £100,000, vehicles and a watch following an incident in Maghull yesterday afternoon, Thursday 19 November.

At around 4.30pm, a male was sighted by Matrix officers riding an electric bike on Northway, Maghull, reportedly in an erratic manner and weaving in and out of traffic. He was detained on Liverpool Road South and the bike seized.

A 15-year-old boy from Great Altcar, Lancashire was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and other driving offences and taken into custody. He has since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

A further search of an address in Lancashire resulted in around £100,000 in cash being found. This was seized, along with a Rolex watch, Land Rover, Ford Transit van, two Jaguar vehicles, and six off road bikes.

A 39-year-old man and a 35-year-old woman, both from Great Altcar in Lancashire, were arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property and have been taken into custody for questioning.

Matrix Priority Crime Team Inspector Andy Cunningham said: "The criminal and anti-social use of bikes will not be tolerated on our streets, and can cause fear, alarm and catastrophic road traffic collisions. Our enquiries continue into this incident and the items subsequently seized. We'll continue to be proactive to maintain the safety on our roads, and to target any associated criminality.

"Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. You can also pass information on directly or anonymously through Crimestoppers, and we take positive action."

If you have information on the criminal or anti-social use of any vehicles on Merseyside, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
