```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating violent disorder near to Anfield football ground in July are welcoming the sentencing of three men today, Monday 2 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men sentenced for violent disorder near Anfield Football Ground
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-men-sentenced-for-violet-disorder-near-anfield-football-ground/
title: Three men sentenced for violent disorder near Anfield Football Ground | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-men-sentenced-for-violet-disorder-near-anfield-football-ground/
```

17:39 02/11/2020

**^L to R: Duggan, Robinson and Duffy**

Detectives investigating violent disorder near to Anfield football ground in July are welcoming the sentencing of three men today, Monday 2 November.

At around 11.25pm on Wednesday 22 July, disorder broke out between groups in the Walton Breck Road area, which included fighting and bottles being thrown. The groups dispersed a short time later and extensive CCTV and witness enquiries were carried out. The three men were arrested following warrants carried out in September.

The following men were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court:

William Duggan, 21, of Broadfield Avenue, Beechwood, Birkenhead was sentenced to 12 months in prison for violent disorder.

Jake Robinson, aged 20, of Glenfield Close, Beechwood, Birkenhead was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment in a young offenders institute.

Jake Duffy, aged 20, of Arley Close, Beechwood, Birkenhead was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment in a young offenders institute.

All three were also issued with football banning orders for seven years.

Speaking following the sentencing, Detective Constable Nicholas Glascott-Tull said: "It is pleasing to see the courts deal with these three violent and reckless men, who were clearly intent on causing trouble following Liverpool FC's trophy lifting ceremony.

"Although there was a large gathering of supporters on the night, very few incidents were reported outside the ground and in the wider Anfield area. However, it later came to light that there was this flashpoint involving a small number of people at around during which punches were thrown, and objects were launched between groups of people.

"Those and any violent incidents cause fear, danger and damage the reputation of this city, and will never be tolerated.

"As our appeals and twenty plus arrests from the earlier Pier Head disorder demonstrate, we will carry out thorough and patient enquiries to find those responsible and put them before the courts.

"As we remain in Tier 3, such large gatherings bring the continued risk of spreading this infection and bringing more lockdown measures in the city and beyond. Fans will be able to celebrate sporting successes properly when it is safe to do so."
