```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'We can confirm a gym in Moreton has been fined and ordered to close after opening despite the introduction of legislation prohibiting gyms from opening in the Liverpool City Region.


    Unarmed officers were called to Body Tech Fitness on Pasture Road, Moreton at around 8.35am today by a member of the public who was concerned that the gym had opened in contravention of the new coronavirus legislation.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fixed Penalty Notice - Body Tech Fitness, Moreton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/fixed-penalty-notice---body-tech-fitness-moreton/
title: Fixed Penalty Notice - Body Tech Fitness, Moreton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/fixed-penalty-notice---body-tech-fitness-moreton/
```

08:54 15/10/2020

We can confirm a gym in Moreton has been fined and ordered to close after opening despite the introduction of legislation prohibiting gyms from opening in the Liverpool City Region.

Unarmed officers were called to Body Tech Fitness on Pasture Road, Moreton at around 8.35am today by a member of the public who was concerned that the gym had opened in contravention of the new coronavirus legislation.

Officers visited the premises and warned the owner to close.

Upon returning later today, the gym remained open and a fixed penalty notice was issued ordering the owner to pay a £1,000 fine, and he was ordered to close immediately.

Chief Superintendent Claire Richards said: "We understand that people are frustrated with the current situation and for a number of local businesses, including the fitness and leisure industry, this will be particularly hard.

"It's not that long ago that gyms reopened their doors after lockdown and they did so after making huge changes to the way they work for the safety and protection of their customers.

"But while this lockdown does present huge challenges, the focus of us all should now be on preventing the spread of the virus and getting us back to normality as safely and as quickly as possible.

"The new restrictions have been brought in to try to achieve that, and if we don't act decisively and collaboratively, the impact could be harder and last even longer.

"We will therefore continue to encourage members of the public and businesses to adhere to the guidance, explain why they should and - as in this case - use enforcement where there are clear breaches of legislation."
