```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives from Operation Castle, our ongoing response to burglary across Merseyside, are welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral teenager today, Monday 5 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP CASTLE: Wirral teenager sentenced to two years detention for burglaries'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-castle-wirral-teenager-sentenced-to-two-years-detention-for-burglaries/
title: 'OP CASTLE: Wirral teenager sentenced to two years detention for burglaries | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-castle-wirral-teenager-sentenced-to-two-years-detention-for-burglaries/
```

16:17 05/10/2020

Detectives from Operation Castle, our ongoing response to burglary across Merseyside, are welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral teenager today, Monday 5 October.

18-year-old Kelvin Franklin of Water Street, Egremont was sentenced to 24 months in a Young Offenders Institution at Liverpool Crown Court.

Franklin was arrested in August this year in Cheshire, and following enquiries, was charged with and subsequently found guilty of two burglaries in Wirral.

In late July, entry was gained to a home in Upton and cash stolen. In early August, entry was gained to a home in West Kirby and keys for a Toyota Yaris stolen, a phone and the vehicle.

Detective Inspector Steve Ball, who heads the Operation Castle team, spoke after sentencing: "This is a pleasing result and removes from the streets an individual in Franklin who was responsible for two burglary offences earlier this year, both of which caused understandable upset and distress to the victims.

"Hopefully this period behind bars will act as a deterrent to any future criminal activity, and Franklin will reflect upon the harm he has caused.

"Being a victim of burglary can cause a massive impact to the lives of those targeted, and we're determined to keep such positive results coming.

"We regularly act on information from those communities affects, so come forward if you know anything about suspected burglary and the sale of stolen goods where you are. We'll act on all information provided. Due to the focussed activity of Operation Castle and the impact of COVID, burglary offences have decreased across Merseyside this year, and we'll continue to work proactively with communities and our partners to keep this progress going."

Always call 999 if a burglary is in progress. Anyone with information on burglary is asked to contact our dedicated hotline and email address on 0151 777 7926 or operation.castle@merseyside.pnn.police.uk. You can also pass information to the social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 or you can call or the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111. #OpCastle and #BeatTheBurglar
