```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested two teenagers following reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in the Northwood area of Kirkby on Sunday, 14 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made following criminal damage in Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/arrests-made-following-criminal-damage-in-kirkby/
title: Arrests made following criminal damage in Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/arrests-made-following-criminal-damage-in-kirkby/
```

18:12 16/02/2021

We have arrested two teenagers following reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in the Northwood area of Kirkby on Sunday, 14 February.

At around 4pm patrols who had responded to an unconnected incident on Sanderling Road returned to their vehicle to find it had been damaged. It is believed that the wing mirror of the police car had been struck deliberately.

Officers were also threatened and subject to verbal abuse by a number of youths who made off on foot from the scene.

At around 5.30pm, it was reported that four male youths had jumped on a silver Ford Fiesta parked on Bigdale Drive, smashing the windscreen, before making off on foot towards Daleside Road.

It was later reported around 6.50pm that two car windows had been smashed in a car park on Roughwood Drive.

Following information from the local community, police today (Tuesday 16 February) arrested a 15-year-old male on suspicion of criminal damage to a motor vehicle and a Section 4 Public Order offence. He is currently in custody and will be questioned by officers.

This is in addition to the arrest of a 13-year old male yesterday (Monday 15 February) in connection with the incidents.

Initial investigations indicate that the same group of youths were involved in the incidents on Sanderling Road and Bigdale Drive.

Enquiries are ongoing to identity any further individuals responsible.

Community Inspector David Morgan said; "At Merseyside Police we will not tolerate verbal and physical abuse of our officers who put themselves in harm's way day in, day out to keep our communities safe.

"Similarly we will not tolerate any attacks on police cars which could put a vital vehicle out of action and leave our officers unable to respond to emergency calls.

"Such attacks are criminal and could have serious or fatal consequences. To those committing these stupid acts of criminality I ask: how would you feel if, in an emergency, a police car wasn't able to get to your house, to your grandparents house, to your loved ones house and they were left to suffer simply because a patrol car was now unsuitable to drive due to the windows being smashed? I'm sure you would soon reconsider your actions.

"I'd also encourage all parents and guardians of young people to know where they are, who they are with, what they are doing and making sure they are abiding by Covid rules.

"I would like to reassure our community in Kirkby that police are doing all we can to work to find those responsible for the incidents on Sunday evening. We know how concerning anti-social behaviour can be for the community, particularly vulnerable and elderly people, and we will not tolerate it under any circumstances. I'd strongly encourage members of the public to report incidents of anti-social behaviour to the police as when we receive information we will take action."

Anyone with information about the incidents in Kirby on Sunday evening is asked to contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 21000097828.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. Follow @MerPolKnowsley on Twitter and 'Knowsley Police' on Facebook for news, advice and events.
