```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Working alongside the RSPCA, we&#39;re appealing for information following two incidents of birds being shot and killed by air weapons in Stadt Moers Park, Whiston.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police and RSPCA appeal for information following incidents in Stadt Moers Park, Whiston
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/merseyside-police-and-rspca-appeal-for-information-following-incidents-at-stadt-moers-park-in-whiston/
title: Merseyside Police and RSPCA appeal for information following incidents in Stadt Moers Park, Whiston | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/merseyside-police-and-rspca-appeal-for-information-following-incidents-at-stadt-moers-park-in-whiston/
```

15:18 05/05/2020

Working alongside the RSPCA, we're appealing for information following two incidents of birds being shot and killed by air weapons in Stadt Moers Park, Whiston.

On Tuesday 28 April, a swan was shot and found with a pellet lodged in its head, and had to be put down. The incident was not reported to police at the time but the RSPCA is investigating.

Yesterday (Monday 4 May), a park ranger informed officers that a coot had been found deceased with a pellet lodged in its thigh.

Enquiries are ongoing to identify those responsible.

Community Policing Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "These are appalling incidents to have taken place in one of our parks, and have understandably caused anger within the community. I'd implore anyone with information to do the right thing and come forward.

"We have been and will continue to provide extra attention to the park, with this issue and our regular patrols to ensure that social distancing guidelines are being respected. You may have seen suspicious individuals or groups in the park when carrying out your daily exercise in recent days, or indeed witnessed these despicable acts of cruelty.

"Tell us what you know, pass on any images or footage you may have captured, and we can remove these threats from a valuable place for peace and relaxation."

A spokesperson for the RSPCA said: "These are concerning incidents. It's an offence to kill or injure a wild bird, not to mention a really cruel and horrible thing to do. We're appealing to anyone who may have any information, no matter how small, to get in touch. They can leave a message in complete confidence by contacting the police or ourselves on 0300 1234 999."

You can report information via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre', with reference 20000251574 (April incident) or 20000258902 (May incident), or call the RSPCA Inspector Appeal Line on 0300 1238018.

ENDS
