```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Sefton Area Commander Superintendent Graeme Robson issues updates to the community following incidents in Sefton in recent days:\n\n\u201CI know we&#39;re all currently living in an extremely unsettling time due to COVID-19 and we understand that this, accompanied with the extra worry of serious violence and crime, means that our communities are quite rightly concerned about their own safety.\n\n\u201CWe&#39;ve seen two fatalities in Sefton as well as firearms discharges which are undoubtedly all extremely serious and worrying incidents. We however, remain committed to thoroughly investigating all reports of crime and hope the community continue to help us by providing information so we can bring dangerous people to justice. This behaviour is completely unacceptable and should not be tolerated by the wider law abiding public.&quot;"
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: We want to protect our communities against serious violence in Sefton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/we-want-to-protect-our-communities-against-serious-violence-in-sefton/
title: We want to protect our communities against serious violence in Sefton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/we-want-to-protect-our-communities-against-serious-violence-in-sefton/
```

15:29 14/04/2020

Sefton Area Commander Superintendent Graeme Robson issues updates to the community following incidents in Sefton in recent days:

"I know we're all currently living in an extremely unsettling time due to COVID-19 and we understand that this, accompanied with the extra worry of serious violence and crime, means that our communities are quite rightly concerned about their own safety.

"We've seen two fatalities in Sefton as well as firearms discharges which are undoubtedly all extremely serious and worrying incidents. We however, remain committed to thoroughly investigating all reports of crime and hope the community continue to help us by providing information so we can bring dangerous people to justice. This behaviour is completely unacceptable and should not be tolerated by the wider law abiding public.

"I hope those living in Sefton can find some reassurance knowing arrests have been made in connection with both of these tragic murders, and those arrested remain under investigation. Our policing activity will continue in the coming weeks to ensure government guidelines are being adhered to, our communities have the confidence to speak openly with us and the public are not being plagued with those intent on causing fear in our communities.

"I particularly want to assure those living in Litherland, Seaforth and the wider Sefton area that we will continue to target those we suspect are involved in serious and organised crime. We're in the area today carrying our extensive enquiries in relation to the stabbing yesterday, and will continue to carry out warrants, seizures and arrests.

"Vital to this activity as always is people who live locally and know what is behind these incidents. To those staying at home or still out and about, working and making essential journeys, keep telling us what you know and we will keep sharing these positive results."

Over the past few weeks alone we have made a number of arrests including a 41 year old man and 31 year old woman who were arrested today (14th April) on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs after the van they were driving was stopped on Stanley Road, Bootle. Inside the van, 14 bin bags full with cannabis were found. The pair have been taken to custody.

Earlier in the month, a 37 year old man from Liverpool for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and drug driving. Officers stopped his Ford C-Max on Seaforth Road and he was detained for a drug search. Here, suspected heroin, cocaine and cash were found. Following a search of his home address, a CS spray canister was also seized. He was taken to a police station for questioning.

We've also seen criminals put before the courts including Mark Francis Angus who was charged after a staff member at Tesco in Birkdale was assaulted. Mr Angus, 44, of Belmont Street, Southport will appear at South Sefton Magistrates Court on 24 June.

Additionally, Local Policing Officers in Sefton last month secured the very first juvenile gang injunction against a 17 year old boy. The injunction stated various conditions including not associating with other named individuals and restricted his entry into certain parts of Merseyside until Feb 2021. This form of intervention was supported by the local authority and youth offending teams with the intention to steer the teen away from gang-related activity.

In addition to this, within the last two years we have successfully obtained around 30 gang injunctions against a number of others, some of whom have breached their conditions which has resulted in over 1000 days of immediate imprisonment.

Lastly, this month across Merseyside, we have recovered cannabis farms totalling in the region of £7 million.

Superintendent Robson continued "These are just some examples of proactive policing and we want the community to know that our officers are on the streets every day, targeting criminals of all levels, as well as working closely with the local authority and other partners to ensure that all vulnerable people living in Sefton are protected.

"Those who decide to flout government restrictions, cause harm in the community and exploit vulnerable people are warned that this behaviour cannot continue - in a time where we are all adjusting to a new 'normal', we should be supporting one another, not putting people at risk, taking lives and committing other crime. We will do everything we can to find those responsible and bring them to justice."

Cllr Trish Hardy, Sefton Council's Cabinet Member for Communities and Housing, said: "We know the majority of residents living in Sefton are proud of where they live and won't stand for serious crime on their doorstep.

"These are shocking incidents in our community and devastating for the families of those victims, at such an unsettled time for everyone. I want to reassure our residents that Sefton Council is working closely with Merseyside Police to support our communities and I would urge anyone with information about the incidents to contact Merseyside Police or Crime Stoppers.

"We are committed to reducing and preventing crime and anti-social behaviour right across the borough in order to make our thriving communities even safer.

"As part of our collaborative approach to protect our communities, it's important that we work closely with our partners, including Merseyside Police, to reduce crime in Sefton.

"We will continue to build a positive future for our thriving communities and work tirelessly to combat any crime and anti-social behaviour in Sefton.

"Your help and information leads to such positive activity, so have the confidence to speak to us directly or if you don't feel able to call police, come forward anonymously via Crimestoppers, a charity which is independent of police, on 0800 555 111."
