```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been charged with drugs possession and breach of Coronavirus restrictions after he was stopped on an electric scooter in Walton Village on Monday (6 April 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with drugs possession and breach of Coronavirus restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-charged-with-drugs-possession-and-breach-of-coronavirus-restrictions/
title: Man charged with drugs possession and breach of Coronavirus restrictions | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-charged-with-drugs-possession-and-breach-of-coronavirus-restrictions/
```

15:06 07/04/2020

A man has been charged with drugs possession and breach of Coronavirus restrictions after he was stopped on an electric scooter in Walton Village on Monday (6 April 2020).

Stuart McCaughery, 33 years, of Tennyson Street, Bootle was detained on Roderick Road and searched after coming to the attention of patrols.

He was found in possession of four bags of cannabis, and the drugs and scooter were seized by police.

McCaughery was subsequently charged with possession of a controlled drug (Class B) and failure to comply with restrictions imposed under Schedule 21 of the Coronavirus Act 2020.

He has been released on bail to appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court on 18 June 2020.

Chief Inspector Andy Rankine said: "I want to take this opportunity to remind everyone of the importance of heeding the instruction to stay home and stay safe, so that the NHS can be protected and the country can get back to normal as soon as possible.

"I would also like to appeal directly to those people who might be spending more time in their own neighbourhood, at home or during walks for exercise locally.

"You may witness behaviour you don't usually see. If you become aware of drug dealing, anti-social behaviour or any other forms of criminality let us know and we will take action.

"Those people who travel around Merseyside to commit crime risk harming their communities more than ever during the Coronavirus pandemic, and we urge anyone who has information that can help us put a stop to their reckless behaviour to contact police."

Anyone with information on crime in their area can contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously

ENDS
