```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in the Manor Road area of Crosby on Wednesday 2nd December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Crosby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-crosby/
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Crosby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-crosby/
```

15:55 04/12/2020

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in the Manor Road area of Crosby on Wednesday 2nd December.

At around 5.30pm, four men wearing masks entered the home of a woman in her 60s. They gained entry by ringing the doorbell claiming to be delivering a parcel and ran in when she opened the door, knocking her over.

The men then threatened her with a knife and a hockey stick.

One of the men is described as a white man, skinny and tall with dark coloured eyes. He was wearing a black face mask, black boots, a beanie hat, beige tracksuit top bottoms and gloves. A second man was described as having curly hair and wearing a full green, pink and black face mask.

The men took two safes from the property containing a quantity of jewellery, one which weighed 40 - 50kgs.

They are believed to have left the scene in a VW Golf.

The woman was left with injuries to her leg following her ordeal and is extremely shaken.

An investigation is underway and house-to-house and CCTV enquiries have been carried out in the local area.

Detective Sergeant Darren Hankin said: "Burglary is an invasive crime that pervades people's homes and personal space, and can have a significant impact on victims. To target a woman in her own home, the place she should feel safest, is disgraceful and enquiries are underway to identify the men involved.

"We are appealing for anyone who was in the Manor Road area of Crosby on Wednesday evening who saw anyone or anything suspicious to contact us. Similarly it is vital that we find anyone who was driving or walking in the area who may have captured something, either on their mobile phone, or dash cam to get in touch.

"Through Operation Castle Merseyside Police is committed to finding the people responsible for committing crimes such as this and would urge anyone with information to come forward.

"We would also advise the public to make sure they are taking the relevant precautions to stop burglars, particularly in the run up to Christmas, including:

Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them

Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in

Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out"

Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door

It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property

Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe

If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help."

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref 20000733293 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
