```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a report of an assault outside a property in Everton this afternoon, Sunday, 26 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following assault in Everton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-assault-in-everton/
title: Appeal following assault in Everton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-assault-in-everton/
```

08:30 29/01/2020

Updated News Post

**Update:**

**We can confirm that a 59 year-old man taken to hospital following an incident on Emery Street in Everton on Sunday 26 th January has this morning (Tuesday) passed away in hospital.**

**A Home Office post mortem is due to take place later today to establish cause of death. The man 's next of kin have been informed.**

**An investigation into the circumstances is still ongoing and the man 's death is currently being treated as unexplained.**

**Detectives are appealing to anyone who has any information to DM us @MerPolCC or call 101 quoting crime reference number 0410 of 26/1/20 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or DM @CrimestoppersUK.**

Origina statement:

We are appealing for information following a report of an assault outside a property in Everton this afternoon, Sunday, 26 January.

A report was received at around 1.30pm that a group of people were fighting outside a house in Emery Street. A man in his 60's received an injury to his head after being hit by what is thought to be the handle of a pick-axe. The victim then suffered a heart-attack and was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

CCTV opportunities are being explored and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.

Chief Inspector Jay Crellin said: "Unfortunately a man in his 60's is now in a critical condition and we would appeal to anyone with information to come forward. You might have witnessed a group of people fighting in the street and you may have information that could help with our investigation. We are also interested in any dascham or mobile phone footage.

"We take assaults like this seriously and the only way we can find out exactly what happened here today is if the community tell us what they know as this is a residential area and it was daylight"

Detectives are appealing to anyone who has any information to DM us @MerPolCC or call 101 quoting crime reference number 0410 of 26/1/20 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or DM @CrimestoppersUK.
