```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers from our #OpTarget team in Sefton have arrested a further five people for drugs offences following stop searches in the area.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Sefton police seizes weapons, drugs and cash in arrests'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-sefton-police-seizes-weapons-drugs-and-cash-in-arrests/
title: 'OP TARGET: Sefton police seizes weapons, drugs and cash in arrests | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-sefton-police-seizes-weapons-drugs-and-cash-in-arrests/
```

12:38 04/11/2020

Officers from our #OpTarget team in Sefton have arrested a further five people for drugs offences following stop searches in the area.

Targeted Inspector Dave Uren said: "Operation Target is our forcewide proactive approach to tackle serious violence in the area, often stemming from drug dealing, gang related activity and those using weapons to threaten and hurt other people."

The first arrest was of a 19 year old man on 31st October. His car was stopped near the Ocean Plaza McDonalds in Southport at around 8pm. Here, he was searched and found with a large amount of cash and eight wraps of suspected cocaine. He was therefore arrested at the scene for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

After being questioned, the man admitted to owning a safe filled with more cash and drugs so officers made their way to an address on Derby Street, Ormskirk where upon their arrival, another man and woman were attempting to remove the safe. They tried to make off in another car but were stopped on Ormskirk Road.

Their car was searched and the safe was recovered. Inside, officers located a substantial amount of suspected uncut cocaine, ketamine and MDMA as well as drugs paraphernalia and £5000 cash. The second man (aged 37) and woman (aged 39) were also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and perverting the course of justice.

All three were taken to custody for questioning and enquiries into the incident remain ongoing.

Following this, yesterday evening (3rd November) officers conducted another stop search of a 43 year old man on Stanley Road, after he raised their suspicions. He was found in possession of three wraps of heroin and arrested for possession of a controlled drug.

Officers then attended an address on Stanley Road connected to the man where a search of the property recovered eight knives, three firearms, and axe and a machete. These were all seized for further forensic examination.

The same evening concluded with the arrest of a 53 year old man after he was stopped, again after officers became suspicious of his behaviour. He was found in possession of heroin and cocaine.

He had to be restrained by officers and was taken to custody.

Insp Uren continued: "Results like this show the true value of stop searches and the recoveries that can be made. This is a hugely powerful tool which allows the team to keep those who are acting responsibly safe, giving them the opportunity to go about their daily lives with the knowledge that there is one less dangerous weapon, person or substance on our streets.

"Anyone that knows someone involved in serious violence, exploiting vulnerable people or more general criminal activity is asked to please contact us - together we can make sure Sefton remains a safe place for all."

Report via @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK.
