```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in the early hours of this morning, Saturday 1st August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary in Wavertree
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-in-wavertree/
title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary in Wavertree | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-in-wavertree/
```

10:20 03/08/2020

We are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in the early hours of this morning, Saturday 1st August.

We were contacted following reports that around 3am three unknown males, who had their faces covered, had forced their way into a house in Gresford Avenue, Wavertree. It is believed two of the males were armed with a knife and the third male was armed with a golf club.

Three occupants in the house were then taken, at knifepoint, to a cash machine at the Post Office on Smithdown Road and made to withdraw cash.

The three males then left on foot. Nobody was injured during the incident.

An investigation is underway and house-to-house and CCTV enquiries are being carried out in the local area.

One of the males had short dark brown hair, was of average build and approximately 6ft tall.

He was dressed all in black with a black cap, black long sleeved top, and black trousers.

The second male was approximately 5ft 7in tall and of slim build. He was wearing a thin North face puffer jacket, a balaclava, a black cap and black trousers.

The third male was approximately 5ft 6in tall, of stocky build and had a shaved head. He was wearing black tracksuit bottoms and a black hooded top with the hood up over his head.

Detective Inspector Simon Hurst said: "This was a shocking incident. Thankfully nobody was injured but the occupants of the house were left shaken by their ordeal.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in the area around Gresford Avenue or Smithdown Road, particularly taxi drivers or motorists, who saw anything suspicious or may have captured anything on dash-cam to contact us as they may have information which is vital to our investigation."

Anyone who has any information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 20000454686.
