```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police arrested four men and recovered two firearms in Halewood yesterday, Wednesday 6 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested and two firearms recovered by Police in Halewood
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-serious-assault-in-old-swan/four-arrested-and-two-firearms-recovered-by-police-in-halewood/
title: Four arrested and two firearms recovered by Police in Halewood | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-serious-assault-in-old-swan/four-arrested-and-two-firearms-recovered-by-police-in-halewood/
```

15:36 07/01/2021

Police arrested four men and recovered two firearms in Halewood yesterday, Wednesday 6 January.

At around 3pm officers on Arncliffe Road carried out a stop and search on a group of men.

Following a struggle with officers, one man was detained and found in possession of a silver handgun and a quantity of cannabis.

Two of the men made off on foot and one on electric bike. They were pursued by officers who detained and searched them, recovering a sawn off shotgun.

A 29-year-old-man from Hunts Cross, a 27-year-old man from Halewood, a 21-year-old man from Halewood and an 18-year-old man from Bootle were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm without a certificate.

The 29-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Wounding and the 18-year-old also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class B drug

All four men remain in custody.

The firearms have been recovered and investigations are ongoing.

Assistant Chief Constable Rob Carden said: "Every day officers at Merseyside Police put themselves in harms' way to keep us safe. I'd like to pay tribute to the bravery of the officers who selflessly pursued the suspects yesterday to recover these dangerous weapons.

"As the images show, the guns we found could have been used to create significant fear and harm. Our streets are made safer with every weapon we take out of circulation, and every arrest we make in relation to firearms.

"Stop and search is a policing power that is absolutely crucial in our efforts to tackle violent, serious and organised crime and the events in Halewood yesterday show that it yields results in making our communities safer places.

"We are committed to taking weapons off our streets and, rest assured, if you tell us about any suspected possession or offences we will take action and put those responsible before the courts."

Anyone with information on this incident or the use of firearms can contact us by DM via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 21000012414. Please send any images or footage direct to detectives via the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/21000010979.11

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
