```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives appeal for information following the recovery of a handgun in Childwall
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following recovery of a firearm on the loopline in Childwall
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-recovery-of-a-firearm-on-the-loopline-in-childwall/
title: Detectives appeal for information following recovery of a firearm on the loopline in Childwall | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-recovery-of-a-firearm-on-the-loopline-in-childwall/
```

10:16 16/02/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following the recovery of a firearm on the loopline in Childwall on Friday night (14 February).

A member of the public found the weapon, which was loaded, in a bag that had been discarded. It was found on the loopline between Childwall Valley Road and King George V Memorial Field

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously in the area on Friday night, or in the days before. They are particularly interested in talking to anyone who may have seen a scrambler bike being used in the area on Friday night, or in the days leading up to the recovery of the gun.

House-to-house inquiries have been conducted.

DCI Matt Smith, who heads up the Firearms Investigation Team, said: "The recovery of a loaded handgun is a significant find for us and now we want to find the offenders who were using this weapon to support their criminality. The firearm has been sent off for forensic analysis and we will be viewing local CCTV footage in a bid to identify the offenders.

"We believe there may have been a scrambler bike in the area on Friday night prior to the weapon being found. I would appeal to anyone who may have information which could help us to contact us and I would urge anyone who has CCTV which captures this section of the loopline to contact us.

"This loaded, viable handgun was just discarded on the loopline, which is used frequently by members of the public including children. Thankfully it has been recovered before any harm could be done, but I would appeal to anyone who lives nearby, who has any information which could help us find those responsible to contact us. Your information could help us to keep your community safe."

Anyone with information can DM @Merpolcc, or call 101 quoting reference 0806 of 14 February 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Anyone with information can DM @Merpolcc, or call 101 quoting reference 0806 of 14 February 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
