```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We issued a number of &#163;800 fixed penalty notices after officers were called to reports of a gathering of people at a music studio in Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nineteen people given &#163;800 fines following reports of gathering in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/nineteen-people-given-800-fines-following-reports-of-gathering-in-liverpool/
title: Nineteen people given &#163;800 fines following reports of gathering in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/nineteen-people-given-800-fines-following-reports-of-gathering-in-liverpool/
```

14:57 22/02/2021

We issued a number of £800 fixed penalty notices after officers were called to reports of a gathering of people at a music studio in Liverpool.

Officers were called to an industrial unit on Paul Street, Vauxhall, at 12.20am on Sunday 21st February following reports that a number of people had gathered.

A police officer who attended at the scene was assaulted and two people were arrested.

A 23 year-old man from Southport was given a conditional caution for assault by beating of an emergency worker and possession of a Class A controlled drug (cocaine).

A 24 year-old man from Southport was also given a conditional caution for assault by beating of an emergency worker and attempt to possess a controlled drug of Class B (ketamine).

Both men were also given Covid fines.

In total 19 people were issued with £800 fixed penalty notices for being part of a gathering of more than 15 people.

Chief Inspector Chris Barnes said: "It is unacceptable that a police officer should be assaulted for doing their job. We are not hear to spoil people's fun but to make sure everyone stays safe and well and the most vulnerable in our communities are protected.

"We all want the lockdown to be lifted but when people behave in such an irresponsible manner it makes it harder for the people who have consistently stuck by the rules.

"The rules are in place for everyone to abide and I would ask the public to come forward with any information when they know that people are flouting the rules so that we can continue to take positive action."
