```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has today welcomed the sentencing of Dean Lockley for the sexual assault of a teenage girl.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dean Lockley sentenced to 12 years in prison for sexual assault of teenage girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/dean-lockley-sentenced-to-12-years-in-prison-for-kidnap-sexual-assault-of-teenage-girl/
title: Dean Lockley sentenced to 12 years in prison for sexual assault of teenage girl | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/dean-lockley-sentenced-to-12-years-in-prison-for-kidnap-sexual-assault-of-teenage-girl/
```

12:52 08/01/2021

Merseyside Police has today welcomed the sentencing of Dean Lockley for the sexual assault of a teenage girl.

Lockley, aged 30 and of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 12 years in prison, with five years extended on license, at Liverpool Crown Court today (Friday, 8 January) after pleading guilty to false imprisonment, sexual assault and causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. He was also ordered to sign on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

At around 4.30pm on Monday, 21 September 2020, the 14-year-old victim was walking along the loop line off Helsby Road, Orrell Park, when she was grabbed by a man who dragged her into bushes. He sexually assaulted and threatened her, before she managed to make off and report the incident to police.

Following an investigation involving extensive forensic, witness and CCTV enquiries, Lockley was forensically linked to the offence and was arrested on Friday, 25 September.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Cath Cox said: "Lockley is a dangerous, predatory individual who has rightly been jailed for a significant amount of time after committing an absolutely appalling crime against an innocent young girl, who, despite all she has been through, remarkably found the courage to attend court today, while cowardly Lockley refused to appear via video link.

"Although incidents such as this are rare, this was an extremely alarming offence which caused considerable concern within our communities. Thankfully, we were able to swiftly identify Lockley and put him before the courts.

"To be subjected to such a terrifying ordeal by a complete stranger while simply walking home is unimaginable, and has devastated the victim and her family. Lockley's heinous actions have deeply affected the victim's life, however despite this, the courage she has shown throughout the investigation and court process is extraordinary, and I want to commend her for that. I hope today's sentencing gives her some comfort and allows her some closure, as she begins to move forward with our full support.

"I want to make it clear that if you report a sexual offence, we will investigate it thoroughly and provide you with the utmost support throughout. To be the victim of a sexual assault can have a devastating and long lasting impact on an individual's life, but I want to reassure you that we are here to treat you with compassion and respect, and will work tirelessly to put perpetrators before the courts. Specialist police officers from our Unity team work side-by-side with a number of partners including Independent Sexual Violence Advisors (ISVAs), who work with the victim from the moment the police make the referral through to the court case and beyond."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
