```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today, Friday 5th February, continuing our appeal to find the mum of a baby boy whose body was found on Brackenwood golf course in Wirral.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal to find mum of baby found in Wirral one week ago
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/continued-appeal-to-find-mum-of-baby-boy-found-in-wirral-one-week-ago/
title: Continued appeal to find mum of baby found in Wirral one week ago | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/continued-appeal-to-find-mum-of-baby-boy-found-in-wirral-one-week-ago/
```

15:33 05/02/2021

We are today, Friday 5th February, continuing our appeal to find the mum of a baby boy whose body was found on Brackenwood golf course in Wirral.

Exactly a week ago today, Friday 29th January, at around 4.25pm, two dog walkers sadly discovered the body of the full-term baby boy in a wooded area at the side of a footpath close to the 16th green of the golf course.

It is believed the baby may have been there for some weeks before being discovered. The results of a post mortem were inconclusive and forensic tests are still being carried out to establish the cause of death.

Specialist officers have this week been carrying out extensive searches of the golf course and neighbouring Mount Road as enquiries continue.

Detectives have also been carrying out enquiries in conjunction with the local authority and health and social care colleagues.

They are also examining whether, due to the close proximity of the golf course to the M53, the mum may live outside the Merseyside area, possibly in the Cheshire or North Wales area.

Detective Chief Inspector Judith Blease said: "It is now exactly a week since the baby boy was discovered. We know there has been a huge outpouring of sympathy from the local community and we hope that the public will continue to assist our efforts in trying to trace the baby's mum.

"Our enquiries have been continuing throughout the week and we are working closely with our colleagues in health and social care as it is vital that we are able to find the mum and check on her welfare. We believe she will also be able to help us to piece together what happened leading up to the baby's discovery.

"Being so close to the motorway means there is a possibility that the mum lives outside of Merseyside, possibly in the Cheshire or North Wales area, and our enquiries remain ongoing.

"If mum is reading this then I would ask her to please come forward and speak to us. We can give her the help, support and if necessary medical intervention, she may need and reunite the baby with his family so that he can be put to rest."

Anyone who has information which could assist the investigation is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
