```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that an investigation is ongoing following incidents involving scrambler and other bikes on Monday, 25 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update following incidents in St Helens and Newton-Le-Willows on Monday
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/update-following-incidents-in-st-helens-and-newton-le-willows-on-monday/
title: Update following incidents in St Helens and Newton-Le-Willows on Monday | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/update-following-incidents-in-st-helens-and-newton-le-willows-on-monday/
```

15:03 27/01/2021

We can confirm that an investigation is ongoing following incidents involving scrambler and other bikes on Monday, 25 January.

At around 10am, officers were called to Maple Avenue in Newton-le-Willows to reports of bikes being driven dangerously in the area. It is believed that the riders were assembling ahead of a funeral being held at St Helens Crematorium on Rainford Road.

Bikes were also reportedly blocking a section of the East Lancashire Road in St Helens.

Supported by the National Police Air Service (NPAS) helicopter, two males were detained and a total of three bikes seized.

A 27-year-old man from Haydock was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving; driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

A 17-year-old boy from Newton-le-Willows was arrested on suspicion of drug driving; failing to stop; theft of a motor vehicle; driving without insurance and driving without a licence. Both have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Following the incidents, a Dispersal Zone was introduced in the Mesnes Park area of Newton-le-Willows. Officers issued three fixed penalty notices for COVID breaches and arrested a man on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly.

St Helens Community Chief Inspector Paul Holden said: "We're pleased that three bikes were removed from the streets and two males are now under investigation following the disgraceful scenes on Monday.

"However, our investigations continue and we're reviewing helicopter, CCTV and other footage and will keep taking action to identify those involved and put them before the courts. If you were in the area on Monday and saw or captured on dashcam any of these bikes driving dangerously, we want to hear from you.

"Driving in this manner, as well as illegally without insurance or a licence puts other road users at risk, and causes distress to those on the roads. The added demand this also places on emergency services is completely unacceptable at the current time. I'd reiterate to anyone in the community who knows who is riding scrambler bikes or where they are stored, to work with us and we will keep responding to make our roads and communities safer.

"As part of Operation Brookdale, we continue to have success in seizing bikes and prosecuting those who ride them dangerously and illegally. The more information you provide, the more action we can take."

"Unfortunately, we also had to carry out further enforcement in the area, and it is saddening to see people still being issued with fines at this critical time in the pandemic. Protecting ourselves, our loved ones and the NHS has never been more vital, and we'll continue to carry out action when necessary.

Anyone with information or CCTV, dashcam or mobile phone, or has any information about who may have been present is asked to DM @MerPolCC or call @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 227 of 25 January.
