```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A Kirkby pub has been issued with a &#163;1000 fine for breaching COVID-19 regulations.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kirkby pub issued with &#163;1000 fine after breaching COVID-19 regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/kirkby-pub-issued-with-1000-fine-for-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
title: Kirkby pub issued with &#163;1000 fine after breaching COVID-19 regulations | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/kirkby-pub-issued-with-1000-fine-for-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
```

13:37 09/10/2020

A Kirkby pub has been issued with a £1000 fine for breaching COVID-19 regulations.

Officers attended at The Kingfisher on Bewley Drive yesterday, Thursday 8th October, and found multiple breaches of the current regulations including more people inside than permitted, more people at tables than allowed and track and trace monitoring not updated.

Superintendent Jenny Wilson said: "Knowsley currently has the second highest Covid-19 infection rate in the country and we have the responsibility of keeping our communities safe.

"Merseyside Police has been relentless in its efforts to engage and educate people and local businesses about the current legislation and how important it is to abide by it in order to keep themselves and their loved ones safe.

"We know that this has been a difficult time and that a lot of people are having to make sacrifices. Most people have been sticking to the rules by not having gatherings with family and friends, even at significant times, in order to ensure we all remain healthy and I would like to personally thank them for that and encourage others to do likewise.

"Our officers have visited many premises and I am pleased to say the vast majority have put extensive measures in place to protect people inside.

"But we will not hesitate to take action when the safety of the people of Merseyside is jeopardised, and I hope this fine sends a very clear message to anyone who is not prepared to operate their business in a Covid-secure way - you not only risk the health of the people of Merseyside, you risk being penalised financially.

"We are not trying to upset or anger people by our actions but it would be a dereliction of our duty if we did not ensure that our local businesses and licensed premises were abiding by the regulations."
