```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following reports of an assault in West Derby on Sunday, 27 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following assault -West Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-assault--west-derby/
title: Appeal for information following assault -West Derby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-assault--west-derby/
```

13:26 31/10/2019

We are appealing for information following reports of an assault in West Derby on Sunday, 27 October.

At around 9.30pm, it was reported that two boys were in the Parkside Drive area when a black cab pulled up and two men, the driver and the passenger, got out of the vehicle and assaulted one of the boys. The 14-year-old victim sustained serious facial injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment. The second boy made off and was uninjured.

The offenders are described as white males, in their early 20's with dark brown hair. One man was wearing grey combat pants with a thin jacket and the second was wearing dark coloured combat pants and a puffa jacket. The black hackney cab is described as having a broken rear window, which had been taped up.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances and locate those responsible and anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Sergeant Jason Higham said: "This was a nasty attack which has left a young boy with serious injuries and we are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or has any information, to please get in touch.

"Parkside Drive is a busy residential area and I would ask residents, or people passing through, to please check any CCTV or dashcam footage or let us know if they heard or saw the incident. Likewise, I would ask anyone who may have seen a cab fitting the description, with a broken rear window, to please let us know.

"To use violence against a young boy in this way is simply unacceptable and we will do all we can to bring the offenders to justice. If you have any information, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 19100626141 or @CrimestoppersUK of 0800 555 111."
