```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a suspected drug supply conspiracy in Wirral have arrested seven people and seized cash, drugs and other items following activity this morning (Thursday 25 June).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven arrested by officers investigating Wirral drug supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/seven-arrested-by-officers-investigating-wirral-drug-supply/
title: Seven arrested by officers investigating Wirral drug supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/seven-arrested-by-officers-investigating-wirral-drug-supply/
```

15:24 25/06/2020

Detectives investigating a suspected drug supply conspiracy in Wirral have arrested seven people and seized cash, drugs and other items following activity this morning (Thursday 25 June).

The arrests are part of a covert investigation targeting the supply of Class A drugs by a suspected organised crime group in Eastham, Bebington and Birkenhead which began in November last year.

Officers have already seized more than 2kg of cocaine (with an estimated street value of £200,000), as well as cannabis as part of their investigations.

Officers attended seven addresses across Wirral today and cash, Class B drugs, jewellery and clothes were also seized as part of the warrants.

The following were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs this morning:

• A 46-year-old man from Birkenhead
• A 29-year-old man from Prenton
• A 58-year-old man from Liscard
• A 41-year-old man from Prenton
• A 38-year-old woman from New Ferry
• A 28-year-old man of no fixed abode

A 31-year-old woman from Prenton was also arrested on suspicion of money laundering. All seven people have been taken to police stations for questioning.

Detective Inspector Matt Caton said: "Today's action is a result of a long-running investigation into criminals we suspect are involved in organised drug supply in Wirral.

"We completely understand the impact that serious organised crime has on the law-abiding members of the communities in which such offenders operate.

"I want to reassure those residents who might have seen this morning's activity that we will keep working alongside them to disrupt and apprehend those people who we suspect are bringing intimidation, threat and harm to their streets.

"The key to any successes we have is information from those communities. It is often information from a member of the public that can kick start an investigation that can then uncover a network of drug dealers and spare many more people from the misery they bring.

"So I would urge anyone with information to keep coming forward, either directly to police or through the charity Crimestoppers, which is completely independent of police.

"No-one should have to put up with drug dealing in their area and the associated crime it attracts. We will continue to work together with our communities to improve their quality of life and make those communities stronger."

Anyone with information on issues affecting your community is asked to contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers UK anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Facebook or @MerPolWirral on Twitter for news, crime prevention advice and events in your area.
