```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Yesterday (2nd November) officers from our #OpTarget teams were deployed across the county in our continued effort to identify criminals, protect the public and take dangerous weapons and substances off our streets.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: Officers across Merseyside make arrests in pursuit to tackle serious violence'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-officers-across-merseyside-make-arrests-in-pursuit-to-tackle-serious-violence/
title: 'Op Target: Officers across Merseyside make arrests in pursuit to tackle serious violence | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-officers-across-merseyside-make-arrests-in-pursuit-to-tackle-serious-violence/
```

12:25 03/11/2020

Yesterday (2nd November) officers from our #OpTarget teams were deployed across the county in our continued effort to identify criminals, protect the public and take dangerous weapons and substances off our streets.

In St Helens, a 38 year old man from Lancashire was arrested after £10,000 cash was found hidden in his car and a further £26,000 was seized from addresses in Lancashire.

The arrest came after the BMW he was driving was stop checked on Hatfield Close, St Helens at around 3:30pm. Officers decided to search the car where they found £10,000 hidden inside.

He was arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession of criminal property and was taken to a police station for questioning. Further searches of addresses in Lancashire led to another cash seizure of around £26,000, along with two kilos of suspected cocaine.

In Knowsley, two of the team were on patrol on Bank Lane when they spotted two men acting suspiciously in the area.

The men made off down Shaftesbury Avenue so officers decided to head to St Peters Close in case the men headed that way. Luckily, as they patrol car entered the close, they saw the men coming out of the alleyway. Here, they managed to detain the man on foot, however the man on the bike got away.

The 18 year old man was searched and found in possession of around £300 cash and a 'graft' phone

He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of cannabis.

A further search was carried out at a property on Ashfield Cresent where a small bag of suspected cocaine was seized along with another phone.

The man was therefore further arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class A controlled drug. He was taken to custody where investigations into the identity of the second man continue.

In Sefton, a woman was arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug after officers noticed a strong smell of cannabis coming from a property on Brookfield Avenue.

They tried to gain entry into the property but the woman refused and so was arrested. A search of the property was conducted where cannabis and an air rifle were recovered.

The rifle was sent to be tested to ascertain if it has any links to other criminality.

Officers then attended a house on Mount Pleasant after a member of the public informed us a suspected cannabis farm was being grown there.

Officers attended where they forced their way into the property and located a cannabis farm spanning across three rooms with around 70 mature plants, 40 seedlings and a quantity of drying cannabis.

Officers stayed at the scene overnight and investigations into identifying the owner are underway.

In Liverpool, officers conducted a high visibility open land search around Old Somerfields Car Park, St Marys where they found a large machete concealed in a JD bag. The machete was taken away for forensic investigation and enquiries are ongoing to identify who hid it here.

Officers then arrested two men, aged 25 and 22 on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis, possession of criminal property and driving offences.

The Vauxhall Astra the men were travelling in was stopped by officers on Wharncliffe Road. When the team tried to talk to the men, the passenger attempted to run away but fortunately, one of the officers was able to catch and detain him.

During a search of the car, officers found two large boxes containing 85 Cannabis plants as well as a large quantity of cash, all of which was seized.

Despite initially providing officers with false details, the men were eventually identified and arrested. It then transpired one of the men was wanted in relation to a kidnapping offence in London last year whilst the other had entered the country illegally - The Met and Border Force were informed and will deal with both offences accordingly.

The evening concluded just before midnight where officers arrested a further two men, aged 39 and 47 after they were stopped on Sunlight Street.

The men were stop searched after they raised officer suspicions. Here they were found in possession of a TomTom sat nav, later identified as being stolen from the Tuebrook area last week as well as a baseball bat.

Both men were arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods as well as possession of an offensive weapon. They were taken to custody for questioning.

If you have concerns for the welfare of people living in your community, you suspect someone to be involved in criminality or have information that could assist in our ongoing investigations, please get in touch.

#OpTarget is our forcewide approach to tackling serious violence, we work proactively with our partners and the public in order to keep Merseyside as safe as it can be.

Report via social media @MerPolCC, call 101, or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously.
