```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkby man to 38 months in prison for drug supply offences, at Liverpool Crown Court today, Monday 13 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kirkby man sentenced to 38 months in prison for drug supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/kirkby-man-sentenced-to-38-months-in-prison-for-drug-supply/
title: Kirkby man sentenced to 38 months in prison for drug supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/kirkby-man-sentenced-to-38-months-in-prison-for-drug-supply/
```

17:18 13/01/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkby man to 38 months in prison for drug supply offences, at Liverpool Crown Court today, Monday 13 January.

26-year-old John Barr appeared today after previously failing to appear for sentencing for the offences, which date back to 2016.

On Wednesday 23 November 2016, a warrant was carried out at Shirdley Avenue in Kirkby, during which several thousand pounds of cocaine, cannabis, phones and drug paraphernalia were seized.

Following extensive enquiries, Barr was arrested in 2018 on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. He was convicted in 2018 but failed to appear for sentencing.

Speaking after the case, Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "This was a long-running investigation but today Barr has now faced justice. We believe that the location was being used as a safe house to store drugs, spreading the misery of drug supply to those in the area.

"Barr took advantage of the occupant of this house in order to try and distance himself from his dealing. We will look to target those who exploit vulnerable people in the course of their own criminality, and ensure these victims are safeguarded appropriately.

"Recent incidents in Kirkby involving firearms and violence demonstrate the threat that criminal groups bring to an area, and we are determined to continue to take action against those who bring drugs, weapons and all the associated issues to the area.

"Let us know if you suspect anyone is dealing or storing drugs locally, and we'll take similarly positive action."

You can contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
