```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Childwall yesterday, Thursday, 3 December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following distraction burglary - Childwall
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-distraction-burglary---childwall/
title: Appeal for information following distraction burglary - Childwall | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-distraction-burglary---childwall/
```

12:55 04/12/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Childwall yesterday, Thursday, 3 December.

At around 2.10pm, an 82-year-old woman was in her address on Childwall Road when a man rang her doorbell, claiming he was working on a water pipe on the main road and needed to check her water pressure.

The man entered the house and distracted the woman by asking her to test the taps. Shortly after, a second man was seen to leave the house through the front door, before the two ran off in the direction of Abbeystead Road.

The man who rang the doorbell was described as a tall, white male, of a medium build. He had a slight beard with dark hair, and wore a blue fleece with red wording on the front and black gloves with a pattern or label on the top.

At this stage it is not believed anything was taken during the incident.

The victim was left shaken and an investigation is underway.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "To target an elderly woman in her own home, the place she should feel safest, is shameful and enquiries are underway to identify the two men involved.

"I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. If you were in the area at the time and saw a man fitting the description, any suspicious behaviour, or have CCTV or dashcam footage, please get in touch as it may assist our investigation.

"Offenders like this deliberately target the most vulnerable in our community and there are a number of steps people can take to try to prevent this from happening. I would also ask people to take a few minutes to ensure to check on any elderly neighbours, family and friends and ensure are given the right advice and guidance, particularly in the run up to Christmas.

• Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
• Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
• Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out
• Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
• It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property
• Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
• If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help"

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000735076 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
