```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers from our #OpTarget teams were on the Wirral yesterday afternoon and in the early hours of this morning (5th/6th March).


    This activity aimed to disrupt all sorts of criminality following on from a Section 60 order which was put in place around the Beechwood and Noctorum areas.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests, drugs recoveries and weapon seizures across the Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/arrests-drugs-recoveries-and-weapon-seizures-across-the-wirral/
title: Arrests, drugs recoveries and weapon seizures across the Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/arrests-drugs-recoveries-and-weapon-seizures-across-the-wirral/
```

12:15 06/03/2020

Officers from our #OpTarget teams were on the Wirral yesterday afternoon and in the early hours of this morning (5th/6th March).

This activity aimed to disrupt all sorts of criminality following on from a Section 60 order which was put in place around the Beechwood and Noctorum areas.

**Arrests:**

At around 3:20pm yesterday afternoon, officers were called to a dispute in Market St, Hoylake where one person was supposedly in possession of a machete and had threatened another person. Officers arrived where they located four people, a 52 year old man, a 15 year old boy, a 24 year old woman and a 20 year old woman inside a car who were believed to be involved in the incident. They were all spoken to and the 15 year old boy was found to be in possession of the machete. All were arrested for affray and taken to custody for questioning.

** **

Elsewhere, officers received information that a wanted 25 year old woman was in a property on Argyle Street in Birkenhead. They attended where they found the woman hiding in a cupboard. She was consequently sent to Crown Court.

Following this, a 36 year old man was arrested for theft offences after he was spotted parked in a car on Saughall Massie Rd. As officers approached the car, the man ran off and after a short pursuit on foot via three gardens, he was detained. His car was searched where inside officers found a sledge hammer, screw driver, torch and sealed clothing, suspected as being stolen. He was taken to custody.

****

In addition to this, officers arrested a further eight people (seven men and one woman) for multiple offences including possession of a bladed article, possession of Class A and B drugs, intent to supply drugs, drink driving and drug driving.

**Searches:**

Along with multiple stop searches of pedestrians and those driving through the area, officers also carried out a search warrant at a property on Orlando Close, Noctorum as well as an open land search in the Vyner Road North area of Birkenhead.

Officers from our Matrix team also carried out two warrants in the Birkenhead area following intelligence given to us by locals, where a small amount of drugs were found.

An additional Section 60 Order will also be in place from 2pm today (6th March) until 5am (7th March) in the Beechwood and Noctorum areas.

**Seized:**

Finally a Ford Focus was then seized on the Noctorum Estate after the driver was stopped for having no insurance.

Inspector Tom Welch said "Thank you to those living on the Wirral for your continued support. Without this, it would be far more difficult to locate those involved in crime. We do all we can on a daily basis to keep you safe as this is our priority and we will continue to crack down on those carrying weapons, selling drugs, causing fear and anyone involved in serious violence.

"We will not stand for it and neither should you. It is your right to feel safe in the community you live in and we want everyone to have the confidence that if they give us information, we will act on it regardless of the outcome.

"If you know someone involved in crime, want to get in touch or have information that could help us in the future then please contact us via 101 or DM @MerPolCC. Alternatively, you can report crime completely anonymously via @CrimestoppersUK - so please, no matter how insignificant you think the information is, give us a call and we will act on it, bring dangerous people to justice and keep the Wirral a safe place for all."
