```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives from our specialist Unity team are welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to 13 years in prison plus three years on extended licence in prison for rape.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ryan Jones from Wallasey sentenced to 13 years in prison and three years on extended licence for rape of woman in Wallasey
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/ryan-jones-from-wallasey-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-and-three-years-on-extended-licence-for-rape-of-woman-in-wallasey/
title: Ryan Jones from Wallasey sentenced to 13 years in prison and three years on extended licence for rape of woman in Wallasey | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/ryan-jones-from-wallasey-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-and-three-years-on-extended-licence-for-rape-of-woman-in-wallasey/
```

08:21 25/09/2019

Detectives from our specialist Unity team are welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to 13 years in prison plus three years on extended licence in prison for rape.

21-year-old Ryan Jones from Poulton Road in Wallasey was sentenced yesterday (Tuesday 24 September) at Liverpool Crown Court. He had previously been convicted following a trial.

Jones was additionally sentenced to three years on extended licence, given an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) and placed on the Sex Offender Register indefinitely.

At around 6.30am on Wednesday 6 March, the victim, a woman in her 20s, was confronted by Jones in Gorsedale Road in Wallasey. She was threatened at knifepoint and raped in a garden. Later that morning, Jones was located and arrested on suspicion of rape.

Detective Inspector Craig Turner said: "This was an absolutely horrifying incident, in which a knife was used by Jones in order to threaten and rape his victim.

"We welcome this sentence, which not only removes an extremely dangerous man from the streets, but also hopefully allows the victim some measure of comfort as she continues to recover from her ordeal.

"Not only was Jones responsible for this vicious and frightening attack, he continually denied any responsibility and changed his story, putting his victim through the additional distress of a court case.

"Jones's behaviour throughout the investigation has been reprehensible, including verbally abusing those jurors who helped bring him to justice.

"In light of all of this, I especially want to commend the victim for her bravery, strength and patience as the courts dealt with the investigation.

"It is testament to her and the account she gave that we have been able to bring Jones to justice. Her support of the police investigation has led to a dangerous sexual predator being sent to jail for a long time and to other women being protected from him

"Hopefully her bravery will encourage other victims to come forward and we will support them throughout their ordeal.

"There is a great deal of support and advice out there and we can put measures in place to help victims from the point they make a report to the police right through to the court hearing.

"I would urge anyone who has been sexually assaulted or raped to find it within themselves to tell someone what has happened to them so that they do not continue to suffer in silence."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
