```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a stabbing in St Helens on Tuesday 19 January have today arrested a teenager on suspicion of witness intimidation.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager arrested on suspicion of witness intimidation following stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/teenager-arrested-on-suspicion-of-witness-intimidation-following-stabbing/
title: Teenager arrested on suspicion of witness intimidation following stabbing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/teenager-arrested-on-suspicion-of-witness-intimidation-following-stabbing/
```

17:31 22/01/2021

Detectives investigating a stabbing in St Helens on Tuesday 19 January have today arrested a teenager on suspicion of witness intimidation.

The 16-year-old, from St Helens, was arrested this afternoon, Friday 22 January, and taken to a police station for questioning.

Three males, aged 14-16 and from St Helens, remain on conditional bail following their arrests earlier this week.

Extensive enquiries continue in the area.

Shortly before 6.55pm on Tuesday officers were called to Princess Avenue after it was reported that a 14-year-old boy had been stabbed following an altercation involving a group of youths. Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to hospital for treatment to serious wounds to his leg and chest.

The victim is currently in a serious but stable condition and remains in hospital.

Detective Chief Inspector Simon Vaughan said: "Our investigation is ongoing and I want to make it absolutely clear that we will take immediate and robust action if we believe that anyone is looking to make threats, attempt to intimidate witnesses, or do anything which cause fear and harm in our communities.

"The victim remains in hospital and will do for a while yet, which I hope brings home the gravity of what happened on Tuesday, and why we are taking every step to bring those responsible before the courts.

"If you attempt to frustrate our investigation, we will be coming for you, as well as each and every person involved in the attack itself.

"Meanwhile, we'd continue to urge anyone yet to come forward to do so, either directly or if you feel more comfortable, anonymously via Crimestoppers. However you get information to us, we will treat it with the utmost care and sensitivity."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 21000039628 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be shared through the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/appeal-for-information-stabbing-in-st-helens-21000039628
