```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a cash in transit robbery in Belle Vale this morning, Thursday, 8 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following robbery in Belle Vale
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-belle-vale/
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Belle Vale | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-belle-vale/
```

13:27 08/10/2020

We are appealing for information following a cash in transit robbery in Belle Vale this morning, Thursday, 8 October.

At 9.20am, officers were called to Morrisons in Belle Vale Shopping Centre, following reports a man armed with a knife had stolen a cash box from a security guard.

The offender and a second man made off in a black Volvo V40, which was recovered a short time later in Peckmill Green.

The security guard was left shaken by the ordeal.

At 9.40am while en route to the incident, a marked Peugeot 308 police car was been in collision with a BMW on Childwall Valley Road.

The occupants of the Peugeot, three police officers, have all been taken to hospital as a precaution. Nobody in the BMW is believed to have been injured.

Childwall Valley Road and Belle Vale Road have been closed to allow for the vehicles to be recovered.

Detectives remain in the area to carry out enquiries and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Amy Smith said: "An investigation is underway following a robbery in Belle Vale this morning and we are keen to speak to anyone who has any information.

"We believe two men, one wearing a hi-vis jacket, left the car on foot in Peckmill Green following the incident and enquiries are ongoing to locate them. If you witnessed the incident, the vehicle making off or have any CCTV or dashcam footage, please let us know.

"Likewise, if you witnessed the police vehicle collision or have any CCTV or dashcam footage, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000608631 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
