```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Our #OpTarget team yesterday (30th Sept) conducted a warrant in St Helens where they found a number of weapons including a knuckle duster and an air pistol as well as a large quantity of drugs.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Drugs and weapons recovered in evening warrant in St Helens'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-drugs-and-weapons-recovered-in-evening-warrant-in-st-helens/
title: 'OP TARGET: Drugs and weapons recovered in evening warrant in St Helens | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-drugs-and-weapons-recovered-in-evening-warrant-in-st-helens/
```

12:44 01/10/2020

Our #OpTarget team yesterday (30th Sept) conducted a warrant in St Helens where they found a number of weapons including a knuckle duster and an air pistol as well as a large quantity of drugs.

Officers gained entry into the property on Johnson Street just before 6pm last night. Inside, they located two teenage boys, aged 19 and 17, who were detained. They then searched the property where they located cannabis, weapons, suspected cocaine and a number of phones, all of which were seized pending further investigation.

Both teenagers will both be interviewed at a later date.

Inspector Rob Budden said: "This warrant is a result of the community getting in touch with us and letting us know who they suspect to be involved in criminal activity and where it's taking place.

"Those involved in drug crime plague our neighbourhoods in both St Helens and across Merseyside and we won't idly stand by and watch them cause fear in our community. We know that the majority of people appreciate our efforts in taking these harmful substances out of circulation and acknowledge the fact that drug crime almost certainly can lead to more serious violence, something we'll do everything in our power to avoid.

"Hopefully these two young men have been given a chance to re-evaluate their choices and by intervening now, we have stopped two more from committing other offences."

Anyone with any knowledge of those involved in criminal activity should get in touch @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously.
