```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We kick started the week with a high visibility open land search around Court Hey Park in Knowsley today (15th Feb) following reports of antisocial behaviour in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Police are joined by partners in proactive open land search'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-police-are-joined-by-partners-in-proactive-open-land-search/
title: 'OP TARGET: Police are joined by partners in proactive open land search | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-police-are-joined-by-partners-in-proactive-open-land-search/
```

16:32 15/02/2021

We kick started the week with a high visibility open land search around Court Hey Park in Knowsley today (15th Feb) following reports of antisocial behaviour in the area.

"The day consisted of officers and staff from Incredible Edible searching the park for any weapons or signs that something illegal was being hidden here, as well as keeping an eye out for those involved in criminal damage and antisocial behaviour." Sergeant Phil Kelly said.

These proactive searches are used frequently and can involve resources including dogs units, metal detectorists, quad bike patrols and more traditionally, officers on foot. They are specifically designed in a way which focuses on specific areas and are aimed at locating any illegal items that could be hidden in various open spaces.

Sgt Kelly continued "If a knife or gun are hidden here for example, risk is not only put on the criminals that are using the weapons but also innocent members of the community who could stumble across this and injure themselves.

"It is therefore our responsibility to conduct these proactive deployments which is helped by you giving us information that we could use to further safeguard all those using the park.

"On this occasion, nothing was found, but I take this as a positive as it means that the park is safe - but we know one search isn't going to solve community concerns, therefore we will continue to work with Knowsley Council and other partners to carry out our proactive #OpTarget deployments as often as we can."

Cllr Shelley Powell, Cabinet Member for Neighbourhoods and Communities, said "These open land searches are vital in order to recover weapons that could be used in criminal activities. Thankfully nothing was found in the search at Court Hey Park, but it sends out a reassuring message to our communities that we are working with our partners and we are being proactive in our fight against crime."

Anyone that knows someone involved in crime should do the right thing and get in touch.
