```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery in Liverpool city centre
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

11:23 22/03/2020

Updated News Post

 STARTS

Detectives are appealing for information following the attempted robbery of a teenager in Liverpool city centre last night (Saturday, 21 March).

At about 5pm, officers were called to St John's Gardens to a report that a 16-year-old boy and his two friends had been approached by two males who asked for a lighter and then threated to stab them if they didn't empty out their pockets.

The three teenagers ran off, but the 16-year-old victim was kicked in the leg and fell. As he tried to get up he was kicked to the face and suffered a cut to his lip and one of the males is believed to have gone to pull out a knife and searched the victim's pockets before running off empty handed.

Both offenders are described as black, aged between 18 and 19 years, approximately 5ft 8in tall with a slim build.

One offender was wearing a dark baggy jacket and dark tracksuit bottoms and was also wearing surgical gloves.

The second male had what was described as a sparse moustache and he was wearing a dark grey tracksuit and also had surgical gloves on.

Officers are checking CCTV cameras from the area in a bid to identify the offenders and are appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Gavin Mulcahy, said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who witnessed this appalling incident or saw two males running away from St John's Gardens in the direction of Liverpool World Museum.

"The victim has been left understandably shaken by this ordeal and I want to reassure the community and everyone who visits the area with family and friends that we are doing everything we can to identify those responsible. If you were in the city centre on Saturday afternoon and have any information which could find those involved to contact us."

Anyone with information should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 0695 of 21 March, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
​
ENDS
