```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following three confrontational burglaries in Wirral yesterday, Tuesday, 18 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following three confrontational burglaries - Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-information-following-three-confrontational-burglaries---wirral/
title: Appeal for information following three confrontational burglaries - Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-information-following-three-confrontational-burglaries---wirral/
```

13:11 20/02/2020

We are appealing for information following three confrontational burglaries in Wirral on Tuesday, 18 February.

At around 6.40pm, it was reported that five men had entered a property on Town Meadow Lane before one of them confronted the female occupant. The other men made an untidy search of the address, before leaving with a quantity of cash.

At around 7pm, five men entered a property on Westbank Road, Birkenhead before two of them picked up a screwdriver and a knife and confronted the three occupants. They made an untidy search of the address and made off with a quantity of cash and jewellery.

At around 7.50pm, five males knocked on the door of property in Isley Close, Upton before forcing entry and confronting the two occupants. They made an untidy search and made off with jewellery and cash.

Forensic, witness and CCTV enquiries ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "An investigation is underway following three burglaries across Wirral on Tuesday, which we are treating as a linked series. Thankfully, no one was injured however in each incident, elderly occupants were targeted and have been left understandably extremely shaken.

"The males are described as wearing dark clothing and facial coverings and I would urge anyone who has information on any of the incidents to please let us know. If you witnessed any suspicious behaviour, people making off from the scene, or have any dashcam or CCTV footage, please contact us.

"Through Operation Castle, our forcewide response to burglary, we will continue to deter and pursue criminals who think it is acceptable to target innocent people in their own homes and businesses. Burglars have no regard for the huge impact they can have on victims and we are determined to find those responsible and put them before the courts."

Anyone with information, or CCTV or dashcam footage is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000107217 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
