```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from Merseyside Police and North Wales police arrested eleven men as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply into the North Wales area yesterday (Wednesday 17 February).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eleven arrested in joint county lines day of action with North Wales Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/eleven-arrested-in-joint-county-lines-day-of-action-with-northwales-police/
title: Eleven arrested in joint county lines day of action with North Wales Police | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/eleven-arrested-in-joint-county-lines-day-of-action-with-northwales-police/
```

18:02 18/02/2021

Officers from Merseyside Police and North Wales police arrested eleven men as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply into the North Wales area yesterday (Wednesday 17 February).

This was part of the ongoing Project Medusa, a Merseyside-led initiative set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

In total, 76 people were stop searched throughout the day which saw officers in both North Wales and Liverpool patrolling on foot and in both marked and unmarked cars, on the hunt for those involved in moving, dealing and selling drugs.

11 men were arrested on suspicion of a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply Class A, B and C drugs, possession of an offensive weapon, money laundering, drug driving and driving while disqualified.

20 people were dealt with for minor traffic offences and four vehicles were seized for their drivers having no insurance.

Three men were cautioned for possession of small amounts of cannabis.

15 people will voluntarily attend interview with police at a later date.

Inspector Katie Wilkinson said: "Yesterday's activity comes on the back of the work we're carrying out day in, day out to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"The force's Project Medusa, which consists of different types of operational activity, continues to use a variety of tactics, including working in partnership with other forces, to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down these OCGs.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Despite the global pandemic, it is business as usual for these criminals, who will carry out this type of activity, despite the restrictions that are in place, risking the health of everyone they come into contact with, when we should be doing all we can to halt the spread of the virus.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered the appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

Inspector Claire Shiland from North Wales Police said: "Yesterday's arrests form just a part of our intensive work to tackle the issue of County Lines in North Wales.

Drug dealers do not recognise borders, and as such we will continue to work closely with our colleagues from Merseyside to target those criminals that bring misery to our communities by their activities.

Yesterday's co-ordinated operation saw officers from both forces strike from Flintshire to Conwy, and I would emphasize that this work continues day in, day out , as we strive towards making north Wales the safest place in the UK."

Read more here about how to spot the signs of exploitation linked to drug dealing and the Eyes Open campaign, introduced by Merseyside Violence Reduction Partnership: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/police-forces/merseyside-police/areas/campaigns/campaigns/2018/eyes-open/.

You can also report any concerns to police on 999 if a crime is in progress, via 101, or our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also pass information via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
