```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a racially aggravated assault in Tuebrook last night, Monday, 25 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following racially-aggravated assault in Tuebrook
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-tuebrook/
title: Appeal for information following racially-aggravated assault in Tuebrook | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-tuebrook/
```

09:58 26/01/2021

Detectives are appealing for information following a racially aggravated assault in Tuebrook last night, Monday, 25 January.

At shortly after 7.45pm, officers were called to Lazees Takeaway on West Derby Road to reports of youths causing annoyance at the location, following which a 26-year-old man was assaulted, sustaining a broken jaw and nose and being racially abused. The youths made off. He was taken to hospital.

Officers remain on the scene carrying out enquiries, including forensics, CCTV and witnesses.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Speight said: "This was a disgraceful attack on someone challenging the behaviour of a group of youths throwing eggs and causing annoyance and disruption to a business. To subject someone to racial abuse and violence in this way is disgusting, and we are carrying out a number of enquiries to locate those involved.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who was passing by and saw or heard the anti-social behaviour or this violence around this time, including CCTV or dashcam you may have captured.

"We take all reports of hate crime and violence extremely seriously and I want to ensure our communities that offenders will be dealt with robustly. Tell us what you know and we will take action. Anyone who feels they have been a victim of a hate crime is encouraged to come forward and report it. You will be treated sensitively and reports will be investigated thoroughly.

"I'd also like to make a plea to all parents and guardians in the area to ensure young people in their care stay at home. To be gathering during lockdown increases the risk of further infections, strain on the NHS, and longer restrictions for us all, in addition to the stress it undoubtedly causes to those businesses and residents trying to carry on in their lives."

Anyone who has any information, CCTV or dashcam footage in relation to this incident, is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 21000053410 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
