```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today, Thursday 12th March, making a re-appeal for help in finding who is responsible for the fatal stabbing of 29 year-old Adam Ellison in Prescot in November 2017.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New CCTV footage released as part of investigation into fatal stabbing of Adam Ellison in Prescot in 2017
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/new-cctv-footage-released-as-part-of-investigation-into-fatal-stabbing-of-adam-ellison-in-november-2017/
title: New CCTV footage released as part of investigation into fatal stabbing of Adam Ellison in Prescot in 2017 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/new-cctv-footage-released-as-part-of-investigation-into-fatal-stabbing-of-adam-ellison-in-november-2017/
```

10:52 12/03/2020

We are today, Thursday 12th March, making a re-appeal for help in finding who is responsible for the fatal stabbing of 29 year-old Adam Ellison in Prescot in November 2017.

Adam was walking along a pedestrianised area in Market Place at 0.40am on 4th November with three friends when he became involved in an argument with a number of people on a motorbike.

During the incident Adam was stabbed in the neck with an unknown weapon causing him to fall to the ground. He was taken to hospital but was pronounced dead shortly after 2am.

As part of the appeal we are releasing new CCTV which has come to light which shows five people on bikes bring ridden around the Prescot area at around 10.30pm on the night Adam was killed.

We need to identify these people as we believe they may have vital information about the person who stabbed Adam.

The new footage shows the group on Leyland Street in Prescot, turning right onto the High Street. A second clip from around an hour and a half later shows two of these bikers entering King George Park but crucially, only one leaves, carrying a passenger. We believe that this bike then travelled to Prescot, where Adam was murdered.

Detective Inspector Dave Jones today (Thursday), appeared on BBC One's Crimewatch Roadshow, to make an appeal for help in tracking down Adam's killer.

He said: "We are now focusing our investigation more towards the Huyton area. We believe it is possible that Adam's killer was from the Huyton area or has links to it. We can see from the footage that a number of bikes were in the Huyton area earlier in the evening and we also believe the biker and passenger involved in the incident left the scene in the direction of Huyton.

"We are really keen to speak to anybody who can identify or was part of the group on that night as they may have information which is vital to our investigation."

It is believed that the green and white Kawasaki bike which was involved in the attack on Adam may have been sold on following his murder on 4th November and that the new owner may not have been aware of its history. Detectives are keen to speak to anyone who believes they may have unwittingly bought the bike or knows anything on its whereabouts.

DI Jones added: "It is possible that the people present on the night Adam was killed may have burned their clothing and I would appeal to anyone who saw anything suspicious that night or the following nights to contact us.

"We still need anyone who was in Prescot town centre that night who hasn't already come forward or anyone who has any information which could help our investigation to speak to us. There was a female in the Old Mill pub in Prescot that night who we are still keen to trace.

"If you know anything at all that could help us please do the right thing and come forward. You can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or leave information anonymously with Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org"

You can also leave information via the UK Police Major Incident Public reporting site - www.mipp.police.uk - by clicking on the Merseyside Police badge.
