```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have made arrests and recovered drugs, suspected stolen vehicles and weapons as we continue to disrupt criminal activity in the Birkenhead area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Disruption activity continues in Birkenhead following recent incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/disruption-activity-continues-in-birkenhead-following-recent-incidents/
title: Disruption activity continues in Birkenhead following recent incidents | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/disruption-activity-continues-in-birkenhead-following-recent-incidents/
```

18:07 29/04/2020

Officers have made arrests and recovered drugs, suspected stolen vehicles and weapons as we continue to disrupt criminal activity in the Birkenhead area.

Following recent incidents, including a firearms discharge in Beechwood Drive on Friday, 10 April, officers have stepped up patrols and continue to carry out disruption activity, including open land searches and stop searches. Some of the results over the last week include:

On Tuesday 21 April, a quantity of suspected heroin and crack cocaine was recovered following the search of a house in The Woodlands. A 28-year-old man from Birkenhead was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and has since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

On Wednesday, 22 April a suspected stolen Seat Leon was recovered from Deeside Close.

On Friday, 24 April, a suspected stolen pedal cycle was recovered from the Beechwood Drive area.

And on Saturday, 25 April, a 33-year-old man from Birkenhead was arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis following a stop search.

Working alongside British Transport Police, a knife was also recovered following a land search at the nearby railway line.

Inspector Tom Welch said: "Officers in Birkenhead have made some significant arrests and seizures following activity in the area, which will continue in the upcoming days and weeks.

"Along with arrests and seizures, we have also carried out a large number of vehicle checks and stop searches. Thankfully, the majority of the people stopped have been law abiding members of the public, but we will continue to pursue those involved in criminal activity to put them before the courts.

"An investigation remains ongoing following a firearms discharge in Beechwood Drive on Friday, 10 April and we would like to thank the members of the public that have come forward with information so far, which is a vital part of any investigation.

"However, we are continuing to appeal for information and would encourage anyone who hasn't already to please contact us. If you don't want to speak to police directly, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously.

"We will continue to work closely with our communities and partner agencies to ensure Birkenhead remains a safe place to live work and visit."

If you have information on crime in your area, you can contact @MerpolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111. If you have information on the firearms discharge on 10 April, please quote reference number 20000211168.
