```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in a suspected targeted attack in Walton on Sunday, 12 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following assault in Walton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault-in-walton/
title: Appeal for witnesses following assault in Walton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault-in-walton/
```

15:17 13/01/2020

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in a suspected targeted attack in Walton on Sunday, 12 January.

At around 6.30pm, emergency services were called to Inglis Road to reports of a 26-year-old man being reportedly stabbed and having an unknown substance sprayed in his face.

The victim was taken to Aintree University Hospital for assessment of his injuries and to establish the nature of the substance. He is currently in hospital being treated for injuries to his face, head and body.

Medical staff have confirmed the substance was alkaline based and caused a slight irritation to the man's face, with no lasting damage.

It is believed four or five men were involved in the assault and they were wearing black clothing and facial coverings.

The victim is not co-operating with Merseyside Police officers in relation to the identity of the offenders and the circumstances around the assault.

Detectives are continuing to investigate the incident including conducting house-to-house and CCTV enquiries.

A cordon was in place at the hospital while a medical assessment was made. We thank members of the public who attended at hospital for their patience and understanding.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland, said: "We believe the assault was targeted and would like to reassure the community that we are fully investigating the incident and pro-actively looking for the offenders.

"We will not tolerate the use of knives or weapons of any kind and will do everything we can to take them off the streets.

"If you were in or near to Inglis Road at around 6.30pm and saw the incident or heard anything suspicious, please come forward."

If you have any information, contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000025858 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
