```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that a body found in Wallasey last week is that of missing man Anthony Heath.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Body found in Wallasey confirmed as Anthony Heath as we continue to appeal for info
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/body-found-in-wallasey-confirmed-as-anthony-heath-as-we-continue-to-appeal-for-info/
title: Body found in Wallasey confirmed as Anthony Heath as we continue to appeal for info | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/body-found-in-wallasey-confirmed-as-anthony-heath-as-we-continue-to-appeal-for-info/
```

18:09 01/10/2019

We can confirm that a body found in Wallasey last week is that of missing man Anthony Heath.

His body was found on Wednesday 25 September on Dock Road and, following enquiries, has now been formally identified.

Anthony's family are being supported by officers and have asked us to share new images of him as we appeal for any information to establish the circumstances around his death, which remains unexplained at this time.

Officers want to speak to anyone who saw Anthony since he was last seen on Monday 2 September in the Poulton Road area of Wallasey. When last seen, we believe he was wearing a dark coloured hooded top, dark jeans and red Adidas trainers with white stripes. He also wore a North Face cap and silver rimmed glasses.

Detective Inspector Nick Suffield said: "Although we aren't treating the death of Anthony as suspicious, it remains unexplained and as such we would like to speak to anyone who saw him in recent weeks, or who has any information as to where he had been.

"His family are understandably devastated and naturally want to know exactly happened between his going missing and being found, as do we.

"As well as living in Wallasey, Anthony was known in Poulton and Birkenhead on Wirral, and the Rhos on Sea and Llandudno areas of North Wales. He was 5ft 8in tall, of a slight build, with short ginger hair. However small the detail you know, come forward as it could be the key to giving his family some form of closure after receiving such tragic news."

Anyone who has information to assist is asked to contact @MerPolCC or 101.
