```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives in Sefton are welcoming the sentencing of a man to 11 years and eight months in prison for the stabbing of a man in Bootle last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anthony Cousins sentenced to over 11 years in prison for Bootle stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/anthony-cousins-sentenced-to-over-11-years-in-prison-for-bootle-stabbing/
title: Anthony Cousins sentenced to over 11 years in prison for Bootle stabbing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/anthony-cousins-sentenced-to-over-11-years-in-prison-for-bootle-stabbing/
```

15:27 15/01/2021

Detectives in Sefton are welcoming the sentencing of a man to 11 years and eight months in prison for the stabbing of a man in Bootle last year.

At around 5.10pm on Saturday, 6 June 2020, emergency services were called to Summers Avenue to reports of a man in his 30s being found with a stab wound to the neck and lacerations to his arms and torso. He was taken to hospital by ambulance for surgery on serious injuries.

32-year-old Anthony Cousins of Summers Avenue pleaded guilty to Section 18 wounding with intent prior to trial. He was sentenced today, Friday 15 January 2021 to 11 years and eight months in prison with a further four years on extended licence.

Speaking after the case, Detective Constable Neil Jones said: "This incident could easily have ended in tragedy. A quick-thinking and heroic member of the public gave first aid at the scene and this, plus the excellent work of medical staff, undoubtedly saved the victim's life.

"The victim was attacked inside an address, violence which continued outside and would have been shocking to witness. Following enquiries, Cousins handed himself in and finally admitted his involvement ahead of a trial. We hope that today's sentence helps the victim as he recovers from this attack.

"The use of weapons in our communities can cause devastation to all of those lives affected. If you suspect anyone is storing, carrying or using any dangerous weapons, tell us and we will take action to target those who look to cause harm on the streets.

"Since 2019 we have been given Home Office funding for our Operation Target campaign. As part of Operation Target, since April 2019, we have made more than 500 arrests for knife possession, more than 400 knife related crime arrests, recovered over 1300 knives and offensive weapons, carried out over 170 open land searches and stop searched over 4400 people.

"Last January, together with partners across the county, we also launched a new knife crime campaign #BladeFree to help make communities safer for the future. This partnership work will continue and we are seeing a positive impact on the number of incidents and crimes. Your information can and does help this positive action.

Always call 999 if a crime is progress. You can also pass information via our social media desk @MerPolCC or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
