```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm we were called to Liverpool city centre this evening (Thursday, 5 November) following reports a group of protestors had congregated.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fixed penalty notices issued and arrests made following protest in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-and-arrests-made-following-protest-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Fixed penalty notices issued and arrests made following protest in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-and-arrests-made-following-protest-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

23:25 05/11/2020

We can confirm we were called to Liverpool city centre this evening (Thursday, 5 November) following reports a group of protestors had congregated.

Officers attended St Georges Hall at around 6.30pm where a number of people were issued with fixed penalty notices. The majority of group dispersed and left shortly after.

Chief Inspector Peter Clark said: "Merseyside Police has made it very clear on multiple occasions that the public are advised not to congregate, as protest is no longer an exemption for gatherings under the current restrictions.

"A significant amount of people attended St George's Hall this evening and after being dispersed, some groups then moved to the Pier Head where they reformed.

"A total of 13 fixed penalty notices have been issued and we are now gathering evidence and carrying out a number of enquiries to identify those who attended, in particular those involved in organising the event, so that further enforcement action can be taken.

"We also arrested three people for public order offences, seized one vehicle, and issued ten road traffic fixed penalty notices.

"We will always try to engage with the public in the first instance however the regulations are in place for a reason, and we will not hesitate to use enforcement where they are ignored and the health and safety of others is at risk."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 1147 of 5/11/20 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
