```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have continued our disruption of individuals involved in serious and organised crime with warrants in Knowsley and Liverpool today, Wednesday 6 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs and weapons seized after warrants in Liverpool and Knowsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/drugs-and-weapons-seized-after-warrants-in-liverpool-and-knowsley/
title: Drugs and weapons seized after warrants in Liverpool and Knowsley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/drugs-and-weapons-seized-after-warrants-in-liverpool-and-knowsley/
```

18:14 06/11/2019

We have continued our disruption of individuals involved in serious and organised crime with warrants in Knowsley and Liverpool today, Wednesday 6 November.

Warrants were carried out in Huyton, Dovecot, Anfield and Kirkdale, resulting in a machete and hatchet (pictured) being seized, and a cannabis caution issued.

A 47-year-old woman from Kirkdale was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs after quantities of white and brown powder were found during the execution of a warrant at a property in Kirkdale.

During a warrant at a property in Everton, bagged white powder was thrown from a window and into a toilet, and later seized by officers. A 50-year-old man from Everton was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply heroin.

Officers from our Targeted Teams have been carrying out warrants, stop searches and roadside operation in response to recent firearms discharges.

Community officers have also been carrying out letter drops across Liverpool and Knowsley to gather information from the community.

Targeted Team Inspector Jon Coote said: "This week, we are continuing to carry out warrants and other activity across Merseyside as a response to recent incidents, including the use of firearms.

"The two weapons seized in Dovecot today are an example of the threat we want to keep removing from our streets, and our targeting of those people and groups who store or use such dangerous weapons. We will continue to be relentless in our efforts to combat such offending.

"Key to this positive activity is information from the communities who are most affected by such incidents. You will see extra officers out and about so tell us what you know, directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers and we will do the rest."

If you have any information on criminal activity in your area, those involved in serious and organised crime or where drugs or weapons are being stored, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
