```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers on patrol in Wallasey last night (11th Feb) arrested five people on suspicion of drugs offences.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stop search in Wallasey results in significant drugs find
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/stop-search-in-wallasey-results-in-significant-drugs-find/
title: Stop search in Wallasey results in significant drugs find | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/stop-search-in-wallasey-results-in-significant-drugs-find/
```

14:45 12/02/2020

Officers on patrol in Wallasey last night (11th Feb) arrested five people on suspicion of drugs offences.

The incident is reported to have happened at around 7pm when a Ford Mondeo car was seen being driven suspiciously on Lathom Avenue, Wallasey.

Officers stopped the car and conducted a search under the misuse of drugs act where they recovered a hammer, Cannabis, cash, balaclava, gloves and mobile phones.

The driver, a 33 year old man and two passengers, a 35 and a 41 year old man all from the Wirral were arrested on suspicion of possession with Intent to Supply a Controlled Class A and B Drugs and Possession of an Offensive Weapon.

Subsequent searches were also carried out at addresses in the Poulton area, where a large quantity of white and brown powder was recovered along with the remains of a cannabis farm. As a result a 43 year old woman and a 23 year old man were also arrested for drugs offences.

DCI Paul Nilsen said: "Dealing drugs in Merseyside dangerous and immoral and can lead to really serious consequences.

"Thankfully, officers were vigilant and have been able to take a large amount of suspected Class A drugs out of circulation, but I am under no illusion that there are still a large number of people carrying, dealing and taking drugs in our communities. Drug crime alone is harmful but can also lead to people getting involved in other serious violence.

"Help us keep the Wirral as safe as it can be and tell us who is involved in these sorts of crime so we can bring them to justice."

Anyone that has details of those involved in serious crime, supplying drugs or committing criminal offences should get in touch, DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously #OpTarget
