```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Ahead of the Easter bank holiday weekend we are continuing to advise people to abide by the government\u2019s Coronavirus lockdown rules."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Plea to public to continue to abide by Government Coronavirus lockdown rules
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/plea-to-public-to-continue-to-abide-by-government-coronavirus-lockdown-rules/
title: Plea to public to continue to abide by Government Coronavirus lockdown rules | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/plea-to-public-to-continue-to-abide-by-government-coronavirus-lockdown-rules/
```

13:57 09/04/2020

Ahead of the Easter bank holiday weekend we are continuing to advise people to abide by the government's Coronavirus lockdown rules.

We want to remind people that they should only be leaving home for essential activities - shopping for food and medication, exercising and going to work if they are key workers or can't work from home - and also the importance of social distancing when in public places.

It is essential that everyone adheres to the guidelines - if we don't the Coronavirus will continue to be spread and more lives will be lost.

The vast majority of the public across Merseyside are heeding the Government advice and only going out for essential reasons and the half hour exercise that is permitted.

But this week we have seen indications that people are starting to ignore the advice. The roads are busier and there have been higher numbers of people out enjoying the good weather.

In a couple of instances we have also been made aware of people having parties in their home, which goes against the social distancing guidelines and is not an essential activity.

As a result we will be out and about this week to check that people aren't flouting the restrictions and to remind people why those restrictions are in place and to encourage them to do the right thing and go home.

We will be doing ad hoc stops to check that motorists are making essential journeys and officers on foot patrols will be talking to members of the public who are out and about to check that they are not breaching the regulations.

Superintendent Paddy Kelly said: "We appreciate this is a bank holiday weekend and normally a time when people are going on holiday or when friends and families gather together and socialise but these are extraordinary and challenging times and everyone needs to abide by the rules in order to keep loved ones safe.

"The government has instructed everyone that they should stay at home unless making an essential journey. That means people should not be going out on day trips, rides out in the car to the beach or local beauty spot, or having BBQ's or parties with other people, apart from those living in their own households.

"The restrictions have been in place for more than two weeks now and we understand that people will be getting fed up, but remember why the restrictions are in place and use the time at home to do things together as a family.

"Merseyside Police has taken a fair and common sense approach so far. Our officers have been out and about in local communities engaging with the public but if people are persistently flouting the restrictions and not listening to advice we will have to use the powers that have been given to us.

"Please work with us. These are unprecedented and challenging times for all of us, but we all have loved ones and we need to think about them and understand the danger we are putting ourselves, and our loved ones, in if we won't stop the spread of this virus."

 * Tonight we have an opportunity at 8pm to show our appreciation of the NHS staff who are putting their lives at a risk on a daily basis by trying to save the lives of those who have contracted the virus, the sooner we halt the spread of this virus the better for everyone - Stay home, stay safe
