```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: The city of Liverpool is looking forward to welcoming Atletico Madrid fans on Wednesday 11 March, for the second leg of the Champions League Round of 16 match at Anfield.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice ahead of Liverpool v Atletico Madrid Champions League match
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/advice-ahead-of-liverpool-v-atletico-madrid-champions-league-match/
title: Advice ahead of Liverpool v Atletico Madrid Champions League match | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/advice-ahead-of-liverpool-v-atletico-madrid-champions-league-match/
```

09:07 11/03/2020

The city of Liverpool is looking forward to welcoming Atletico Madrid fans on Wednesday 11 March, for the second leg of the Champions League Round of 16 match at Anfield.

Merseyside Police is working together with both clubs, as well as other partner agencies in the city, to ensure that fans of both clubs can have a safe and enjoyable evening at the game.

Speaking ahead of the game, Match Commander Superintendent Dave Charnock said: "We're pleased to welcome fans of both clubs to what promises to be a fantastic night in the city.

"As with all major games fixtures at Anfield, we will have officers on duty at the ground, both uniformed and plain clothed, and specialist resources including mounted police and the National Police Air Service (NPAS). We will also have a city centre policing plan in place throughout the day. This is standard procedure with the safe and smooth movements of fans in mind.

"Merseyside Police, Liverpool FC, Liverpool City Council and our travel partners will also be sharing advice and information in the lead up to the game, to assist people travelling by road, rail, bus and other means. You can follow our social media accounts to keep up-to-date.

"We know that this will be a busy operation and we hope that fans attending the match will act as ambassadors for their clubs.

"While recognising that some supporters feel they can add to the atmosphere of the occasion, the use of flares and other pyrotechnics at and around football matches is a concern. We fully support the club in working to eradicate this dangerous and reckless practice and would ask that supporters work with us.

"The police and courts take these offences very seriously and prosecution can result in a prison sentence. I would remind people that this can apply not only within the stadium, but also in the surrounding streets and when attempting to enter the ground. Merseyside Police is committed to ensuring that everyone involved and attending the game tonight has a safe and enjoyable experience and we will not tolerate any criminal, or anti-social behaviour.

"As usual we would ask fans with tickets to arrive at the ground as early as possible. Fans without tickets should not attend at all; they will not be allowed entry into the stadium."
