```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm we were called to Liverpool city centre this afternoon (Saturday, 7 November) following reports a group of protestors had congregated.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested during anti-lockdown protest
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/two-men-arrested-during-anti-lockdown-protest/
title: Two men arrested during anti-lockdown protest | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/two-men-arrested-during-anti-lockdown-protest/
```

21:34 07/11/2020

Updated News Post

We can confirm we were called to Liverpool city centre this afternoon (Saturday, 7 November) following reports a group of protestors had congregated.

Officers arrested two people during the protest in Liverpool city centre this afternoon. Seven people were issued with anti-social behaviour dispersal notices and three others, who were in breach of coronvirus legislation, were issued with Fixed Penalty Notices.

Around 300 to 400 people were involved in the anti-lockdown protest which began at about 1pm. The protest lasted for about two hours and the group dispersed.

 Officers arrested a 23-year-old man from Wirral who was wanted on warrant and a 37-year-old man from Anfield for assaulting a police officer. They have both been taken to a police station where they will be questioned.

Chief Superintendent Paul White said: "Merseyside Police has made it very clear on numerous occasions that public gatherings, including protests, are not allowed under the latest Coronavirus legislation as they present a real risk to public health.

"A significant amount of people turned up in Liverpool city centre this afternoon and showed complete disregard for the legislation which has been put in place for four weeks to protect our communities.

"Two people were arrested during the protest and officers issued three fines under the Coronavirus legislation along with seven anti-social behaviour dispersal notices. We are now gathering evidence and carrying out a number of enquiries to identify those who attended, in particular those involved in organising the event, so that further enforcement action can be taken."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, or by calling 101 quoting ref 268 of 7 November, or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
