```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested three people and seized three off road bikes as part of our ongoing response to the criminal and antisocial use of off-road bikes.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three people arrested and three bikes seized as part of Operation Brookdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/three-people-arrested-and-three-bikes-seized-as-part-of-operation-brookdale/
title: Three people arrested and three bikes seized as part of Operation Brookdale | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/three-people-arrested-and-three-bikes-seized-as-part-of-operation-brookdale/
```

15:50 12/10/2020

We have arrested three people and seized three off road bikes as part of our ongoing response to the criminal and antisocial use of off-road bikes.

We were contacted at 4.30pm on Sunday 11th October following reports of a large group of bikes in the Garswood area.

A number of bikes were seen to ride along Rainford Road into St Helens where they travelled along Dentons Green Lane, a one way street, in the wrong direction. They then travelled in the direction of Whiston and Tarbock Island.

During their journey the bikes failed to stop for officers, ignored traffic signals and caused members of the public to brake in order to avoid collisions.

The bikes continued onto the A5300 towards Speke where a 21 year-old man from the Sefton area was detained by officers on suspicion of dangerous driving, drug driving, failure to stop, having no insurance and taking a vehicle without the owners consent.

Two bikes continued onto to A562 where a 16 year-old boy from Garston was detained on suspicion of driving a motor vehicle dangerously, theft of a motor vehicle, driving while disqualified, failing to stop and licence and insurance offences.

A 26 year-old man, also from Maghull, was stopped by officers on St Helens Road and also arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, drug driving and failing to stop.

All three have been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Inspector Bernard McHugh said: "Through Operation Brookdale, we will continue to work to eradicate the illegal use of these bikes, and I would like to emphasise how important the help of the public is in doing this. If you know of where these bikes are being ridden or stored, let us know so we can take action.

"We regularly seize such vehicles off the back of your information, and if we can do so before they are out causing harm in the communities, then all the better. All information can and is acted upon to take illegally used vehicles from the streets."

Anyone with information on the anti-social and nuisance use of off-road bikes or knows where off-road bikes are being stored illegally is encouraged to keep reporting incidents to @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 and we will keep taking action #OpBrookdale
