```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that Abdillahi Ahmed has today (Friday 10 January 2020) been sentenced to 18 years in prison plus five on licence for manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, after the fatal stabbing of a man in Toxteth earlier this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Abdillahi Ahmed sentenced to 18 years (plus five on licence) for fatal stabbing of Hassan Mohamoud in Toxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/abdillahi-ahmed-sentenced-to-18-years-plus-five-on-licence-for-fatal-stabbing-of-hassan-mohamoud-in-toxteth/
title: Abdillahi Ahmed sentenced to 18 years (plus five on licence) for fatal stabbing of Hassan Mohamoud in Toxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/abdillahi-ahmed-sentenced-to-18-years-plus-five-on-licence-for-fatal-stabbing-of-hassan-mohamoud-in-toxteth/
```

13:30 10/01/2020

We can confirm that Abdillahi Ahmed has today (Friday 10 January 2020) been sentenced to 18 years in prison plus five on licence for manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, after the fatal stabbing of a man in Toxteth earlier this year.

Around 1.35pm on Thursday 28 March, we were called to Bentley Road to reports that 29-year-old Hassan Ahmed Mohamoud had been stabbed in the neck.

Emergency services attended and Hassan was taken to hospital where he was sadly pronounced deceased a short time later.

28-year-old Abdillahi Ahmed, of Devonshire Road, Toxteth was arrested the following day (Friday 29 March) and charged with murder.

Ahmed was also charged with Section 18 wounding after another man was reportedly stabbed at an address on Devonshire Road, Toxteth earlier on the same day. The victim, a man in his 20s, received non-threatening stab wounds to his arm which were treated at hospital. For this offence, Ahmed was today sentenced to six years in prison, to run concurrently to the manslaughter offence.

Speaking after the sentencing of Ahmed, Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "Although no sentence can bring back Hassan, we hope that today's outcome at least provides some form of comfort to his family and friends as they continue to come to terms with his passing.

"The events of March were a horrific reminder of the lasting devastation that knife crime can cause in our communities. It affects the victims, their family, friends, the community, and those who carry, store and use dangerous weapons.

"Tackling violence and knife crime is not something police and the courts can do alone. We're standing alongside local authorities and other key partners by investing money and resources into the issue, through Operation Target, and we hope that the impact of this will be long-lasting.

"We also want parents, guardians and young people themselves to help reinforce the message - if you are caught carrying a knife, you are reducing your future prospects and risking prosecution and of course, tragedy. I'd urge anyone of any age to think before they consider carrying a knife, whatever the reason.

"If you know somebody who is carrying a knife when they go out I would urge you to come forward and tell us, so we can take the appropriate action. We will act on all information reported to us to make our streets safer."

Anyone with information on the storage, use or possession of weapons can speak to local officers, DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. #OpTarget #StopKnifeCrime
