```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested two men and seized a cannabis farm worth around more than &#163;1 million following a warrant in Anfield yesterday, Thursday 7 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested following discovery of &#163;1 million cannabis farm in Anfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-men-arrested-following-discovery-of-1-million-cannabis-farm-in-anfield/
title: Two men arrested following discovery of &#163;1 million cannabis farm in Anfield | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-men-arrested-following-discovery-of-1-million-cannabis-farm-in-anfield/
```

11:34 08/11/2019

We have arrested two men and seized a cannabis farm worth around more than £1 million following a warrant in Anfield yesterday, Thursday 7 November.

The warrant was carried out at an address in Belmont Road at around 2pm. As officers attended the address, two men were detained, one of whom attempted to escape from a window. 257 plants and equipment were found across four rooms.

Two 37-year-old men, both of no fixed abode, were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production, abstraction of electricity and entering the UK without leave.

They remain in custody for questioning.

Matt Brown, who heads our specialist Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT), said: "It is good to see that people in our communities are increasingly aware of the signs that cannabis is being grown near to where they live.

"In this case, two men have been arrested and once again, we believe that the electricity had been tampered with, which could so easily have caused devastation to neighbouring residents and businesses, as we see all too often.

"It's important we continue to dismantle these dangerous locations, which act as a magnet for violent crime, fire and flood risk, so keep telling us if you have suspicions and we'll make it safe."

A video in which Matt explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown where you live can be found here - https://youtu.be/rc59i2dsZHM

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister

Anyone with information on suspected cannabis growing in their community can contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or come forward anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and we will do the rest.
