```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We have arrested a woman and recovered a cannabis farm in Knowsley this week.\n\n On Tuesday, 28 April, officers attended an address in Lathom Close, Huyton and following a search of the property, recovered a total of 255 plants and the relevant growing equipment. The electricity had also been bypassed."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman arrested and cannabis farm recovered - Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/woman-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-recovered---huyton/
title: Woman arrested and cannabis farm recovered - Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/woman-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-recovered---huyton/
```

15:10 01/05/2020

We have arrested a woman and recovered a cannabis farm in Knowsley this week.

On Tuesday, 28 April, officers attended an address in Lathom Close, Huyton and following a search of the property, recovered a total of 255 plants and the relevant growing equipment. The electricity had also been bypassed.

A 49-year-old woman from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis, and has since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Knowsley Community Policing Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "A large amount of cannabis plants were recovered following the search of a Huyton address earlier this week, and I hope this demonstrates to those involved in criminal activity that our work continues as normal despite the current circumstances we are all facing.

"Those involved in the supply of drugs have no regard for lives they affect and the impact they have on the local communities they operate in. Growing cannabis is also incredibly dangerous and can pose a huge potential fire risk.

"Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister

"Information from our communities is vital in removing those involved in serious and organised crime from our streets and we cannot do it without working together.

"If you have any information, please contact us, or Crimestoppers, anonymously so we can take action."

If you have information on suspected cannabis growing in your community, you can contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or come forward anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
