```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Appeal for information following shooting in Stockbridge Village
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following shooting in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Appeal for information following shooting in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
```

00:13 23/10/2019

Detectives investigating an injury shooting of a man in Stockbridge Village last night (Tuesday, 22 October) are appealing for information.

The incident took place at around 9.20pm on Steerscroft. The 27-year-old victim was getting out of a black Vauxhall Insignia car when he was approached by a lone male who shot him in the foot. At the time of the incident a young child was in the victim's car.

The man was taken to hospital, where he is being treated for the injury he sustained.

Officers are treating this incident as targeted, but are keeping an open mind in relation to the motive the motive. Crime Scene Investigators are carrying out forensic examinations at the scene and house-to-house inquiries are being carried out. Officers will also be checking CCTV from the area in a bid to identify the offenders.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly Martland, said: "This is a brazen attack on a man who was getting out of his car and at the time of the incident there was a young child in the car. We believe the offender was on foot and approached and shot the victim as he was getting out of his car. The offender then escaped down Steerscroft towards Hare Croft

"Anyone who uses a gun on our streets has a complete disregard for members of the public, but this incident is even more disturbing given that the offender was prepared to fire the weapon at the victim in the presence of a child and we need to find this individual and get him off the streets.

"I would urge anyone who may have witnessed this incident, or who has any information which could help our investigation, to contact us as soon as possible."

"Merseyside Police is relentless in its pursuit of those who use firearms on our streets and we will be using every available resource to identify the offenders, put them before the courts and behind bars. I would urge anyone who has any information which could help us to identify the offenders and bring them to justice to come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact, @MerPolCC quoting reference number 1030 of 22 October, or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also use their online form at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information-online.
