```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives have issued CCTV images of a man they believe may be able to assist enquiries into an assault in Southport earlier this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV appeal following assault in Southport
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/cctv-appeal-following-assault-in-southport/
title: CCTV appeal following assault in Southport | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/cctv-appeal-following-assault-in-southport/
```

12:12 04/09/2020

Detectives have issued CCTV images of a man they believe may be able to assist enquiries into an assault in Southport earlier this year.

At around 1am on Friday, 28 February, officers were called to The Avenue bar, Scarisbrick Avenue, after it was reported a male had assaulted a member of door staff with a glass after being asked to leave following a disturbance.

The victim sustained serious but non-life threatening facial injuries.

A second man and a woman were also asked to leave by another member of door staff, who was also assaulted sustaining a minor injury.

33-year-old Joseph Johns and 24-year-old Chelsea Johns, both of Willow Way, Liverpool were arrested and have been charged with section 39 assault and are due to appear at Sefton Magistrates court on Wednesday, 9 September.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information and are keen to speak to the man pictured, as he may have vital information to assist the investigation.

Detective Inspector Paul Gillies said: "We have arrested and charged two people in connection with this incident, however an investigation is ongoing after one doorman sustained serious facial injuries, and we believe that the man pictured may have information to assist enquiries.

"Although a few months have passed, we know the incident would've been shocking to witness and we know a number of people would've been in the bar and the general area at the time. I would ask anyone with information to please contact us."

Anyone who recognises the man pictured, or has any information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000127299 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
