```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested three males following the pursuit of a suspected stolen car in Wirral yesterday, Saturday 18 April.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested following pursuit of suspected stolen car in Wirral yesterday
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-following-pursuit-of-suspected-stolen-car-in-wirral-yesterday/
title: Three arrested following pursuit of suspected stolen car in Wirral yesterday | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-following-pursuit-of-suspected-stolen-car-in-wirral-yesterday/
```

10:55 19/04/2020

We have arrested three males following the pursuit of a suspected stolen car in Wirral yesterday, Saturday 18 April.

At 10.15am, officers sighted a suspected stolen Ford Mondeo on Pasture Avenue, Moreton, which drove at high speed and was pursued for a short time, causing damage to level crossing barriers at Leasowe Station. The station is open today.

With the assistance of the National Police Air Support (NPAS) helicopter and our dog unit, two males were detained near to Pasture Avenue. A third male was located a short time later in Castle Road after attempting to hide in a nearby garden, and reportedly pushing an occupant over.

All three were taken to a police station for questioning.

The car was found extensively damaged on Lyons Close.
A 21-year-old man from Egremont was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and possession of cannabis. He remains under investigation as enquires continue.
A 17-year-old boy from Bromborough was arrested on suspicion of aggravated vehicle taking; dangerous driving, breaching a criminal behaviour order (CBO); theft of a motor vehicle; assault by beating; disqualified driving; and drug driving. He remains under investigation as enquires continue.
A 19-year-old man from Birkenhead was arrested on suspicion aggravated vehicle taking (being carried on); theft of a motor vehicle and possession on cannabis. He was issued with a cannabis warning.

Chief Inspector Phil Mullally said: "The roads may be quieter than usual at the moment, but we're still actively patrolling across Merseyside, to ensure that people are staying safe, which includes reports of dangerous driving and other risks to road users and the wider community.

"Not only were other road users put at risk in this case, damage and disruption was caused to a local station, which are vital to our key workers at this time. Our investigations continue into this incident and meanwhile, keep telling us what you know and we will take action."

Anyone with information on suspected vehicle crime is encouraged to pass information via 999 if a crime is in progress, or our social media desk @MerPolCC, or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
