```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the knifepoint robbery of a man in Halewood on Thursday, 9 April.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following knifepoint robbery in Halewood
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/appeal-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-halewood/
title: Appeal following knifepoint robbery in Halewood | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/appeal-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-halewood/
```

07:24 30/04/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following the knifepoint robbery of a 19-year-old man in Halewood on Thursday, 9 April.

Just after 4.30pm, officers were called to Halewood Park Triangle, near to the Lydiate Lane entrance, to a report that two men had approached two men on bicycles.

One of the men was threatened by two males and forced to hand over his bike. One of the males held a knife to the victims face, pushing the knife away the victim received a large cut to his hand which needed hospital treatment.

The man who had the knife then stole the bicycle while the second male acted as a look out. The offender who took the bike is described as white, in his 20's, 5' 8" tall, slim build with a short stubble beard, wearing a dark coloured tracksuit. He spoke with a Liverpool accent.

The two made off with the bike towards Belle Vale. Witness enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who witnessed this appalling incident or saw two males walking just before or after the incident at around 4.30pm.

"This is a busy footpath with regularly walkers and we would appeal to any passers-by who witnessed this awful attack to please talk to us. The victim has been left understandably shaken by this ordeal and I want to reassure the community and everyone who visits the area with family and friends that we will take action on all information you provide.

"My message to anyone thinking of taking a knife on the streets is simple - it's not worth it. The chances are you yourself will come to harm, and when you are caught you will find yourself in prison. It really isn't worth the risk

"If you know anything about this appalling crime, please come forward so we can identify the offenders and remove them from our streets."

Anyone with information can contact us @MerPolCC, using reference 20000212709 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
