```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We arrested four people in Birkenhead today (Thursday 23 January 2020) during an operation targeting drugs supply in the town.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests and seizures during durgs operation in Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/arrests-and-seizures-during-durgs-operation-in-birkenhead/
title: Arrests and seizures during durgs operation in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/arrests-and-seizures-during-durgs-operation-in-birkenhead/
```

17:30 23/01/2020

We arrested four people in Birkenhead on Thursday (23 January 2020) during an operation targeting drugs supply in the town.

Officers carried out four Misuse of Drugs Act warrants and conducted a roadside operation close to both the Liverpool and Wirral sides of the Birkenhead tunnel entrance.

Crack cocaine and cannabis was seized by officers during the warrants alongside £4,000 in cash, and a crossbow, crossbow bolts and a baton which were seized for destruction.

A 25-year-old man from Birkenhead and 18-year-old woman from Liscard were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply controlled drugs. They have been released under investigation.

An 18-year-old man from Birkenhead was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs, malicious communications, stalking and criminal damage and remains in custody.

A 37-year-old woman from Birkenhead was issued a cannabis caution.

During the roadside operations, more than 40 vehicles were stopped, six traffic tickets were issued for driving offences, a cannabis caution was issued and one vehicle was seized as it was being driven without insurance. A number of individuals were also stop searched.

Inspector Chris Lucan-Pratt said: "The aim of this activity is to disrupt those criminals who think they can get away with selling drugs on the streets of Birkenhead and elsewhere, and move their illicit goods around on our roads.

"I know from the messages we receive that the honest, hard-working people of Birkenhead support our action to tackle drug dealing, and share our determination to make the area a safer and better place to live.

"I want criminals to realise that Birkenhead is not a safe place to carry out your illegal activity - we will continue to carry out warrants, roadside checks, stop searches and more and sooner or later, you will face justice for your crimes.

"I hope this activity provides some reassurance to those local residents who suffer at the hands of such criminals, and I would urge anyone who knows about drug dealing in their area to contact us so that we can take action to bring those people to justice."

Anyone with information on drug dealing in their area should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
