```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: This week, local policing teams on the Wirral have been tackling serious violence in the Birkenhead area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Local team tackling crime in Birkenhead'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-local-team-tackling-crime-in-birkenhead/
title: 'OP TARGET: Local team tackling crime in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-local-team-tackling-crime-in-birkenhead/
```

16:16 12/03/2021

This week, local policing teams on the Wirral have been tackling serious violence in the Birkenhead area.

Insp Tom Welch said: "Our priority will always be keeping our communities safe from those involved in crime including antisocial behaviour, gang, drug, knife and gun crime."

Those living in Birkenhead have expressed concerns about specific areas including Harrowby Road.

As a result, over a number of months officers have been working with our partners and wider community, listening to your concerns and acting on the information you give us to make the area safer. We have done this by carrying out regular patrols in the area and conducting crime specific days of action which have included a number of proactive warrants.

On Wednesday (10th March) Community Officers from Bebington police station conducted three warrants under the misuse of drugs act on Harrowby Road, Tranmere where a 53 year old woman and a 34 year old woman were arrested for drugs offences.

A number of Class A drugs were also seized suspected as Crack Cocaine and Heroin.

The same day, on Rodney Street, a 55 year old man was detained for possession of a controlled drug and following a search of his address, further Class A drugs were seized. Three Covid fines were also issued at the premises.

The last warrant took place on Lowewood Road, Tranmere where despite evidence of drugs use being present, the property was empty.

Following this, yesterday (11th March), saw Community Officers from Bebington police station and Wirral Council's Antisocial Behaviour Team return to the neighbouring homes around the area where they spoke to residents to gather further information and offer reassurance.

Officers also used the knife arch outside the YMCA and conducted a weapons sweep which resulted in the recovery of a number of weapons.

The week concluded with an additional warrant which took place today (12th March), again on Harrowby Road where a house was searched but no evidence of drugs were found. However, due to ongoing antisocial behaviour, the occupier was issued a warning letter in relation to activity at the house.

Officers again conducted reassurance in the road, during which they were alerted to reports of drug dealing at a nearby house that had been searched earlier in the week. They attended and arrested a further two woman aged 58 and 34 on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Insp Welch added: "The residents living down Harrowby Road and surrounding area welcomed the police activity and we hope that they recognise our continued efforts to keep them safe.

"It is our duty to ensure the public feel protected against those involved in crime and are not subject to those carrying weapons, dealing drugs or enticing criminal activity in their neighbourhoods.

"We are working alongside our partners in housing and so should you have information about properties in your street involved in illegal behaviour, we will do everything we can to implement closure orders, work with landlords and housing associations in relation to tenancy enforcement.

"If you know someone involved in crime, do the right thing and report it so we can investigate and bring dangerous people to justice." #OpTarget
