```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured during an incident in Anfield last night (Monday, 22 June 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after officer injured during Anfield incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-after-officer-injured-during-anfield-incident/
title: Appeal after officer injured during Anfield incident | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-after-officer-injured-during-anfield-incident/
```

10:26 23/06/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured during an incident in Anfield last night (Monday, 22 June 2020).

At about 8.45pm, Matrix officers on patrol spotted a male on what was believed to be a stolen electric bike near to the junction of Priory Road and Utting Avenue. The officers started to run after the male and one of the officers has fallen and hit his head against a wall after it is believed the bike was thrown into his path - inquiries are underway to establish how this happened. Despite suffering a serious head injury the officer bravely continued to chase the male and detained him, during the incident the arrested male received an injury to his ankle.

The injured officer has been taken to hospital where he is being treated for a number of fractures to his skull and significant facial injuries.

The 16-year-old male, who arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft, and possession of Class B drugs, was taken to hospital to be treated for the injury to his ankle and has since been released. He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives.

A 14-year-old female, was also arrested at the scene on suspicion of theft and has been taken to a police station, where she will be interviewed by detectives.

CCTV, forensic and witness enquiries are ongoing and detectives are appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Superintendent Dave McCaughrean, said: "An investigation is ongoing and I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch."

If you have any information, please contact @MerPolCC, or 101 quoting reference 1045 of 22 June, or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
