```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested five people and seized three cannabis farms across Merseyside, as part of work by our Local Policing teams and Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested and three more cannabis farms dismantled across Merseyside
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/five-arrested-and-three-more-cannabis-farms-dismantled-across-merseyside/
title: Five arrested and three more cannabis farms dismantled across Merseyside | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/five-arrested-and-three-more-cannabis-farms-dismantled-across-merseyside/
```

15:12 23/03/2021

We have arrested five people and seized three cannabis farms across Merseyside, as part of work by our Local Policing teams and Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT).

On Sunday 21 March, we attended an address in Cullen Avenue, Bootle following reports of a suspected burglary and found a total of 27 cannabis plants and equipment. The electricity meter had also been abstracted and was made safe by Scottish Power. Enquiries are ongoing.

Yesterday, (Monday 22 March), CDT officers seized a total of eight plants and equipment after a warrant at a home in Cockshead Way, Halewood. A total of around £2000 in cash was also seized and the following three people arrested:
A 24-year-old man from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis; possession with intent to supply cannabis; possession of cocaine; and possession of criminal property
A 21-year-old woman from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis; possession with intent to supply cannabis; and possession of cocaine
A 54-year-old man from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis. All three have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Yesterday, officers on patrol in Briton Court, Kirkby detected a strong smell of cannabis from flats. A man was seen to enter the communal area and was stopped and searched. A further search was carried out inside the location and cannabis plants, more than £1500 cash, bagged cannabis and equipment were found.

A 32-year-old man from Kirkby was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis; possession with intent to supply cannabis; and possession of criminal property.
A 31-year-old woman from Fazakerley was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis. Both were released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Matt Brown, who runs the CDT, said: "Investigations are ongoing into each of these finds, and shows the daily work that goes on across Merseyside to keep communities safe.

"Even smaller-scale cannabis production like these incidents can still cause big risks to those living nearby. Abstracting electricity and overloading circuits can and does cause fires, floods and the supply of all drugs brings with it violent crime, criminal disputes and exploitation of vulnerable people to those living in the area. Nobody wants to live next-door to such threats and we do all we can to make the streets safer.

"The identification, dismantling and making safe of cannabis farms is absolutely vital work and we'll continue to respond to information provided on all suspicious locations, whether residential or business."

A video in which Matt explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown near where you live can be found here - https://youtu.be/rc59i2dsZHM

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more suspicious

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
