```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkby man to prison for dangerous driving offences following an incident on Otterspool Promenade in March 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kirkby man sentenced after causing serious injury on scrambler bike
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/kirkby-man-sentenced-after-causing-serious-injury-on-scrambler-bike/
title: Kirkby man sentenced after causing serious injury on scrambler bike | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/kirkby-man-sentenced-after-causing-serious-injury-on-scrambler-bike/
```

14:24 19/01/2021

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkby man to prison for dangerous driving offences following an incident on Otterspool Promenade in March 2020.

29-year-old Anthony Rowson from St Chads Drive was sentenced to 20 months in prison and disqualified from driving for two years 10 months, with an extended retest.

He pleaded guilty to offences of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and perverting the course of justice.

At around 12.25pm on Wednesday 29 March 2020, Rowson was riding a scrambler bike dangerously on Otterspool Promenade, before colliding with a pedestrian. Members of the public rushed to the aid of the pedestrian and detained Rowson before alerting the emergency services.

The pedestrian suffered a broken wrist and has since made a full recovery.

Speaking after the sentencing, Constable James Evans from our Matrix Roads Policing Unit said: "I would like to thank the public for their assistance in this lengthy investigation which has resulted in us taking a dangerous offender off the roads. The pedestrian involved in this incident was left shaken and needed hospital treatment.

"We take illegal use of off-road vehicles very seriously, and will respond to any calls made to us.

"In the hours and days following on from this incident, a significant number of off-road bikes were seized in the Otterspool Area. If anyone has information in relation to anti-social vehicle use or where they are stored, please have the confidence to report it to the police."

Through #OperationBrookdale, Merseyside Police will continue work to eradicate the illegal and nuisance use of off-road bikes.

Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. Anyone with information on the anti-social and nuisance use of off-road bikes is encouraged to keep reporting incidents to @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, and we will take action.
