```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Working alongside Wirral Council ASB team, we have secured a Closure Order in relation to a flat in Birkenhead.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Closure Order issued at flat in Tranmere, Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/closure-order-issued-at-flat-in-tranmere-birkenhead/
title: Closure Order issued at flat in Tranmere, Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/closure-order-issued-at-flat-in-tranmere-birkenhead/
```

12:13 28/01/2021

****Pictured are Wirral Community Policing Sgt Alan McKeon (left) and Mike O'Brien from Wirral Council ASB team (right)****

Working alongside Wirral Council ASB team, we have secured a Closure Order in relation to a flat in Birkenhead.

The order is for Flat 6, 37a The Woodlands, Tranmere, Birkenhead. It was issued at Wirral Magistrates Court yesterday (Wednesday 27 January) following numerous incidents involving suspected drug use, COVID-19 breaches and anti-social behaviour.

Our Community Policing team have carried out warrants, issued fixed penalty notices due to a gathering last week, and an investigation into suspected drug supply (see below) is ongoing.

A full closure order was granted for a period of three months under section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. The tenancy has also been terminated by the housing association so the occupier will not return and the property will remain closed until 27 April.

Community Policing Sergeant Alan McKeon said: "Whenever we receive reports of antisocial behaviour or drug dealing we will do everything within our powers to work with partners including Wirral Council and housing associations to take action and where necessary apply for closure orders.

"This is particularly important at the current time, and we have issued fines to people gathering in . Not only do their actions cause stress and inconvenience, they also risk spreading further infections and creating demand for our busy NHS.

"Members of the community have the right to live in their own homes in peace and without having to suffer the behaviour of individuals who couldn't care less about the misery they cause. Living near to this flat will have been a nightmare in recent weeks and it is thanks to the close work between us, the council and those residents that we were able to gather the information and present this at court.

"What you see, hear and experience really helps us take this action, so I would continue to encourage our communities to come forward and speak to us when these issues affect you, for all of our benefit."

Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. You can also report anti-social behaviour and crime to our social media desk @MerPolCC or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Twitter, or via 101. Follow Wirral Police on Facebook and @MerpolWirral on Twitter for regular updates, news and advice.
