```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Merseyside Police have today (24th March) carried out a warrant at an address on the Beechwood Estate, Wirral.


    The warrant took place at 9am this morning on St Oswalds Avenue following ongoing issues in relation to gang crime in the area.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: OFFICERS SEIZE &#163;150K WORTH OF CLASS A DRUGS DURING WARRANT IN BEECHWOOD
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/officers-seize-150k-worth-of-class-a-drugs-during-warrant-in-beechwood/
title: OFFICERS SEIZE &#163;150K WORTH OF CLASS A DRUGS DURING WARRANT IN BEECHWOOD | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/officers-seize-150k-worth-of-class-a-drugs-during-warrant-in-beechwood/
```

16:54 24/03/2020

Merseyside Police have today (24th March) carried out a warrant at an address on the Beechwood Estate, Wirral.

The warrant took place at 9am this morning on St Oswalds Avenue following ongoing issues in relation to gang crime in the area.

It resulted in a huge recovery of Class A and B drugs worth in the region of £150-200k which had been vacuum packed and hidden in the bedroom of the property. A 26 year old man was also arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

Sgt Mike McEvoy said "This is a great recovery and means that a large amount of drugs has been taken out of circulation. Drug dealers thrive off the vulnerable people in society and we mustn't let this continue.

"I hope this shows the public that despite all that is going on in the world at the minute, we remain committed to identifying dangerous people involved in illegal activity and bringing them to justice. We haven't got time for those involved in drugs, or any crime for that matter and we will do all we can to keep those living and working in Merseyside as safe as they possibly can be."

Anyone that knows someone operating illegally, storing drugs, dealing substances, carrying weapons and profiting from exploiting others is urged to please get in touch. It has never been more important than now to come together, support those living in our communities and take dangerous people off our streets. #OpTarget
