```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "A custody team from Merseyside Police has been recognised at a national awards ceremony.\n\nThe ceremony was organised by the Police Federation of England and Wales (PFEW) and the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council and was held in Leicestershire last night, Tuesday 10th September, following a two-day national custody seminar."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police custody team win national award
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/merseyside-police-custody-team-win-national-award/
title: Merseyside Police custody team win national award | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/merseyside-police-custody-team-win-national-award/
```

12:58 17/09/2019

A custody team from Merseyside Police has been recognised at a national awards ceremony.

The ceremony was organised by the Police Federation of England and Wales (PFEW) and the National Police Chiefs' Council and was held in Leicestershire last night, Tuesday 10th September, following a two-day national custody seminar.

The accolades handed out included custody officer of the year; custody support role of the year; custody team of the year; outstanding contribution to police custody and special recognition to services to police custody.

Merseyside Police Custody Team 2 - which covers three operational custody suites and comprises two inspectors, 14 sergeants and 26 detention officers who work a 24/7 shift pattern - were awarded the Custody Team of the Year accolade.

They were praised for "consistently going above and beyond despite significant pressures", "maintaining standards even in times of adversity", "always putting the welfare of detainees first" and "ensuring the best outcome for victims as well as working to benefit partner agencies."

Assistant Chief Constable Jonathan Roy, who attended the awards said: "I am delighted that our team has won this award.

"The award recognises commitment and hard work of custody teams. They are very much part of Merseyside Police team and make a great contribution and it is great to see they have been rewarded in such a way.

"I am hugely proud of what they do in an incredibly difficult and challenging environment."

The NPCC's custody lead, ACC Nev Kemp QPM said: "It has been fantastic to recognise the great work that goes on in custody - great people who operate out of public view, often dealing with the most challenging people in a difficult environment.

"It is positive to promote work when things go well, not just when things go wrong.These awards are hugely beneficial and help showcase custody work to be proud of. I am grateful to the judging panel from various backgrounds for picking the winners."
