```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019d like to thank an eagle eyed member of the public who helped us arrest a teenager armed with a knife and imitation firearm this weekend."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager arrested in Liverpool after being found armed with weapons
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/teenager-arrested-in-liverpool-after-being-found-armed-with-weapons/
title: Teenager arrested in Liverpool after being found armed with weapons | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/teenager-arrested-in-liverpool-after-being-found-armed-with-weapons/
```

12:11 15/03/2021

We'd like to thank an eagle eyed member of the public who helped us arrest a teenager armed with a knife and imitation firearm this weekend.

Officers on patrol on Maiden Lane, Liverpool at around 6pm yesterday (14th March) became suspicious of the teenager who was riding a bike at the time after he appeared to actively avoid police.

After a short pursuit and with the help of a member of the public, the boy was detained nearby.

The boy admitted to having a black BB gun on his person that he had "sprayed black to make it look real". In his rucksack, officers also located a 12" kitchen knife.

The 16 year old was arrested on suspicion of possession of a bladed article and possession of an imitation firearm. He was questioned in custody and has since been released under investigation.

The knife and BB gun were seized.

Inspector Sarah Rotherham "It is always worrying when we arrest young people carrying weapons. On this occasion the gun wasn't real but that doesn't mean it is any less alarming if someone pointed it at you and that's why we have to educate young people that carrying any sort of weapon can result in consequences.

"We also want to do everything we can to reduce knife crime across Merseyside and encourage parents, guardians, teachers and young people themselves to visit the Our Merseyside website where they can support the #BladeFree campaign as well as finding clubs and activities in their area that will direct them towards a more positive future.

"We'd also like to thank the member of the public who assisted us in detaining the teenager and ask if this was you, please contact officers quoting log: 21000163284.

"We must all work together to report those exploiting young people and encouraging them into a life of crime. If you have any information, please get in touch." #OpTarget
