```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man seized more than 80 cannabis plants and a significant quantity of suspected Class A drugs from a house in Dentons Green today (Thursday 14 May).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after warrant at cannabis farm in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/man-arrested-after-warrant-at-cannabis-farm-in-st-helens/
title: Man arrested after warrant at cannabis farm in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/man-arrested-after-warrant-at-cannabis-farm-in-st-helens/
```

15:47 14/05/2020

We have arrested a man seized more than 80 cannabis plants and a significant quantity of suspected Class A drugs from a house in Dentons Green today (Thursday 14 May).

Officers executed a warrant at around 8.30am and once inside, located 82 cannabis plants and a large quantity of white powder.

A 32-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of cannabis cultivation and possession with intent to supply a Class B drug.

Inspector Neil Birkett said: "The drugs found at this property this morning had the potential to cause significant harm in our community. Cannabis farms often create a fire and flood risk, and any drug dealing can attract serious violence as dealers use force to try to keep their illicit business going.

"The streets of St Helens are safer now that these drugs have been taken out of circulation.

"We ask that the public keep reporting any suspicious smells, sights or visitors at properties - and we will continue taking positive action like this morning's warrant.

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
