```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a report a woman was sexually assaulted in Southport on Saturday night (17 October 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after sexual assault in Southport
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-sexual-assault-in-southport/
title: Appeal for information after sexual assault in Southport | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-sexual-assault-in-southport/
```

19:09 18/10/2020

We are appealing for information after a report a woman was sexually assaulted in Southport on Saturday night (17 October 2020).

It was reported the woman was approached by a man at the junction of Devonshire Road and High Park Road at about 11.20pm.

She was thrown to the floor and sexually assaulted before the offender made off on foot.

The woman did not sustain physical injuries, but was left extremely shaken by the ordeal and is being supported by specialist officers.

The offender is described as a white male of medium build, around 30 years old, 5ft 11in tall with very short dark hair. He was wearing a thin black cloth face mask, a thin thigh length black coat and dark trousers.

Officers searched the area for the offender, and have conducted a forensic examination of the scene. CCTV in the area is also being studied.

Detective Inspector Christian Vaughan said: "Our investigations into this incident are at an early stage. I would like to reassure the community that this type of incident is, thankfully, extremely rare and we are taking this report very seriously.

"This would've no doubt been an incredibly distressing ordeal for the victim and we are working to ensure the person responsible is removed from our streets.

"Enquiries are ongoing to locate him and we're particularly keen to speak to anyone who was in the vicinity of Devonshire Road and High Park Road at about 11.20pm on Saturday and may have seen a man matching the description. If you were driving in the area at the time and have dashcam, might you have caught him on camera? Please check any footage and let us know if you have."

Anyone with information, however small it may seem, is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000630525 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
