```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Operation Target is our dedicated response into tackling serious violence across Merseyside whilst protecting vulnerable members of our community and taking dangerous people, weapons and substances off our streets.


    Here are just some arrests our #OpTarget teams made last night...'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Round up of policing activity across Merseyside'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-round-up-of-policing-activity-across-merseyside/
title: 'OP TARGET: Round up of policing activity across Merseyside | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-round-up-of-policing-activity-across-merseyside/
```

16:59 06/08/2020

**Operation Target is our dedicated response into tackling serious violence across Merseyside whilst protecting vulnerable members of our community and taking dangerous people, weapons and substances off our streets.**

**Here are just some arrests and seizures our #OpTarget teams made last night:**

First, officers driving along Edge Lane yesterday evening (5th August) spotted an electronic bike with no number plate being driven by two people. They started following the bike which made its way towards Bonchurch Drive, a dead end. Whilst the police carrier stopped, the bike, who had misjudged the space between the kerb and the carrier tried to accelerate past but instead collided with the carrier. The driver then made off on foot, whilst the passenger stayed at the scene and was treated for minor injuries.

The driver was detained a short distance away. Following checks, the bike was found to have been stolen during a burglary earlier this week. The driver, a 21 year old man, was drugs wiped at the scene where he tested positive for Cannabis and was therefore arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft of a motor vehicle, burglary and other driving offences.

Teams elsewhere executed a warrant at an address on College View, Huyton as part of another ongoing operation. During the search officers located a hidden void in the downstairs toilet where they found 10 sealed packages of suspected cocaine.

Inside the property, they also found four phones that had been destroyed in an incinerator. Officers then found a quantity of ecstasy tablets, a cash counting machine and seized numerous high value watches (Rolex/Tag Heur/Audemars Piguet).

No arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing.

****

A second warrant was executed on Elm Road, Walton, following intelligence around the supply of cannabis. Officers gained entry into the home where they detained all five occupants.

During the search of the property, officers located a large quantity of cannabis, a ticklist, scales and other drugs paraphernalia. All occupants were therefore arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

The six children who were also present at the address were left in the care of a relative.

****

In Southport, a 30 year old man and a 22 year old woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Officers first attended a property on Shaws Road, Birkdale - unfortunately no one was present, however officers did seize a significant amount of suspected cocaine which had been hidden on top of an outbuilding roof, concealed within the foliage. In addition to this, officers found six golf ball sized wraps of cocaine hidden beneath the back door step and a large amount of cash.

Officers managed to get in touch with the occupants who eventually returned home and were consequently arrested.

Over in St Helens, a 30 year old man was arrested for aggravated burglary following an incident in July.

Whilst in Stadt Moers Park, officers were assisted by the Police Cadets in an open land search of the area. Here, they found a pair of bolt cutters hidden in the undergrowth.

****

If you suspect crime being committed in your area, please report it - help us keep our communities safe.
