```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a firearms discharge in Kirkdale damaged a nearby door and window just before midnight on Sunday (25 May 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after house damaged in Kirkdale firearms discharge
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/appeal-after-house-damaged-in-kirkdale-firearms-discharge/
title: Appeal after house damaged in Kirkdale firearms discharge | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/appeal-after-house-damaged-in-kirkdale-firearms-discharge/
```

11:37 26/05/2020

We are appealing for information after a firearms discharge in Kirkdale damaged a nearby door and window on Monday evening (25 May 2020) just before midnight.

Police were called to Carsibrooke Road to a reports gun shots had been heard, and that a bullet had struck the door and entered the upstairs window of an occupied property.

It was reported a group of males had been heard talking in the street shortly before the incident. Some ran towards County Road and some ran down Goodall Street towards Westminster Road after the shots were fired.

There were no reports of any injuries during the incident, and enquiries at local hospitals have proved negative.

Police attended the scene and confirmed the damage is consistent with a firearms discharge, and a bullet casing was recovered for forensic examination.

A cordon is in place while forensic investigations are carried out.

House to house enquiries have been carried out and officers are looking into what may have been captured on CCTV in the area.

Detective Inspector Jennie Beck said: "We do not believe the two adult occupants of the house damaged had anything to do with the dispute that led to this incident. Due to the recklessness of the person who fired this weapon, their lives were put in serious danger.

"Whenever anyone discharges a firearm in a residential street, they put completely innocent members of the public at risk, and we are doing all we can to find those responsible.

"Information from the community could be a vital part of our efforts to bring the perpetrator to justice and take the weapon used off our streets, and we ask anyone with information to speak to us.

"We are appealing for anyone who saw any part of this incident, or a group of males acting suspiciously in the area at around midnight to contact us.

"Any information may help us, no matter how small it is so please help us identify those responsible. I know some people will be concerned and even feel too frightened to speak directly to us. If that's the case then please give information anonymously through Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 1016 of 3/2/20 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
