```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a racially aggravated assault in Liverpool City Centre last night, Tuesday 29 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following racially-aggravated assault in Liverpool City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Detectives appeal for information following racially-aggravated assault in Liverpool City Centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

15:00 30/10/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following a racially aggravated assault in Liverpool City Centre last night, Tuesday 29 September.

At around 10.45pm, the victim was walking on Upper Duke Street with friends when they were approached by two white males riding an electric bike. Words were exchanged and the friends were chased. The victim was slashed by what is believed to have been a machete. He was taken to hospital for stiches to superficial wounds to his legs. Racial abuse was also directed towards the victim.

CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries are ongoing in the area.

The suspects are described as white, around 18-20 years old, with Liverpool accents, dressed in black with facial coverings and hoods up, and with long 'ket wig' style haircuts. The bike is described as dark in colour.

Detective Inspector Simon Hurst said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which thankfully didn't result in more serious injuries, but will have been an absolutely terrifying experience for the victim and his friends, who were simply walking through town.

"We're treating this as a hate crime, as one of the suspects was racially abusive towards the victim. This makes the assault even more abhorrent and strengthens our resolve to find those responsible.

"We're carrying out extensive enquiries to find those responsible and remove them from the streets. If you were around Upper Duke Street or Pilgrim Street last night and saw the incident itself or two males riding an electric bike in the area, come forward. Likewise if you were driving nearby and captured anything on dashcam, check and tell us. The movements of this vehicle last night could be vital in finding those responsible."

You can pass on information via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre', with reference 20000590811. You can also call contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
