```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We would like to thank the people of Liverpool for their patience as we dealt with a group of people who chose to gather in the city centre today, Saturday 14th November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement following gathering in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/statement-following-gathering-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Statement following gathering in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/statement-following-gathering-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

17:00 14/11/2020

We would like to thank the people of Liverpool for their patience as we dealt with a group of people who chose to gather in the city centre today, Saturday 14th November.

A total of 27 people were arrested today, of which 25 were for public order offences and breaches of Coronavirus legislation. A 32 year-old man was also arrested after a male police officer was assaulted and a woman was arrested on suspicion of attempted s18 wounding and dangerous driving.

Merseyside Police also issued 17 fixed penalty notices today.

These selfish, ignorant and irresponsible people have let themselves and their families down and have also put themselves, their families, our officers and the wider public at risk from this global pandemic but their actions should not overshadow the selfless behaviour of the majority of people living in the Liverpool city region who are continuing to abide by the rules.

Liverpool is now in the second week of a mass testing scheme in a bid to combat Coronavirus and thankfully most people are choosing to do the responsible thing in order to protect themselves, their families and friends.

But it is vital that we all play our part in order to slow the spread of the Coronavirus and allow the city region to come out of lockdown safely.

Superintendent Diane Pownall said: "Working with our partners, our job is to keep everybody safe and I want to take this opportunity to thank the people who are doing all they can to help protect us all, including our frontline officers and emergency services and NHS staff.

"The rules apply to everybody and it is unfair - and unlawful - when people choose to ignore them for their own selfish and misguided reasons. This is dangerous and irresponsible behaviour which could endanger the people of Liverpool who are working to ensure we can leave lockdown safely.

"We have spent considerable time engaging with the public to explain the current regulations and I know the vast majority of the public will support us as we continue to take action against those who choose to deliberately break the law."
