```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police detectives are now investigating after a man was found with a gunshot injury in Hale, Widnes on Tuesday night, 15 December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information after man found with gunshot injury in Hale, Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-man-found-with-gunshot-injury-in-hale-widnes/
title: Detectives appeal for information after man found with gunshot injury in Hale, Widnes | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-man-found-with-gunshot-injury-in-hale-widnes/
```

11:26 17/12/2020

Merseyside Police detectives are now investigating after a man was found with a gunshot injury in Hale, Widnes on Tuesday night, 15 December.

At around 7.55pm, a man in his 20s was found injured in Ramsbrook Lane. The victim was taken to hospital with a non life-threatening leg injury and is not currently assisting police.

Following enquiries, it is now believed that this incident started in the Merseyside area, and we are now investigating with the assistance of Cheshire Constabulary.

Forensic, CCTV and house-to-house enquiries have been ongoing in the Halewood and Widnes areas.

Detective Inspector Lisa Milligan from our Firearms Investigation Team said: "At this stage we are looking to establish exactly where the incident took place, and speak to any witnesses who saw or heard anything suspicious on Tuesday evening, either in the Halewood or Widnes areas.

"Although Ramsbrook Lane is a rural location, we're hopeful that someone locally may have seen or captured something of note, either on CCTV or dashcam. Likewise, if you have heard anything since as to what happened and why, let us know directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers. We're working with colleagues in Cheshire and will act on all information to find those responsible and put them before the courts.

"This year has seen a significant decrease in the use of firearms in Merseyside and only yesterday, four men were sentenced to 124 years in prison for the murder of a man earlier this year. The consequences of carrying and using weapons can be catastrophic, so tell us what you know and we'll take action."

Anyone with information can contact our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook with reference 20000761599.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
