```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested four men and seized a cannabis farm following a warrant in Garston yesterday, Monday 14 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men in custody after cannabis farm found in Garston
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/four-men-in-custody-after-cannabis-farm-found-in-garston/
title: Four men in custody after cannabis farm found in Garston | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/four-men-in-custody-after-cannabis-farm-found-in-garston/
```

11:39 15/09/2020

We have arrested four men and seized a cannabis farm following a warrant in Garston yesterday, Monday 14 September.

At around 6pm, Matrix officers entered a property on Lowbridge Court and found 16 plants and a large quantity of cannabis across two rooms, as well as equipment. Four men were detained inside, as follows:

A 21-year-old man from Runcorn; a 21-year-old man from Speke; a 29-year-old man from Speke; and a 24-year-old man from Runcorn. All were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production and possession with intent to supply cannabis. They remain in custody for questioning.

Inspector Colin Dyer said: "Cannabis farms within our communities cause so much risk and harm, and it's good news for those in the area that this one has been removed, and four men arrested.

"The growth, storage and sale of cannabis brings many risks to our communities. It is far from a victimless crime. Drug supply is closely linked to serious organised criminals and violence, and in removing such farms, we're making your communities safer.

"Stand with us and tell us if you suspect similar is happening where you are."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
