```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July) are appealing for more witnesses to come forward with information or footage.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for more witnesses after city centre incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/appeal-for-more-witnesses-after-city-centre-incident/
title: Appeal for more witnesses after city centre incident | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/appeal-for-more-witnesses-after-city-centre-incident/
```

14:46 26/07/2020

Detectives investigating an incident in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July) are appealing for more witnesses to come forward with information or footage.

A total of 11 people have now been arrested as enquiries continue into the fight on Victoria Street, and the condition of one of the three victims in hospital has now deteriorated.

We were called just before 9.20pm to a report a group of men had an altercation at The Shankly Hotel before fighting on Victoria Street, and that three men had sustained injuries after being punched.

Two of the injured men, both aged 22, were treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to hospital for further treatment for head injuries. One remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital, while the condition of the second has deteriorated and he is now in a critical condition.

The third injured man, a 38-year-old man from St Helens, was later located and taken to hospital for assessment. He was arrested on suspicion of affray and remains in hospital where he is in a stable condition.

A 19-year-old man from Roby and a 32-year-old man from St Helens were also arrested on suspicion of affray and taken into custody to be interviewed.

Later in the evening, at about 11.30pm, an assault was reported at the Boar's Head pub on Elton Road, St Helens.

Officers attended and five men were arrested in connection with the Victoria Street incident. One of the suspects was reportedly racially abusive to an officer attempting to arrest him, and a quantity of white powder was found during a search of another of the arrested men.

A 25-year-old man from Sutton Leach was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 28-year-old man from St Helens was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults and possession of a Class A drug

A 30-year-old man from Thatto Heath was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 31-year-old man from St Helens arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 37-year-old man from Thatto Heath was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults and a racially aggravated public order offence

As a result of further enquires, three more men - a 33-year-old from St Helens; a 27-year-old from Sutton Manor and a 32-year-old from Eccleston - were arrested on Saturday on suspicion of affray and Section 18 assault.

All but the 28-year-old being treated in hospital have now been released on conditional bail.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Nilsen said: "We have received lots of information from the public about this incident, and are extremely grateful to everyone who has come forward with details of what they saw or sent camera footage of parts of the incident. It has helped us make significant progress as we piece together what took place, and we have so far made 11 arrests.

"This incident clearly involved a large number of people, and we know from witness accounts and footage already obtained that there were a lot of bystanders and a number of vehicles passing when it happened.

"While many have contacted us, we believe there are others out there who have yet to tell us what they saw, or who they believe was involved.

"I want to appeal directly to those people to come forward. This incident has left three people in hospital, and one of them is now in a critical condition. For his sake, and for the sake of his family, please do the right thing and tell us what you know, and send us any footage. It really could make the difference and help us bring all of those responsible to justice.

"I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area of Victoria Street at around 9.20pm to check their dashcam to see if they captured any of the incident or possible offenders leaving the scene. You could be in possession of vital evidence that may secure convictions and help take violent offenders off our streets."

You can upload footage direct to the police by clicking on this link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000438337

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information about who was involved or footage can DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 quoting incident reference 20000438337 or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
