```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have today welcomed the sentencing of a Kirkby man following a fatal collision in St Helens in 2018.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family of Sheila Barrett issue picture and tribute following sentencing of George Jones
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/family-of-sheila-barrett-issue-picture-and-tribute-following-sentencing-of-george-jones/
title: Family of Sheila Barrett issue picture and tribute following sentencing of George Jones | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/family-of-sheila-barrett-issue-picture-and-tribute-following-sentencing-of-george-jones/
```

17:53 16/10/2020

We have today welcomed the sentencing of a Kirkby man following a fatal collision in St Helens in 2018.

At around 5.40pm on Thursday, 6 December 2018, a report was received of a collision involving two cars on the Liverpool-bound carriageway of the A580 East Lancashire Road, at its junction with Catchdale Moss Lane.

70-year-old Sheila Barrett, who was a passenger in one of the cars, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital where she sadly died.

Following an investigation by Merseyside Police Serious Collision Investigation Unit, George Jones, who was driving the vehicle and was also Sheila's brother-in-law, was charged with causing death by careless driving whilst unfit through drink.

At Liverpool Crown Court today, Friday, 16 October, after pleading guilty, 73-year-old Jones of St Martins Grove, Kirkby, was sentenced to two and a half years in prison and disqualified from driving for three years and three months.

Speaking after the sentencing, Frank Barrett, the son of Sheila Barrett, issued the following tribute:

"We are today still devastated at the death of our mum, grandmother and friend Sheila Barrett. We as a family must try to move on after my uncle George Jones caused the death of our mother due to drink driving. We would like to thank the Police Investigation Team and CPS for all their hard work and a separate thank you to PC Jack Hearnden (FLO) for all his support during this sad time.

"I would also like say to the lady driver of the other vehicle involved in the accident. We as a family do not blame you in any way for this terrible accident. Goodnight and god bless Mum. Your son Frank Barrett."

Sergeant Mike Clarey, from the Roads Policing Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This was a tragic incident which highlights how reckless and irresponsible it is to drink drive and I hope George Jones now takes time to reflect on the devastation his actions have caused.

"Sheila's family are heartbroken at her loss, but I hope today's sentencing goes some way to allowing them to begin healing and moving forward.

"I hope this sentencing serves as a stark warning to road users who may consider driving whilst under the influence. Rest assured that any driver involved in a collision will be breathalysed and action will be taken should they fail that test"
