```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Our #OpTarget officers were across Liverpool yesterday (29th July) carrying out various policing activity to identify criminals involved in serious violence and other related crime.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: 16 arrested following day of activity across Liverpool'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/op-target-16-arrested-following-day-of-activity-across-liverpool/
title: 'Op Target: 16 arrested following day of activity across Liverpool | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/op-target-16-arrested-following-day-of-activity-across-liverpool/
```

12:35 30/07/2020

Our #OpTarget officers were across Liverpool yesterday (29th July) carrying out various policing activity to identify criminals involved in serious violence and other related crime.

We made 16 arrests, conducted four road operations and executed three pre-planned warrants as well as recovering shot gun ammunition during an open land search in Walton, two cannabis farms and seized a number of vehicles.

The day started in Lind Street, Walton where we were joined by Everton in the Community, Liverpool City Council and Outreach. Here we began chatting to residents about their concerns and conducting open land searches in the nearby area.

The majority of the public were very appreciative and supportive of the work being carried out to make their neighbourhood safer.

In the alleyway at the end of Lind Street, officers also found shot gun ammunition and investigations are underway to establish the owner.

****

In total, 16 people were arrested for various offences including breach of court bail, drug driving, possession of Class A drugs, cultivation of cannabis, money laundering and possession of criminal property.

Significant arrests include two men, aged 25 and 29 who were stopped on Scott Close whilst loading a van. They were found in possession of cannabis and two motorbikes, believed to have been stolen. A further search of the address they were leaving was conducted where a large quantity of cash and a quad bike was found. All three bikes and the Mercedes Vito Van the man were loading was seized. Both men were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, possession with intent to supply drugs and money laundering.

****

Following this, a 58 year old woman was issued a penalty notice after being stopped on Antonio Street after she was found in possession of cannabis. She also surrendered a lock knife for destruction.

****

Plain clothed officers around Weldon Street then became aware of a strong smell of cannabis and after house to house enquiries, they found the source of the smell - a large cannabis farm in one of the properties, filling two rooms. The front door had also been reinforced.

A 27 year old man was arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis.

****

A further patrol were deployed to Townsend Lane after officers on foot also noticed that the area smelt strongly of cannabis. After initial investigations and speaking to neighbours, officers found cannabis waste in one of the gardens so they forced entry into the property where they located another farm, spanning three floors and the basement.

Approximately 200 plants were seized, however unfortunately no one was inside the house and so no arrests have yet been made.

****

Three pre-planned drugs warrants were then conducted at an address on Gladys Street and at two flats on Carisbrooke Road where a small amount of white powder was recovered.

Inspector Jordan Quinn said: "Some normality has resumed and we are pleased to see that a large number of those living and working in Liverpool are starting to come back into the city. Therefore, with more people out and about, we have more eyes and ears on the ground and are thankful to the public who continue to share information with us regarding those involved in crime.

"Our Op Target teams act on this intelligence and proactively police areas that you tell us have a high rate of crime. We are dedicated in our approach and determined to seek out offenders and bring them to justice.

"Liverpool is no place for people to exploit others for their own criminal gains, cause fear in the community and glamourise gang culture. If you know someone involved in any sort of crime, please do not hesitate to contact us. To find out more about #OpTarget, please visit our website: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/police-forces/merseyside-police/areas/campaigns/campaigns/2018/operation-target/"

**PLEASE ALSO SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS HERE:https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/nthlpool**
