```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: '100 Cannabis plants, knives, cars and scrambler bike seized during #OpTarget deployment.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: Proactive policing operation in St Helens leads to weapons and drugs seizure'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-proactive-policing-operation-in-st-helens-leads-to-weapons-and-drugs-seizure/
title: 'Op Target: Proactive policing operation in St Helens leads to weapons and drugs seizure | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-proactive-policing-operation-in-st-helens-leads-to-weapons-and-drugs-seizure/
```

13:01 04/03/2021

100 Cannabis plants, knives, cars and scrambler bike seized during #OpTarget deployment.

At around 2:30pm yesterday (3rd Feb), officers attended a property on Shaw Street following reports that the occupants were involved in drug crime.

Upon arrival, officers noticed a strong smell of cannabis so they forced entry inside where they located a large cannabis farm spanning across two bedrooms and consisting of around 100 plants.

An 18 year old man was found hiding in the upstairs bathroom and was arrested for cultivation of cannabis and extracting electricity. He was taken to custody for questioning.

**__**

Following this, in the early hours of this morning (4th Feb), officers on patrol on Manor Road, Haydock attended an address following suspicions that cars parked near the house were stolen.

Just before 3am, officers noticed a strong smell of cannabis from one of the houses and decided to investigate. They forced entry inside where they detained four men.

Following a search of the property, they seized a quantity of cannabis, nitrous oxide canisters and a stash of weapons.

Two cars and an off road scrambler bike were also seized, suspected as being stolen.

An investigation is ongoing, in which the four men are assisting.

**__**

Inspector Rob Budden said: "Our proactive patrols are key in finding those involved in criminal activity. Taking drugs and weapons off our streets is crucial in saving lives and I would urge anyone with information to do the right thing and report it to us so we can investigate."
