```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We welcome the sentencing of a 28-year-old man who is the latest to be jailed in connection with an international operation targeting criminals who used a mobile encryption service to try to evade detection.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fifth man jailed after criminal encrochat service cracked
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/fifth-man-jailed-after-criminal-encrochat-service-cracked/
title: Fifth man jailed after criminal encrochat service cracked | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/fifth-man-jailed-after-criminal-encrochat-service-cracked/
```

08:06 12/03/2021

We welcome the sentencing of a 28-year-old man who is the latest to be jailed in connection with an international operation targeting criminals who used a mobile encryption service to try to evade detection.

Thomas Brabbins, 28, of Cherry Tree Road, Huyton, was sentenced to seven years six months at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 11 March).

He pleaded guilty to:

• Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs - Cocaine
• Conspiracy to Supply Class B Drugs - Cannabis
• Possession of Class B Drugs With Intent to Supply - Cannabis
• Possession of Criminal Property - Cash & Watches
• Possession of Criminal Property - Cash
• Possession of Class B Drugs - Cannabis

Brabbins used the Encrochat handle 'coastalsummer' to manufacture and distribute large quantities of cocaine and cannabis from his Huyton home.

On Sunday 14 June, officers executed a Misuse of Drugs Act Warrant and found cash totalling more than £30,000 and two Rolex watches valued at more than £10,000 at Brabbins' home address. He was arrested, interviewed and later released under investigation.

On Thursday 12 November, Brabbins was seen to be acting suspiciously when officers stopped a car he was travelling on Brodie Avenue. He was found to be in possession of three mobile phones and more than £2,000 in cash. He was subsequently arrested and later charged.

A total of five Merseyside men have been jailed this year after the operation, which has involved European law enforcement agencies working with the NCA and supported across the UK by police forces and Regional Organised Crime Units.

The operation came about after law enforcement officials in Europe managed to crack the 'encrochat' service being used by criminals involved in serious and organised crime to carry out their business. Arrests are continuing on Merseyside as part of this operation.

Around 60,000 users of encrochat have been identified worldwide, with about 10,000 of them in the UK - all involved in coordinating and planning the supply and distribution of drugs and weapons, money laundering and other criminal activity.

Detective Sergeant Anthony Meakins said: "The sentencing yesterday shows just how seriously police and the courts take those organised criminals who supply drugs across Merseyside and beyond.

"Thomas Brabbins was supplying large amounts of illegal drugs and generating vast profits in doing so. He will now perhaps take time to reflect on the risks he took and the harm he caused, while serving his jail time.

"Brabbins thought that by using encrypted devices he could evade justice. He was wrong, and he won't be last to realise this.

"As part of Operation Venetic, Merseyside Police has so far arrested more than 70 people, many of whom have been charged with serious drug trafficking or firearms offences. This year will see a number of these people continuing to appear before the courts, and we welcome each and every one.

"Merseyside Police, along with law enforcement agencies across the world, will leave no stone unturned in our pursuit of those people who think they are above the law.

"Merseyside and many areas of the UK are safer thanks to this operation, and we will continue to target anyone involved in serious organised crime to keep this positive momentum going."
