```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Stockbridge Village are introducing a Section 60 order and have set up a mobile police station following the murder of a 19-year-old man on Thursday evening (12 November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 order introduced in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/section-60-order-introduced-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Section 60 order introduced in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/section-60-order-introduced-in-stockbridge-village/
```

15:48 13/11/2020

Officers in Stockbridge Village are introducing a Section 60 order and have set up a mobile police station following the murder of a 19-year-old man on Thursday evening (12 November).

A 33-year-old man from Huyton was arrested this morning (Friday 13 November) on suspicion of murder following the fatal shooting on Boode Croft at 6.30pm, and remains in custody.

The area remains cordoned off while forensic examinations are conducted, and house-to-house enquiries have been carried out while CCTV opportunities are also being explored.

We have stepped up high visibility patrols in the area to reassure the local community which will continue throughout the weekend.

A mobile police station has been set up on Boode Croft so that members of the community can provide information direct, and raise any concerns they might have.

And from 3pm today (Friday 13 November) a Section 60 order will be in place in Stockbridge Village until 5am tomorrow (Saturday 14 November).

The Order, under S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop males aged 16-40 in the area (pictured) and is designed to minimise serious violence in the area.

The area is bounded at the bottom by Princess Drive then running along Seth Powell Way and the M57, then down to Deysbrook Lane before meeting again at Princess Drive. The authorisation includes the roads at the boundary and the area and land within it.

Superintendent for Knowsley Community Policing Jennifer Wilson said: "Thankfully tragic incidents such as the murder of this young man are extremely rare.

"Our officers have made an arrest and will leave no stone unturned in our pursuit of anyone involved in this incident, or indeed anyone prepared to endanger the lives of other people by carrying weapons in Merseyside.

"This Section 60 order has been introduced to give us more power to stop people in an effort to prevent any further violence.

"We regularly patrol Stockbridge Village, and I want to reassure people who live there that you will see our officers out in force in the coming days, both in uniform and plain clothes.

"They are not there to trouble responsible people going about their business and if you see us in the street or see the mobile police station, come and say hello and if you have any information or concerns, please do share that with us.

"We are here to listen and we want what everyone in the community wants - to ensure you can live and work in an environment free of criminals bringing violence to the streets.

"If you speak to us about this incident or any other criminality, we will take appropriate action."

Anyone who has any information which could help detectives with their enquiries is asked to contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' quoting the reference number 20000688863. You can also upload information here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/05MP20M39-PO1

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
