```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Wavertree man to prison following a burglary in Liverpool City Centre reported earlier this week.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wavertree man sentenced to prison following burglary earlier this week in Liverpool City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/wavertree-man-sentenced-to-prison-following-burglary-earlier-this-week-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Wavertree man sentenced to prison following burglary earlier this week in Liverpool City Centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/wavertree-man-sentenced-to-prison-following-burglary-earlier-this-week-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

12:02 26/03/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Wavertree man to prison following a burglary in Liverpool City Centre reported earlier this week.

30-year-old Jeffrey Dey from Langton Road was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison after appearing and pleading guilty at Liverpool Magistrates Court yesterday, Wednesday 25 March. He was also ordered to pay compensation.

At around 2am on Tuesday 24 March, officers on patrol in Charlotte Street detained a man at Wetherspoons after a report was received of entry being gained. Dey was detained nearby and arrested and charged with burglary.

Speaking following the sentencing, Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "I hope this sentencing and other recent burglary arrests we've made gives some confidence to businesses and residents alike, during these very challenging times.

"We know that some businesses will be closed for a long period of time but our officers continue to patrol in the right areas, respond to reports, and put those people who think this is an opportunity to commit crime before the courts.

"The arrest of Dey was an excellent piece of police work which resulted in a burglar being swiftly detained and brought to justice. It was also the result of an online report received by a member of public, so keep coming forward and we'll work together to keep such positive results coming.

"If you want to report a burglary, always call 999 if a crime is in progress. You can also pass information via @MerPolCC, 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
