```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Following the execution of two warrants in Liverpool yesterday (Thursday, 19 November) to target those involved in County Lines drugs supply, one man has been charged.


    Scott Beveridge, 27 years of Amanda Road, Fazakerley has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. He will appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court today, Friday 20 November.


    A 30-year-old woman also arrested, has been released under investigation.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged following raids to tackle County Lines drugs supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/man-charged-following-raids-to-tackle-county-lines-drugs-supply/
title: Man charged following raids to tackle County Lines drugs supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/man-charged-following-raids-to-tackle-county-lines-drugs-supply/
```

10:02 20/11/2020

****UPDATE - FRIDAY, 20 NOVEMBER** Following the execution of two warrants in Liverpool yesterday (Thursday, 19 November) to target those involved in County Lines drugs supply, one man has been charged.**

**Scott Beveridge, 27 years of Amanda Road, Fazakerley has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. He will appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court today, Friday 20 November.**

**A 30-year-old woman also arrested, has been released under investigation.**

**ORIGINAL -**

Officers have today, Thursday 19 November, executed two warrants at an addresses in Walton and Fazakerley to target those involved in County Lines into Barrow and Blackpool.

The activity was part of the ongoing Project Medusa, an operation led by Merseyside Police set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

Two people, a 27-year-old man from Fazakerley and 30-year-old woman from Kirkdale, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply illegal drugs, following the seizure of what is believed to be a large amount of Class A drugs.

Officers also recovered what is believed to be Class A drugs, a Rolex watch, designer clothing and a car.

Inspector Katie Wilkinson said: "Today's warrant is on the back of the work we're carrying out day in day out, to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Despite the global pandemic, it is business as usual for these criminals, who will carry out this type of activity, despite the restrictions that are in place, risking the health of everyone they come into contact with, when we should be doing all we can to halt the spread of the virus.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

Anyone with information which could assist our investigation into County Lines criminality can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
