```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Community Policing officers in Clubmoor have authorised a dispersal zone this weekend as a response to increased reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in the Queens Drive area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Zone - Clubmoor
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/dispersal-zone---clubmoor/
title: Dispersal Zone - Clubmoor | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/dispersal-zone---clubmoor/
```

13:47 07/02/2020

Community Policing officers in Clubmoor have authorised a dispersal zone this weekend as a response to increased reports of anti-social behaviour and crime in the Queens Drive area.

The zone, which will be in place from 4pm today (Friday 7th February) until 4pm on Sunday (9th February), includes the area mapped.

This comprises the area bounded by Queens Drive (east bound) from the junction of Richard Kelly Drive to Sandeman Road to Cherry lane to Richard Kelly Drive and back along Richard Kelly Drive to the junction of Queens Drive (east bound).

The order comes under Section 34/35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014 which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to leave the area for up to 48 hours.

If a person has been directed to leave the area and returns during the period of the dispersal notice, an offence will have been committed.

Any breaches of this can lead to their arrest.

Community Policing Inspector Graeme Rooney said: "This dispersal zone is a response to recent issues including reports of groups of individuals congregating around the area of McDonalds Queens Drive and engaging in antisocial behaviour.

"We had reports of people smoking cannabis, being verbally abusive and criminal damage.

"We recognise the impact that anti-social behaviour has on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people involved in this type of behaviour for the next 48 hours.

"To the vast majority of law-abiding members of the community, I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
