```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested nine people on suspicion of firearms and drugs offences and recovered guns, Class A drugs and cash following a stop search in Huyton yesterday, Friday 29th January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nine people arrested and guns and drugs seized following stop check in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/nine-people-arrested-and-guns-and-drugs-seized-following-stop-check-in-huyton/
title: Nine people arrested and guns and drugs seized following stop check in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/nine-people-arrested-and-guns-and-drugs-seized-following-stop-check-in-huyton/
```

16:51 30/01/2021

We have arrested nine people on suspicion of firearms and drugs offences and recovered guns, Class A drugs and cash following a stop search in Huyton yesterday, Friday 29th January.

Officers stopped a car on Roby Road yesterday afternoon and spoke to the occupants. The passenger of the car, a 16 year-old male, was searched and a quantity of cannabis was found. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug and being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

The driver of the car, a 45 year-old man, made off from officers before being detained a short time later.

As a result of his detention a search was carried out at a property on Shop Road in Knowsley Village. During the search officers recovered three firearms and a quantity of ammunition.

A large quantity of cash and a quantity of Class A and Class B drugs was also recovered.

The man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, obstructing a constable and assaulting an emergency worker.

A further search took place at a property in Maple Court and a further firearm was seized (below) and additional searches were carried out at properties in Hazelslack Road, Liverpool; Waterfield Way, Litherland and Queens Drive, Liverpool.All weapons and drugs have been seized for forensic examination.

In total nine people have been arrested.

A 33 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and ammunition and being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

A 57 year-old woman, a 56 year-old man and a 18 year-old male were all arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearms, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A 21 year-old male, a 19 year-old female and a 15 year-old male were all arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm.

All currently remain in custody where they are being questioned by detectives.

Detective Inspector Paul McVeigh said: "Merseyside Police is committing to removing guns from our streets and this was a significant result which came on the back of a stop search by officers. I am delighted that we were able to seize these weapons and ammunition to prevent them being used to cause fear or worry in our communities.

"We know that drug dealing and its associated criminality also causes misery for many people and I am glad that we were able to take such positive action to seize the drugs.

"I would appeal to anyone who has information about weapons or guns in their community to come forward so that we can take positive."

Got information about criminality in your area? DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
