```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man on suspicion of a homophobic public order offence at the Tranmere Rovers versus Wycombe Wanderers football match at Prenton Park this afternoon, Sunday 17 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested on suspicion of homophobic public order offence following incident at Prenton Park, Tranmere
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-homophobic-public-order-offence-following-incident-at-prenton-park-tranmere/
title: Man arrested on suspicion of homophobic public order offence following incident at Prenton Park, Tranmere | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-homophobic-public-order-offence-following-incident-at-prenton-park-tranmere/
```

18:12 17/11/2019

We have arrested a man on suspicion of a homophobic public order offence following Tranmere Rovers versus Wycombe Wanderers at Prenton Park this afternoon, Sunday 17 November.

Following a report from a steward during the match, a 24-year-old man from Tranmere was arrested on suspicion of homophobic Section 5 Public order, following alleged homophobic abuse of the referee. He has been taken to a police station for questioning.

We are also working alongside both clubs and the FA following a further allegation of homophobic abuse directed towards the Wycombe Wanderers goalkeeper during the game.

Chief Inspector Jason Crellin said: "We're grateful to the player, both clubs and the stewarding staff for intervening and reporting these abhorrent incidents immediately. I also want to reassure them and everyone present and watching on television that we will be working alongside both clubs and the authorities to fully investigate the allegations.

"If you were at the game and saw, heard or recorded anything, let us know and we will take positive action.

"Hate crime has no place in our communities, and not least at a showcase sporting event attended and watched by many people.

"We're determined to do all in our powers to identify anyone involved in such offences, and ensure they are put before the courts. We stand alongside the club in our resolve to ensure that any such incident is reported promptly and investigated thoroughly."

Anyone with information can contact @MerPolCC or 101 with reference 297 of 17 November. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
