```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives have arrested three people in connection with a fatal shooting in Litherland earlier this week.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested in connection with murder of Michael Rainsford in Litherland
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-of-michael-rainsford-in-litherland/
title: Three arrested in connection with murder of Michael Rainsford in Litherland | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-of-michael-rainsford-in-litherland/
```

16:37 10/04/2020

Detectives have arrested three people in connection with a fatal shooting in Litherland earlier this week.

Shortly before 11.10pm on Tuesday, 7 April, officers were called to Harrington Road following reports a 20-year-old man had been shot through the window of a house by offenders believed to be on an electric bike outside.

Emergency services attended and the victim, 20-year-old Michael Rainsford, was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

A Home Office Post Mortem confirmed the cause of death as gunshot wounds.

Following enquiries, officers arrested three males on suspicion of murder in connection with the incident.

A 22-year-old man from Seaforth has since been released on conditional bail, while a 17-year-old from Kirkby and a 17-year-old from Netherton currently remain in police custody.
​
An investigation is ongoing and detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information to come forward.
​
Detective Superintendent Richie Salter said: "We continue to carry out a number of enquiries following the murder or Michael Rainsford earlier this week and I would urge those who may have information and haven't come forward yet, to please contact us.

"We now believe the offenders may have arrived and left the scene using an electric bike. We keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area and seen an electric bike around the time of the incident and would ask you to please get in touch.
​
"Likewise, if you have any further information, dashcam or CCTV footage, please let us know. Any information you provide may prove vital to the investigation."

You can contact us with any information at @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
