```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Yesterday (8th April) officers undertook a warrant at an address on Flint Street, Liverpool where they found a cannabis farm worth in the region of &#163;3.5 million.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrant leads officers to &#163;3.5 million cannabis farm
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/warrant-leads-officers-to-3.5-million-cannabis-farm/
title: Warrant leads officers to &#163;3.5 million cannabis farm | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/warrant-leads-officers-to-3.5-million-cannabis-farm/
```

11:14 09/04/2020

Yesterday (8th April) officers undertook a warrant at an address on Flint Street, Liverpool where they found a cannabis farm worth in the region of £3.5 million.

Officers from our Liverpool Targeted Team arrived at the property at around 9am yesterday to carry out the pre-planned warrant.

Upon entry, a large cannabis factory was discovered containing 884 cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £3.5 million.

A man, aged 32 from Liverpool was found hiding inside the property. He was arrested on suspicion of Production of Cannabis.

Inspector Leigh Price said "This warrant comes as a direct result from the community who have confided in us and trusted us to investigate.

"Often those involved in drug crime can lead to other more serious violence and we mustn't let these people cause fear in our communities whilst making financial gains from taking advantage of vulnerable people.

"As well as drugs having serious negative repercussions in the area, Scottish Power also attended this property and found the electricity meter had been so seriously abstracted that the road outside needed to be dug up to rectify this. This causes further unnecessary financial strains on our authorities as well as inconvenience to local residents.

"Regardless, this is a great recovery and I am pleased that a massive amount of drugs has been taken out of distribution. I also want to reassure the public that despite the current uncertainty, we will always protect them, always investigate information provided to us and always do everything we can to keep our communities as safe as they can be.

"Anyone with information around this incident should contact us quoting crime reference: 20000206055. Alternatively, if you believe you have information on others involved in criminality, then please tell us." #OpTarget
