```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are investigating on Saturday, 25 November, following reports of two non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkdale and Walton.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following two non-injury discharges in Kirkdale and Walton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-two-non-injury-fireams-discharges-in-kirkdale-and-walton/
title: Appeal following two non-injury discharges in Kirkdale and Walton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-two-non-injury-fireams-discharges-in-kirkdale-and-walton/
```

17:17 25/01/2020

We are investigating on Saturday, 25 November, following reports of two non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkdale and Walton.

Officers were contacted at around 12.29am to reports that a property in Smeaton Street, Kirkdale, had been shot at causing damage to the property but no injuries.

A few minutes later at 12.32am another property in Wilburn Street, Walton, was shot at, again causing damage but no injuries.

Detectives are keeping an open mind as to whether the two incidents are linked.

An investigation is currently underway and house-to-house and forensic enquiries are being carried out in the local area.

Chief Inspector Sarah Jones said: "The investigations into both incidents are currently in their early stages and we are working to establish what has happened.

"I would appeal for anyone who was in the area, as the two properties are in close proximity, in Smeaton Street and Wilburn Street, in the early hours of this morning who has seen anything to contact us a matter of urgency as they may have information which is vital to this investigation.

"We share the disgust the community feels and I want to reassure the public that we are committed to tackling gun crime and we will continue to take action to protect our communities from individuals who use firearms recklessly with no thought for members of the public."

"The community will have seen extra patrols responding to the incidents in the area last night, and can expect to see more again in the coming days and nights with officers out speaking to the community and providing a highly visible presence.

"Our presence in and around the Kirkdale area is to reassure the community and work with them in finding out who is responsible for this unacceptable incident. We encourage anyone with any information to come forward and talk to us or if they are fearful to talk anonymously to Crimestoppers as without their help we cannot progress this investigation and bring the offenders to justice."

"There is no place for firearms, or those who use them and bring fear to our communities, on our streets. We need members of the public to stand with us, and come forward with information."

Information from the public is vital, anyone with information is asked to contact us by calling 101 or DM us @MerPolCC quoting ref 023 and 025 of 25 January, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
