```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Our Roads Policing Unit and local policing officers carried out a successful enforcement operation in Liverpool City Centre yesterday (Tuesday 19 January).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Roads Policing Unit makes arrests following enforcement operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/roads-policing-unit-makes-four-arrests-following-enforcement-operation/
title: Roads Policing Unit makes arrests following enforcement operation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/roads-policing-unit-makes-four-arrests-following-enforcement-operation/
```

13:14 20/01/2021

Our Roads Policing Unit and local policing officers carried out a successful enforcement operation in Liverpool City Centre yesterday (Tuesday 19 January).

Officers were deployed in marked vehicles to target Covid breaches, private hire and hackney cab licence breaches, and to deal with defective vehicles for the safety of all road users.

From 10am a total of 73 vehicles were stopped, largely at check sites on Great Homer Street - with an additional 20 stop searches made.

Officers made multiple arrests: including two drug driving arrests, a recall to prison, and two arrest warrants for failing to appear in court. A total of 15 drivers were advised by officers for minor licence breaches.

One stop found three occupants from different households sharing a vehicle, in breach of Coronavirus regulations. All received a fine, the driver was arrested for drug driving, and the car was seized for having no insurance.

The operation also saw taxi drivers advised for failing to secure ramps safely, posing a risk to passengers who use wheelchairs or prams to access the vehicle.

Inspector Carl McNulty said: "The arrests and searches made yesterday goes to show how vital our road operations are, particularly with the urgent public health situation we are facing. The general public gave very positive feedback that the Covid rules were being policed.

"As a result of this work, defective and uninsured vehicles which can cause harm to the public have been removed. We've also taken dangerous drug drivers off the streets who could have caused serious injury to other drivers or pedestrians.

"It's also a helpful reminder to the public that anyone we stop who is breaching Covid regulations by sharing vehicles with other households not in their bubble will be fined. With Coronavirus numbers so high in our region, this type of behaviour is hugely irresponsible.

"Keeping our roads safe for all road users is vital, and we will continue doing all in our power to challenge the few who break the rules."

You can follow our @MerpolTraffic on Twitter for the latest updates on roads policing. Please report any concerns about driving via 999 if a crime is progress, to our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, or anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
