```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are welcoming the sentencing of a man today, Wednesday 3 March, in connection with violent disorder in Anfield in July 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for disorder after Liverpool Premier League win
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-disorder-after-liverpool-premier-league-win2/
title: Man jailed for disorder after Liverpool Premier League win | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-disorder-after-liverpool-premier-league-win2/
```

15:07 03/03/2021

Detectives are welcoming the sentencing of a man today, Wednesday 3 March, in connection with violent disorder in Anfield in July 2020.

Jake Hayes, 28, of Brook Street Birkenhead, was jailed for 20 months at Liverpool Crown Court, following an extensive investigation which has seen three other men jailed.

At around 11.25pm on Wednesday 22 July, disorder broke out between groups in the Walton Breck Road area after Liverpool FC's trophy lifting ceremony, which included fighting and bottles being thrown. The groups dispersed a short time later and CCTV and witness enquiries were carried out.

Three men from Birkenhead - William Duggan, 21, Jake Robinson, 20, and Jake Duffy, 20 - were sentenced for violent disorder at Liverpool Crown Court in November 2020.

Hayes attempted to evade justice and was wanted by police, with extensive enquiries leading to his arrest in February this year.

Speaking following the sentencing, Detective Constable Nicholas Glascott-Tull said: "It is pleasing to see another violent and reckless man behind bars following this incident. Members of the group were clearly intent on causing trouble following the trophy lifting ceremony and were a danger to the public.

"Although there was a large gathering of supporters on the night, very few incidents were reported outside the ground and in the wider Anfield area. However, it later came to light that there was this flashpoint involving a small number of people during which punches were thrown, and objects were launched between groups of people.

"These violent incidents cause fear in the community and damage the reputation of our city. We will not tolerate this behaviour and encourage anyone to report it to us so that we can take action."
