```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Two Tranmere Rovers supporters have been sentenced for assault following an incident in Tranmere last August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tranmere Rovers fans sentenced for assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/tranmere-rovers-fans-sentenced-for-assault/
title: Tranmere Rovers fans sentenced for assault | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/tranmere-rovers-fans-sentenced-for-assault/
```

17:08 04/09/2020

Two Tranmere Rovers supporters have been sentenced for assault following an incident in Tranmere last August.

33-year-old Simon Holme of Seabank Road in New Brighton was sentenced to 14 months in prison suspended for 24 months, 25 days rehabilitation and engagement with the Resolve programme for Section 47 assault.

32-year-old Christopher Cosgrove of Saxon Road in Moreton was also sentenced to 14 months in prison suspended for 24 months, 25 days rehabilitation and engagement with the Resolve programme for Section 47 assault.

Both men pleaded guilty last month and were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court today, Friday 4 September.

At around 3.15pm on Saturday 3 August, 2019, Holme and Cosgrove carried out an unprovoked assault on a fellow Tranmere fan in the beer garden of the Prenton Park pub on Prenton Park Road. The victim was left unconscious after being repeatedly kicked and punched.

The two suspects then went to watch the Tranmere v Rochdale match at Prenton Park, where they were identified and subsequently arrested.

Speaking after the sentencing, Superintendent Paul White, Match Commander, said: "Holme and Cosgrove carried out this vicious and completely unprovoked attack before having to temerity to stroll off to watch their team play. The vigilant work of our officers ensured both were swiftly identified and arrested, and will now be held to account for their disgusting actions.

"We want everyone to enjoy football matches on Merseyside and it is unfair that some supporters, be it a few, ruin it for everyone else. As we move towards spectators attending sporting events again, this hard work will continue. Incidents of violence before, during and after football matches are rare these days, which increases our determination to tackle each and every one and eliminate such behaviour for events across Merseyside.

"We recognise that the majority of supporters are well behaved. However, there are a small minority who put themselves and others in danger and we will always work with clubs to identify those people and put them before the courts.

"We will continue to work closely with all of our local clubs to make matches safe and enjoyable occasions for everyone."
