```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police are this weekend reminding residents to stay safe and continue to follow the Coronavirus lockdown rules.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reminder to stay safe and stick by the rules during national lockdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/reminder-to-stay-safe-and-stick-by-the-rules-during-national-lockdown/
title: Reminder to stay safe and stick by the rules during national lockdown | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/reminder-to-stay-safe-and-stick-by-the-rules-during-national-lockdown/
```

12:41 20/03/2021

Merseyside Police are this weekend reminding residents to stay safe and continue to follow the Coronavirus lockdown rules.

While the majority of people in Merseyside are continuing to abide by the rules we know that some people are still choosing to blatantly flout the regulations.

Our officers will continue to challenge people who are making unnecessary journeys, meeting large in groups or mixing between households indoors and fixed penalty notices will be issued where appropriate.

Chief Inspector Col Rooney said: "We recognise the frustration everyone feels as the national lockdown continues but it's now more important than ever that we stick by the rules to protect ourselves, our loved ones and the NHS.

"I would like to thank all those people who continue to abide by the rules in order to protect themselves and other people and would strongly urge anyone planning to meet in multiple households, either inside or outside, to consider the consequences of their actions and not put themselves at risk of receiving a substantial fine.

"Coronavirus regulations are still in place - they apply to everyone, and they're there to protect our health.

"While we have a roadmap in place to lift restrictions, we are still in a national lockdown and people are only permitted to mix outdoors with one other person outside their household or support bubble.

"We know that weekends are normally a time for socialising with groups of friends and eating and drinking in pubs and restaurants but that still isn't possible at the moment. Restrictions will only be lifted if everyone follows the rules so I'd urge everyone across Merseyside to pull together so that we can return to normal and mix with family and friends a lot sooner."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings planned illegally, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
