```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Working alongside Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service (MFRS) and Trading Standards, &#163;3,500 worth of fireworks were seized by officers in Liscard, Wirral last night, Thursday 29 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&#163;3,500 worth of fireworks seized at Liscard lock-up following joint operation'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/3500-worth-of-fireworks-seized-at-liscard-lock-up-following-joint-operation/
title: '&#163;3,500 worth of fireworks seized at Liscard lock-up following joint operation | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/3500-worth-of-fireworks-seized-at-liscard-lock-up-following-joint-operation/
```

11:28 30/10/2020

Working alongside Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service (MFRS) and Trading Standards, £3,500 worth of fireworks were seized by officers in Liscard, Wirral last night, Thursday 29 October.

The fireworks (pictured) were found at a lock-up in Seacombe following information received. They include commercial grade fireworks commonly used in organised displays. The fireworks were seized by MFRS Protection Officers under the Health & Safety At Work Act. They will now be destroyed.

Joe Cunliffe, Station Manager at Merseyside Fire & Rescue Service, said: "Fireworks are not toys - they are explosives and should be treated with respect. The misuse of fireworks can lead to serious and permanent injury like losing fingers, serious burns and even sight loss.

"Selling fireworks from the back of a van, a house or, in this case a lock-up, is illegal. You might think that you are getting a good deal but if it seems too good to be true, it probably is.

"Only buy fireworks from reputable retailers who are registered with Merseyside Fire & Rescue Service. When you buy fireworks, always check they have the CE mark. If they don't, they are probably fake and should not be used. Counterfeit fireworks are dangerous and can seriously injure you.

"We will continue to work closely with our colleagues and Merseyside Police and Trading Standards to ensure any information we receive about the illegal sale of fireworks is followed up and those involved are held responsible for their actions.

"Remember, if you must have fireworks at home, they should only be used by a responsible adult who should always follow the Firework Code."

Community Policing Inspector Paul Harrison said: "As we have emphasised already on the lead-up to Bonfire Night, it is illegal for those under the age of 18 to buy, carry, or use fireworks. Under the Explosives Act of 1875 it is also illegal to let off or throw a firework in a public place. We have seen recent incidents on the Wirral of fireworks being thrown at people and property. The dangers of this, plus their illegal storage, are plain to see, and will not be tolerated.

"We will maintain a common sense approach during the Halloween and Bonfire night period - and are working to encourage people to respect the restrictions and explain why they are so important. Where people are flouting restrictions, we will however take action.

"No one should have to suffer being the victim of anti-social behaviour and I would like to reassure everyone that there will be extra high-visibility patrols during this time. We know the vast majority of young people have respect for other people and their property but we know the behaviour of some can go beyond fun.

"I would urge those young people who may be considering behaving in an unacceptable way to think about what you are doing and how you may make other people feel. How would you feel if a member of your own family was too frightened to leave their own home or walk down the street? Under no circumstances is it ok to throw things at people or their homes, commit criminal damage or abuse or intimidate people.

"If you decide to have fireworks at home, please observe the restrictions and always follow the firework code."

To report a crime, always contact 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, you can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK.
