```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of James Taylor in Liverpool last year are issuing stills and video in a further appeal for information.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: James Taylor murder Detectives issue images and video in further appeal for information
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/james-taylor-murder-detectives-issue-images-and-video-in-further-appeal-for-information/
title: James Taylor murder Detectives issue images and video in further appeal for information | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/james-taylor-murder-detectives-issue-images-and-video-in-further-appeal-for-information/
```

14:28 21/02/2020

Detectives investigating the murder of James Taylor in Liverpool last year are issuing stills and video in a further appeal for information.

At around 8pm on Thursday 7 February 2019, emergency services were called to Addison Street, near to Liverpool City Centre, to reports of shots being fired. 34-year-old James was pronounced deceased at the scene.

He had been parked in Addison Street waiting to pick up his daughter from Marybone Youth and Community Association.

The video shows:
1) Freemasons Row, running parallel to Leeds Street in Liverpool centre. The location where the Ford Fiesta believed to have contained James's killers parked up prior to the murder
2) An image of this Ford Fiesta found burnt out in nearby Summer Seat later that night
3) Addison Street, where James Taylor was parked up when he was fatally shot. Across the road is Marybone Youth and Community Association
4) White Ford Transit van driving off from Freemasons Row following the murder

Further images are being issued of:

1) Ford Fiesta found burnt out in nearby Summer Seat later that night

2) A green Landrover seen in Freemasons Row on the day of the murder

3) A green Landrover seen in Freemasons Row on the day of the murder

4) White Ford Transit van driving off from Freemasons Row following the murder

5) Audi A3 Black edition in grey seen on in the day of the murder, on the car park of Marybone Youth and Community Association

A total of ten men have been arrested in connection with the murder, and all remain under investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson, who is leading the investigation, said: "These stills and clips could be absolutely vital in tracking down those responsible for the brutal murder of James last year. Progress continues to be made and we're grateful for all information received so far, which has led to several arrests and a number of positive leads of enquiry.

"These videos and images are part of piecing together the exact movements of those involved, and where they ended up. The white Ford Transit van has yet to be identified but has distinctive orange and yellow chevrons on the rear and is a 2006-2014 model. The Landrover also has unusual chrome wing mirrors. If you were in the area on the night of the murder and remember seeing these vehicles, or have dashcam, let us know. Any small detail could be vital.

"If you're fearful about repercussions, we understand, but there are ways to get information to us anonymously, and we will deal sensitively with anything you tell us."

You can contact us directly via @MerPolCC, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously with crime reference 19100038615.
