```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested two men aged 24 and 32 for drugs offences and conducted a search warrant at a property on Prestbury Road, Liverpool yesterday evening (13th October) where a number of weapons were found.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Two arrested and multiple weapons recovered'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-two-arrested-and-multiple-weapons-recovered/
title: 'OP TARGET: Two arrested and multiple weapons recovered | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-two-arrested-and-multiple-weapons-recovered/
```

12:40 14/10/2020

Officers have arrested two men aged 24 and 32 for drugs offences and conducted a search warrant at a property on Prestbury Road, Liverpool yesterday evening (13th October) where a number of weapons were found.

The two men were originally arrested earlier on in the day for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs after officers on patrol near West derby Cemetery stop searched them. Here, officers recovered suspected heroin and cocaine.

The warrant was then conducted where officers located cannabis and a number of weapons including several lock knives, a gas powered pistol, .22 air rifle with silencer, a machete, an ice axe, nunchucks and a gun holster.

"These weapons are extremely dangerous and have the potential to seriously injure or kill another person. The perception of carrying a weapon must change - they will not protect you - we must all work together to educate young people around the dangers of crime and deter others from getting involved in it." Detective Inspector Amy Smith said.

The men were taken to custody for questioning.

D/Insp Smith added: "We are aware of drug dealing going on in the West Derby area and because of this, we are using police tactics to spot those who may be involved in this type of criminality.

"As a result of yesterday's stop search, a number of dangerous weapons have also been taken off our streets.

"It is extremely dangerous to have these weapons on your person or hidden in your house and I would advise anyone that may know someone that's carrying a weapon or has been asked to conceal it somewhere, to please get in touch @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK.

"Help us make Liverpool a safer place and report crime to us." **#OpTarget**
