```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives have launched a murder investigation following a fatal shooting in Birkdale last night, Monday, 16 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation underway following fatal shooting - Birkdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/murder-investigation-underway-following-fatal-shooting---birkdale/
title: Murder investigation underway following fatal shooting - Birkdale | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/murder-investigation-underway-following-fatal-shooting---birkdale/
```

10:00 17/03/2020

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following a fatal shooting in Birkdale last night, Monday, 16 March.

Emergency services were called to an address in Guildford Road shortly after 11.35pm to reports that a 27-year-old man had been shot.

Officers and the North West Ambulance Service attended and the victim was treated for critical injuries to his leg and abdomen. He was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

It was reported up to four male offenders, described as wearing facial coverings and dark clothing, made off from the scene in a dark coloured Mercedes in the direction of New Cut Lane. It is also believed at least one of the offenders left on a scrambler bike.

A cordon is in place and officers remain in the Guildford Road area while house-to-house, forensic and CCTV enquiries are carried out.

Detective Superintendent Richie Salter said: "This is a shocking incident and an investigation is underway to establish the full circumstances and find those responsible.

"A young man has lost his life in a tragic and violent way. This is a testing time for all and we are reliant on the public for their support, so I would appeal to anyone who may have information to please come forward.

"You may have seen or heard suspicious behaviour in the Guildford Road area last night, or vehicles fitting the descriptions around the time of the incident, and I would urge you to cast your mind back and please report any information to police.

"We know the local community will be in shock and officers will remain in the area today to provide reassurance and gather information. Gun crime will not be tolerated by Merseyside Police or the communities we serve and I again ask anyone with information on this incident, or dashcam or CCTV footage from Guildford Road or the surrounding area, to please get in touch as it could prove vital to the investigation."

Anyone with information can contact the social media desk at @MerPolCC, call 101 quoting ref. 20000166174 or contact @CrimestopppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
