```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that a former police officer has been sentenced to eight months imprisonment and was banned from driving for two years and four months following a fatal road traffic collision in Liverpool City Centre in 2018.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former officer jailed following fatal road traffic collision in Liverpool City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/former-officer-jailed-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Former officer jailed following fatal road traffic collision in Liverpool City Centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/former-officer-jailed-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

14:51 04/02/2020

We can confirm that a former police officer has been sentenced to eight months imprisonment and was banned from driving for two years and four months following a fatal road traffic collision in Liverpool City Centre in 2018.

57-year-old Andrew McKenna from Seddon Road in Garston pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving and was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court today, Tuesday 4 February.

At around 5.25pm on Thursday 15 February, a Ford Mondeo was in collision with a female pedestrian close to the Cunard Building on Strand.

49-year-old Linda Meagor suffered a serious head injury and was sadly pronounced deceased at hospital.

McKenna was off duty at the time of the incident. He was subsequently questioned and charged following an extensive investigation. McKenna was employed by the force at the time of the incident but has since retired.

Following the sentencing, Inspector Stuart McIver from our Roads Policing Unit said: "Although no sentence can repair the devastation of what happened that afternoon, we hope that today's sentence does at least provide some comfort to Linda's family and friends as they continue to come to terms with her loss.

"McKenna pleaded guilty to causing her death, which at least prevented the additional trauma of a trial for Linda's loved ones.

"However, this case is a tragic example of the consequences of speeding and careless driving, for everyone involved. A momentary lapse of attention or concentration can ruin lives, so I'd urge any motorist to exercise care and attention on the roads at all times."
