```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have carried out a series of warrants and made a number of arrests across north Liverpool and Knowsley this morning, Thursday 10th September, as part of an ongoing operation to target criminality and Class A drug supply.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested, &#163;200k cash and Class A drugs seized as part of operation targeting criminality and drug supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/five-arrested-200k-cash-and-class-a-drugs-seized-as-part-of-operation-targeting-criminality-and-drug-supply/
title: Five arrested, &#163;200k cash and Class A drugs seized as part of operation targeting criminality and drug supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/five-arrested-200k-cash-and-class-a-drugs-seized-as-part-of-operation-targeting-criminality-and-drug-supply/
```

12:00 10/09/2020

We have carried out a series of warrants and made a number of arrests across north Liverpool and Knowsley this morning, Thursday 10th September, as part of an ongoing operation to target criminality and Class A drug supply.

Five warrants were executed and four males and one female were arrested at properties in Melling, Anfield, Huyton and Fazakerley.

In Fazakerley a 24 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to possess criminal property. A 24 year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of criminal property.

In Anfield a 28 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to possess criminal property.

In Melling a 29 year-old was man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A, conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to possess criminal property.

At a separate address in Anfield a 46 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

An estimated 1kg of suspected Class A drugs and approximately £200,000 has also been seized.

Searches of the properties remain ongoing this morning.

All five have been taken into custody where they will be questioned by detectives.

Detective Chief Inspector Allison Woods said: "Our work remains ongoing to target the people responsible for serious and organised crime including drug supply.

"We have a proven track record in dealing with individuals who are responsible for the wholesale supply of illegal drugs both locally and across the country, as well as the use of violence to protect their business interests.

"We have been working closely with partner agencies and neighbouring police forces to target the people who are responsible for bringing misery to our streets.

"I can reassure the communities of Merseyside that the force will continue its fight against those involved in serious organised crime to make our communities safer."
