```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Working alongside Liverpool City Council, we\u2019re offering assurance to businesses that we continue to protect you from crime following two attempted business burglaries in Liverpool yesterday, Tuesday 22 April."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested as we work with Liverpool City Council to targeted attempted business burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/two-men-arrested-as-we-work-with-liverpool-city-council-to-targeted-attempted-business-burglaries/
title: Two men arrested as we work with Liverpool City Council to targeted attempted business burglaries | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/two-men-arrested-as-we-work-with-liverpool-city-council-to-targeted-attempted-business-burglaries/
```

17:44 23/04/2020

Working alongside Liverpool City Council, we're offering assurance to businesses that we continue to protect you from crime following two attempted business burglaries in Liverpool yesterday, Tuesday 22 April.

At around 2.30am, an officer on patrol in Liverpool City Centre responded to a report of a man being seen to kick at the door of Bar Cava on Wood Street. No entry was gained to the premises. A man was detained close by shortly after and found to have no reason to be in the area. The 20-year-old man from Nottingham was arrested on suspicion of attempted burglary and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

At 6.25pm, officers were called to Rimmers Music on Baker Street to reports of a man trying to force access to the shop. Again, no access was gained. Working closely with Liverpool City Council Citywatch, a 53-year-old man from Liverpool was detained and arrested on suspicion of attempted burglary. He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "We understand what a worrying time is for everyone in our communities, including businesses. The last thing any business or individuals wants, at any time, is the added distress and inconvenience of being a victim of crime, so it is pleasing that these incidents were unsuccessful and officers responded swiftly to detain those suspected of being responsible.

"To those who think this is an easy opportunity to commit crime against businesses, these and many other recent arrests show that the reality is quite different. Our officers are still on patrol day and night, across the force, with the capability to respond quickly to such reports, utilising extensive CCTV coverage, witnesses, dashcam and a multitude of other tactics to put those involved before the courts.

"All that has changed in recent weeks is that offenders can be even more conspicuous as they go about their suspicious behaviour. Be aware of anyone you don't recognise acting suspiciously where you are. For business owners, essential workers and anyone living or carrying our essential travel at this time, please report any concerns on 999 if a crime is in action, or via our social media desk @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, and we'll take action."

Cabinet member for communities and partnerships, Cllr Liz Parsons, said: "We've been working hard as a Citysafe Partnership to make sure that businesses are protected during the current lockdown, as the last thing they need at the moment is a break-in or criminal damage at their premises. The CCTV camera that was trained on this area had been funded through the Late Night Levy on bars and pubs, and forms part of a much wider network that our Citywatch control room officers are monitoring regularly so they can identify suspicious activity and direct police to investigate. This is an example of positive partnership action that demonstrated the ability to react to the concerns of the local community and achieve results."
