```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: '**UPDATE - 9.20AM FRIDAY 29TH MAY**


    The four people arrested have all been released on bail pending further enquiries.


    If you have information, or any CCTV or dashcam footage, you can contact us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '**Updated** Four arrested on suspicion of Michael Rainsford'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/four-arrested-on-suspicion-of-michael-rainsford/
title: '**Updated** Four arrested on suspicion of Michael Rainsford | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/four-arrested-on-suspicion-of-michael-rainsford/
```

20:37 28/05/2020

Updated News Post

****UPDATE - 9.20AM FRIDAY 29TH MAY**

The four people arrested have all been released on bail pending further enquiries.

If you have information, or any CCTV or dashcam footage, you can contact us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111. **

ORIGINAL

Detectives have arrested four people in connection with the fatal shooting of Michael Rainsford in Litherland on Tuesday, 7 April.

Shortly before 11.10pm on Tuesday, 7 April, officers were called to Harrington Road following reports a 20-year-old man had been shot through the window of a house by offenders believed to be on an electric bike outside.

Emergency services attended and the victim, 20-year-old Michael Rainsford, was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

A Home Office Post Mortem confirmed the cause of death as gunshot wounds.

As part of the ongoing investigation detectives have today arrested a 45-year-old woman from Seaforth, a 26-year-old man from Bootle, 38-year-old man from Bootle and a 29-year-old man from Bootle, on suspicion of murder.

Detective Superintendent Richie Salter, said: : "The investigation in to the murder or Michael Rainsford is ongoing and I would like to appeal to anyone who has information and hasn't come forward yet, to contact us. The information you have, no matter how small, could be vital in helping us to find those responsible and put them before the courts.

If you have information, or any CCTV or dashcam footage, you can contact us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

The four people arrested have been take to police stations across Merseyside where they will be interviewed by detectives.
