```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Op Target officers arrest a man following the recovery of a large amount of cash, drugs, a Taser and equipment for producing fraudulent bank cards from a house in Newsham Park
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Op Target officers arrest a man following the recovery of a large amount of cash, drugs, a Taser and equipment for producing fraudulent bank cards from a house in Anfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/op-target-officers-arrest-a-man-following-the-recovery-of-a-large-amount-of-cash-drugs-a-taser-and-equipment-for-producing-fraudulent-bank-cards-from-a-house-in-newsham-park/
title: Op Target officers arrest a man following the recovery of a large amount of cash, drugs, a Taser and equipment for producing fraudulent bank cards from a house in Anfield | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/op-target-officers-arrest-a-man-following-the-recovery-of-a-large-amount-of-cash-drugs-a-taser-and-equipment-for-producing-fraudulent-bank-cards-from-a-house-in-newsham-park/
```

22:20 18/02/2020

Officers were in the Anfield, Kensington and Tuebrook areas last night (Monday, 17 February) carrying out #OpTarget policing activity involving stop searches, intelligence gathering and carrying out search warrants.

During the evening officers, on foot and vehicles patrols, conducted 78 stop searches, arrested 12 people for numerous offences..

A significant arrest was made by plain clothes officers who were on patrol on Newsham Drive, Anfield, at around 10:45pm. They stopped the 37-year-old male driver of a white van, and during a search he was found to be in possession of approximately £4000 in cash.

Officers subsequently carried out a search at the male's address nearby and during a search they found a drugs press; numerous kilos of white powder believed to be a mixing agent for drugs;, a Taser disguised as a torch; two air rifles; cash; a card press for making fake credit cards and IDs, along with numerous fake cards already produced; documentation on crypto currency and a card machine with numerous high value receipts.

As a result the 37-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of money laundering; perverting the course of justice; possession of criminal property; conspiracy to supply Class A drugs; possession of a firearm and fraud offences.

High visibility foot patrols were also carried out in the area with officers searching alleyways and nearby areas looking for weapons and dangerous substances that may have been hidden.

Inspector Jordan Quinn said: "Op Target is our force response to tackling serious and violent crime and put offenders on the back foot and proactive operations like the one last night are having a considerable impact..

"The arrest on Newsham Drive shows the evolution of crime and how criminals are adapting their criminality and finding new ways to make money and line their pockets.

"We will always be relentless in our targeting of those who bring harm to our communities through criminality and the use of violence. We will act on all information and we encourage our communities to keep sharing information with us and contact @MerPolCC, or call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously."
