```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers across the force have been carrying out #OpTarget activity this week to continue our pledge to tackle serious and violent criminals as well as investigating those involved in knife, gun and drug crime.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'ROUND UP: Operation Target continues across the force to tackle serious and violent crime'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/round-up-operation-target-continues-across-the-force-to-tackle-serious-and-violent-crime/
title: 'ROUND UP: Operation Target continues across the force to tackle serious and violent crime | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/round-up-operation-target-continues-across-the-force-to-tackle-serious-and-violent-crime/
```

13:09 15/11/2019

Officers across the force have been carrying out #OpTarget activity this week to continue our pledge to tackle serious and violent criminals as well as investigating those involved in knife, gun and drug crime.

**Wirral:**

We worked with partners from the local metal detector club in #RockFerry who volunteered to help us search for weapons. They managed to find a knuckle duster, a large knife & a cannabis pipe hidden in the undergrowth.

**Knowsley:**

Elsewhere in Knowsley, local officers arrested a 26 year old woman on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon following a vehicle stop check on William Roberts Ave, Kirkby where they recovered a Samurai sword and screwdriver.

Following this, officers sighted a Mercedes reported as being stolen from the Wigan area. After a short pursuit, the car was abandoned on Manica Crescent and three men made off on foot. Two were detained at the scene and were arrested on suspicion of offences including burglary, dangerous driving and theft of a motor vehicle. The other was then seen getting into another car nearby. Shortly afterwards, the second car was located and the two men inside were arrested, one on suspicion of burglary and the other on suspicion of assisting an offender. They all remain in custody at this time.

**Liverpool:**

Officers in Liverpool stopped two teenage boys on Fir Tree Drive North last night (14th Nov) but as the carrier approached, one of the boys (aged 14) ran off. He was closely followed by one of our officers and was detained. When asked why he ran off he admitted to being in possession of £100 worth of cannabis. He was consequently arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs. The other boy (aged 15) was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class B drugs. Using young people to distribute drugs is completely immoral and teenagers shouldn't feel pressured by others to get involved in criminal activity. Dealing drugs is dangerous and can result in serious, if not fatal consequences as well as leading to other offences.

Officers were also conducting road side checks and during the operation, four taxis, six other cars and eight people on foot were stopped. Officers stopped one of the cars on Townsend Lane and after searching the four people inside, they found a knife wedged down the side of the car. One of the passengers, a 21 year old man from Liverpool stated the knife was his and was consequently arrested on suspicion of possession of a bladed article. He has since been released under investigation.

**St Helens:**

During other activity in St Helens, officers arrested five people, issued eight traffic tickets and seized a car. They focused their efforts on the Sutton Park, Sherdley Park, Westfield Estate, The Shires and Thatto Heath areas. This included work with our partner agencies to conduct land searches, road side checks, uniformed and unmarked patrols in the area and address warrants.

Officers consequently arrested a 26 year old man from St Helens on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs following a warrant in Peterlee Close. Four others were also arrested for offences linked to burglary, drug driving and no bail warrants.

**Sefton:**

Finally in Sefton, officers arrested and charged a 22 year old man from Liverpool after he was found in possession of a large meat cleaver on Monday (11 November). The next day, he appeared at court and was sentenced to eight weeks in prison.

This activity is crucial and will continue for the foreseeable future. We are working closely with partner agencies as well as the public who are extremely valuable in providing us with information and we hope this activity shows that by speaking to us, anonymously or not and sharing your concerns helps to put offenders being bars.

Anyone that knows someone carrying a weapon or is involved in criminal activity is urged to get in touch @MerPolCC. It is dangerous and unnecessary and anyone caught with a weapon will be dealt with. Don't put yourself or others at risk of a criminal record or worse.
