```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Two men have been fined for not wearing face masks while shopping in a Knowsley supermarket.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men fined for not wearing masks in Knowsley supermarket
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-men-fined-for-not-wearing-masks-in-knowsley-supermarket/
title: Two men fined for not wearing masks in Knowsley supermarket | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-men-fined-for-not-wearing-masks-in-knowsley-supermarket/
```

12:40 15/01/2021

Two men have been fined for not wearing face masks while shopping in a Knowsley supermarket.

Officers were on patrol in the Huyton area at 6.30pm yesterday, Thursday 14th January, when they entered the Aldi store on Cronton Road and saw the males were not wearing masks or socially distancing.

When they left the store the men, aged 18 and 21, were approached and given fines for non-compliance with Covid regulations for not wearing a mask or having a reasonable excuse.

In a separate incident we were called to a property in Hollies Road in Halewood at 2.20am today, Friday 15th January, following reports of a disturbance.

Upon attending officers found a party.

A 19 year-old man was arrested for assaulting an emergency worker and possession of a Class A drug. He is currently in custody.

Five people who were present within the property were also issued with Covid fines.

Knowsley Community Policing Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "We know that rates of Coronavirus in the Knowsley area are at very high level and it is important that we do all that we can to reduce the numbers and keep people safe.

"We all have a part to play and I would continue to urge people to abide by the lockdown rules - don't go out unless for essential work, shopping or exercise and when you do go into shops and businesses please wear and mask and abide by social distancing.

"We will continue to work with all our partners to ensure that these messages keep going across and that action is taken against people who chose to flout them. It is really important, particularly at this critical time that we protect ourselves, our loved ones and the NHS."
