```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of two St Helens men for indecent assault against girls, following an investigation by our specialist Unity Team.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two St Helens men sentenced for indecent assault against girls
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-st-helens-men-sentenced-for-indecent-assault-against-girls/
title: Two St Helens men sentenced for indecent assault against girls | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-st-helens-men-sentenced-for-indecent-assault-against-girls/
```

16:07 01/10/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of two St Helens men for indecent assault against girls, following an investigation by our specialist Unity Team.

David Donnelly and Paul Donnelly, both aged 58 and of Windermere Place, were sentenced today (Tuesday 8 September) at Liverpool Crown Court.

David Donnelly was sentenced to 16 months in prison for one count of indecent assault on a girl under 14, and one count of indecent assault on a second girl under 14.
Paul Donnelly was sentenced to 20 months in prison for three counts of indecent assault on a girl under 14.

Paul is charged with 3 x Ind Assaults against one female.

David is charged with 1 x Ind Assault against each female.

Both men pleaded guilty. The offences took place in the 1980s, and were reported to police in 2018.

Speaking after the case, Detective Constable Julia Jennings said: "Thanks to the bravery of the victims, David and Paul Donnelly will be now be serving a significant sentence.

"We'd like to pass on our sincere thanks to the victims, as their patience and strength meant we were able to carry out this complex and lengthy investigation and help bring these men to justice. Hopefully today's outcome will in some part enable then to continue the healing process.

"We treat all allegations of sexual offences sensitively and with compassion, and our specially trained officers will ensure that victims are listened to, safeguarded and supported every step of the way.

"If anybody else is out there suffering in silence I want you to know that there is help and support available, both from Merseyside Police, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will stand with you from the initial report and for as long as you need."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
