```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have welcomed the sentencing of a 37 year-old man for false imprisonment with intent to rape and robbery.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man, 37, jailed for false imprisonment with intent to rape and robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-37-jailed-for-false-imprisonment-with-intent-to-rape-and-robbery/
title: Man, 37, jailed for false imprisonment with intent to rape and robbery | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-37-jailed-for-false-imprisonment-with-intent-to-rape-and-robbery/
```

09:46 23/12/2020

We have welcomed the sentencing of a 37 year-old man for false imprisonment with intent to rape and robbery.

John Arthur Simpson, of Gregson Street, Everton, was jailed for nine years with a further five years on extended licence, when he appeared at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 22nd December.

The court was told Simpson grabbed a woman in her 60s who was walking to work along Everton Road in the early hours of 24th November 2019. The woman managed to activate a personal panic alarm. A passing taxi driver stopped and shouted at Simpson who snatched the woman's handbag and ran off.

Simpson was found guilty of both offences following a trial in October and sentenced yesterday.

He was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register indefinitely and a restraining order was made.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Parry said: "Simpson subjected his victim to an horrendous ordeal. Thankfully she was able to activate a panic alarm and a passing taxi driver intervened at which point Simpson made off.

"Despite being forensically linked to the incident Simpson continued to maintain his innocence and forced the matter to a Crown Court trial, further prolonging the anguish of his victim.

"I am pleased he will now spend a considerable period of time behind bars and I would like to take the opportunity to praise his victim for her bravery and composure throughout the whole investigation.

"I would also like to encourage anyone who has been a victim of a similar crime to come forward and report it. We have specially trained officers who will speak to you and support you through any investigation or criminal proceedings and can help you get any further help you may need."
