```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police is welcoming a 10-Year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) issued against Samuel Walker.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 10-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) issued to Samuel Walker
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/10-year-criminal-behaviour-order-cbo-issued-to-samuel-walker/
title: 10-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) issued to Samuel Walker | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/10-year-criminal-behaviour-order-cbo-issued-to-samuel-walker/
```

13:57 26/11/2020

Merseyside Police is welcoming a 10-Year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) issued against Samuel Walker.

The order, issued at Durham Crown Court on Friday 20 November, will prevent 37-year-old Walker of Elm Road, Bolton from carrying out various actions against police and prison officers and staff, following a number of recent offences.

It will run until Tuesday 19 November 2030. Should he breach the conditions of this order, Walker will be returned to the courts and may be jailed again.

Officers from Merseyside Police submitted the application following several incidents at HMP Durham and HMP Manchester earlier this year, where Walker was in custody.

He was charged with and convicted of a number of offences, as follows:
Bring/throw/otherwise convey a list B article into prison (mobile phone) on 25/02/20
Conspire/destroy or damage property (prison officer vehicles) on 27/02/20
Without authority possess inside a prison an unauthorised item (mobile phone) on 27/02/20.
Threatening to damage or destroy property between 12/03/20 and 18/05/20 (prison officer vehicles/homes)
Threats to kill (prison officers)
Section. 39 Assault (prison officer)

For the next 10 years Walker must not:
Knowingly or intentionally contact or approach directly or indirectly any Prison Officer, Police Officer, Police Community Support Officer or member of Police or Prison Staff, where the nature of the conduct is intended or likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress. For the purposes of this prohibition, contact includes by telephone or any electronic means including all forms of social media and the Internet
Be violent or threaten violence towards any police officer, police community support officer or prison officer, either directly, via a third party or through telephone or electronic media
Threaten to arrange damage to be caused to any property belonging to or used by any Police Officer, Police Community Support Officer or Prison Officer
Arrange damage to be caused to any property belonging to or used by any Police Officer, Police Community Support Officer or Prison officer

Walker was also issued with a 10-year Restraining Order in relation to prison officers against whom he committed offences at HMP Durham.

Speaking after the order was issued, Inspector Maria Hoogendyk, who heads up our Integrated Offender Management Team, said: "Criminal Behaviour Orders continue to be an extremely effective tool in tackling persistent offenders who have a negative impact on our communities, be it through anti-social behaviour, threats or other issues.

"Walker is a persistent offender in the Merseyside area and surrounding counties and behaves in a manner that causes harassment, alarm, distress and intimidation, both in person and online, and has committed a number of additional offences whilst in custody, including threats and violence. Alongside this, he seeks to develop for himself a significant on-line social media profile, using this as a platform to ridicule the authorities and other members of the public. It is likely that he will continue to try and seek to undermine criminal justice agencies and members of the public.

"The successful application for a CBO for Walker shows that threats and violence will not be tolerated, and should he breach these conditions, Walker will find himself before the courts once again.

"To apply for such an order is the necessary consequence of a long pattern of behaviour adversely affecting those in a community and, in this case, police and prison officers and staff, and we will continue to utilise them for the benefit of all."
