```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are this weekend continuing to remind our local communities of the importance of social distancing to ensure their safety and the safety of
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reminder to communities about importance of continuing to socially distance
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/reminder-to-communities-of-importance-of-continuing-to-socially-isolate/
title: Reminder to communities about importance of continuing to socially distance | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/reminder-to-communities-of-importance-of-continuing-to-socially-isolate/
```

14:52 29/05/2020

We are this weekend continuing to remind our local communities of the importance of social distancing to ensure their safety and the safety of others.

Since some lockdown restrictions were lifted two weeks ago people have been able to spend more time outdoors and can visit parks and open spaces. As a result we have seen our parks, beaches and open spaces get busier.

The public is reminded that the government guidance remains in place this weekend that people can only spend time with one member of another household, provided it is outdoors, on a one-to-one basis and that they adhere to strict social distancing guidelines at all times.

Our officers will be on patrol in all areas and we will continue to target criminality and antisocial behaviour. We will also be targeting those who flagrantly flout the government guidance.

Superintendent Jonathan Davies said: "We understand how difficult the past few months have been for lots of people and thanks must be given to those who have continued to stick by the government guidance around leaving home and socially distancing.

"With the government announcing further relaxations of the guidelines, and particularly with the current warm weather, I know people will be tempted to get outside. This is a reminder that the rules on spending time with only one other person from another household remains in place this weekend.

"The rules are there for your own safety and the safety of others and to ensure that people aren't put at unnecessary risk and everyone can enjoy spending time outside.

"Our advice would be to stay at home wherever possible but where journeys are being made people should avoid using public transport, other than for essential journeys, and make any journeys by cycling, walking or driving in a private vehicle. People also should check in advance of visiting places like National Parks and beaches to make sure they are prepared for visitors."

Supt Davies added: "As with previous weekends during the lockdown, we will be out and about reminding people why restrictions are in place and encouraging the public to do the right thing and keep social distancing. We also have powers to enforce the legislation, with fines starting at £100\.

"We will also work closely with the Coastguard and local authorities to monitor our coasts and open spaces and continue to proactively police our road networks to ensure people are keeping to the speed limit; not driving under the influence of drink or drugs, not using their mobile phone whilst driving and wearing their seatbelts.

"It has been a challenging time for everyone, and as we move into a new phase of the national response to this pandemic, it is absolutely vital that we keep going to ensure we can all return to some degree of normality as soon as possible."
