```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have located a cannabis farm worth around &#163;160,000 in the Beechwood Estate area yesterday evening (9th March).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs found following stop search in Beechwood
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/drugs-found-following-stop-search-in-beechwood/
title: Drugs found following stop search in Beechwood | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/drugs-found-following-stop-search-in-beechwood/
```

11:28 10/03/2020

Officers have located a cannabis farm worth around £160,000 in the Beechwood Estate area yesterday evening (9th March).

During a section 60 order, which was authorised overnight, officers on patrol stop checked a man on Fender Way, Beechwood. Here he was found in possession with a small amount of cannabis and was initially arrested.

Officers then decided to conduct a further search at an address nearby where they then located a cannabis farm as well as 15 kilograms of suspected amphetamine hidden in the freezer and a holdall.

The 61 year old man was further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs and production of Cannabis. He was taken to custody for questioning.

Chief Inspector Paul Holden said "This is a great result and shows the impact proactive stop checks can have. A further 20 stop checks were also conducted during the evening resulting in five other arrests, including a delivery driver in Noctorum for drug driving."

Elsewhere officers conducted two warrants, one at a flat on Slatey Road, Oxton where a wanted man was arrested for robbery. Another warrant took place at a storage unit in Upton where four motorcycles worth around £30,000 were seized, suspected as being stolen.

Ch/Insp Holden continued "We often find that those involved in crime start by committing smaller offences which can often snowball into serious violence, hence the importance of acting now. By seizing criminal property, taking drugs off our streets and putting dangerous people behind bars, we are helping more vulnerable people at risk of being exploited by more established criminals and are helping to make the Wirral a safer place. If you know of someone involved in criminality or want to give us some information, call 101, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
