```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Sefton have arrested a man and seized drugs, cash and a weapon following a vehicle stop in Seaforth last night, Tuesday 31 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and drugs, cash and CS gas seized following vehicle stop in Seaforth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-and-drugs-cash-and-cs-gas-seized-following-vehicle-stop-in-seaforth/
title: Man arrested and drugs, cash and CS gas seized following vehicle stop in Seaforth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-and-drugs-cash-and-cs-gas-seized-following-vehicle-stop-in-seaforth/
```

11:51 01/04/2020

Officers in Sefton have arrested a man and seized drugs, cash and a weapon following a vehicle stop in Seaforth last night, Tuesday 31 March.

At 6.30pm, officers stopped a Ford C-Max on Seaforth Road after it was seen in suspicious circumstances. The driver was unable to account for why he was in the area and was detained for a drug search. Suspected heroin, cocaine and cash were found. Following a search of his home address, a CS spray canister was also seized.

The 37-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs; possession of a Section 5 firearm; and drug driving.

He was taken to a police station for questioning and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Community Policing Inspector Duncan Swan said: "Our patrols remain very active across Merseyside, both to keep people safe and protect the NHS, but also to enforce the law as always.

"If we suspect that people are in any area with no legitimate reason we will make enquiries with them, and of course if there is a potential criminal purpose to their activity, we will deal with them accordingly.

"If you attempt to commit crime in the current climate, you're likely to be even more conspicuous to officers and the public than usual.

"To those living and working in our communities, I would say this: be aware of anyone you suspect is involved in crime as you always would, and pass information to us via 999 in an emergency, or via our social media desk @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. We will take positive action and remove those responsible from your streets."
