```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have today, Monday 14 December, executed two warrants at addresses in Kirkby to target those involved in County Lines drug supply into Staffordshire and Sussex.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested as part of investigation into County Lines drug supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-supply/
title: Three arrested as part of investigation into County Lines drug supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-supply/
```

17:30 14/12/2020

Officers have today, Monday 14 December, executed two warrants at addresses in Kirkby to target those involved in County Lines drug supply into Staffordshire and Sussex.

The activity was part of the ongoing Project Medusa, an operation led by Merseyside Police set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

A 28-year old woman and a 28-year-old man, both from Kirkby, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A 50-year-old man from Kirby was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in making an offer to supply controlled drugs.

Officers also recovered a quantity of suspected Class A drugs as well as a number of expensive items seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act, including two Rolex watches, designer clothing and an off-Road motorcycle.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "Today's warrants come on the back of the work we're carrying out day in, day out to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Despite the global pandemic, it is business as usual for these criminals, who will carry out this type of activity, despite the restrictions that are in place, risking the health of everyone they come into contact with, when we should be doing all we can to halt the spread of the virus.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered the appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

Anyone with information which could assist our investigation into County Lines criminality can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
