```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Appeal for witnesses following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
```

21:19 12/11/2020

Detectives have launched a murder inquiry following a fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village this evening (Thursday, 12 November 2020).

Emergency Services were called to Boode Croft at about 6.30pm following reports that a man had been shot.

When officers arrived at the scene they found the victim, a 19-year-old local man, who was suffering from a serious gunshot wound.

Paramedics provided CPR at the scene, but sadly they were unable to save the victim.

The area has been cordoned off whilst forensic examinations are carried out and house-to-house inquiries are underway. And high visibility patrols have been stepped up in the area to reassure the local community.

A Home Office post mortem will be carried out to establish the cause of death.

Detective Inspector Tony O'Brien, said: "The investigation is in its early stages and extensive inquiries are being carried out to establish the motive and to identify those responsible.

"This was a cold blooded, targeted attack on a residential street which has taken away the life of a young man and tonight a family are mourning their tragic loss. The people responsible for this attack knew exactly what they were doing and they need to be caught.

"There is no place in Merseyside for firearms, or those who use them and bring fear to our communities. We need members of the public to come forward with information so we can keep our streets safe. I would urge anyone who saw anything, or who has any information, which could help us with our enquiries to contact us urgently. You may not think that the information you have is significant but it could help us with our enquiries."

Anyone who has any information which could help detectives with their inquiries is asked to contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Note to editors
**
The murder victim has not been formally identified and his details will not be released until formal identification has taken place.
