```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have last night (Friday 15 November) arrested five people and seized Class A and B drugs and a stun gun in Old Swan, Croxteth ad Kirkby, during our continued response to prevent serious and violent crime through Operation Target.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Target: Five people arrested and drugs and weapon seized in continuing response to serious and organised crime in Merseyside'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/operation-target-five-people-arrested-and-drugs-and-weapon-seized-in-continuing-response-to-serious-and-organised-crime-in-merseyside/
title: 'Operation Target: Five people arrested and drugs and weapon seized in continuing response to serious and organised crime in Merseyside | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/operation-target-five-people-arrested-and-drugs-and-weapon-seized-in-continuing-response-to-serious-and-organised-crime-in-merseyside/
```

10:20 16/11/2019

Officers have last night (Friday 15 November) arrested five people and seized Class A and B drugs and a stun gun in Old Swan, Croxteth and Kirkby, during our continued response to prevent serious and violent crime through Operation Target.

A man and a woman were arrested and cannabis seized following drugs warrants in the Old Swan area. Entry was gained and a male occupant attempted to escape from the rear of the address and was detained. A large quantity of cannabis was seized. A 22-year-old man from Garston and a 24-year-old woman from Old Swan were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis and taken in for questioning.

Officers carrying out enquiries in Kirkby entered a property in Overdene Walk due to the smell of cannabis and detained two men. Following a search of the property, an electronic stun gun and suspected Class A drugs were seized, in addition to paraphernalia. A 40-year-old man and a 54-year old man, both from Kirkby, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, possession of Class B drugs, and possession of a Section 5 firearm. They remain in custody for questioning.

A further warrant was carried out at an address in Croxteth, during which cannabis and other paraphernalia were seized and a 23-year-old man from Croxteth was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs. He will also be questioned today.

Officers have continued to carry out stop searches and have maintained an increased presence of visible and armed response police officers in the community.

Chief Superintendent Matt Boyle, Head of Local Policing, said: "Our increased disruption activity across Merseyside continues this weekend. We'll keep acting on all information received to bring about positive results like you see here last night, and remove drugs, weapons and those people who cause harm from your communities. Key to this work are the residents who are most affected, so help us make your streets safe to live, and hostile places for criminals to operate.

"The action continues on a daily basis, and we'll use everything within our powers to bring anyone responsible for drug supply and other serious and organised crime to justice. This includes warrants, the continued use of stop searches to disrupt criminals, and land searches in areas we believe they may be storing weapons.

"We will also continue to have an increased visible presence in the communities while we feel it is of benefit to those who live there. Speak to officers or anonymously, keep telling us what you know and we'll keep this momentum going. Thanks to everyone who provides information: it makes a massive difference."

Anyone who has information about serious crime in their area or who is using or storing weapons is asked to DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
