```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A 38 year old man has been bailed pending further investigations following a domestic incident in Prescot in the early hours of Saturday morning, 9 May.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: MAN BAILED FOLLOWING DOMESTIC INCIDENT IN PRESCOT'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-domestic-incident-in-prescot/
title: 'UPDATE: MAN BAILED FOLLOWING DOMESTIC INCIDENT IN PRESCOT | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-domestic-incident-in-prescot/
```

18:30 10/05/2020

**UPDATE 10TH MAY:**

A 38 year old man has been bailed pending further investigations following a domestic incident in Prescot in the early hours of Saturday morning, 9 May.

At around 3.30am, emergency services were called to Greenall Court to a report of a woman in her 40s being found with fatal injuries having reportedly fallen from a window.

A 38-year-old man was detained at the scene and arrested on suspicion of murder but has since been bailed.

Detective Inspector Sue Hinds said: "At this moment in time, we are still looking into the full circumstances which lead to this woman tragically losing her life. Therefore, we are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or was in the area, either walking or driving past specifically between 2:30-3:30am and believes they have information that could help or have dashcam footage which could be relevant, to please come forward.

"It is crucial that we investigate thoroughly and take all information into account to ensure the outcome of this investigation is accurate."

CCTV, house-to-house and forensic enquiries are ongoing in the area and anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC with reference 20000267044, or you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

ORIGINAL:

Detectives have arrested a man on suspicion of murder following a domestic incident in Prescot in the early hours of this morning, Saturday 9 May.

At around 3.30am, emergency services were called to Greenall Court to a report of a woman in her 40s being found with fatal injuries having reportedly fallen from a window.

A 38-year-old man was detained at the scene, arrested on suspicion of murder and has been taken to a police station for questioning.

The victim will be formally identified and specialist officers will be supporting her family.

CCTV, house-to-house and forensic enquiries are ongoing in the area this morning and anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC with reference 20000267044, or you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
