```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers have been in Southport today (Wednesday 19th Feb) carrying out #OpTarget activity to tackle antisocial behaviour including drug dealing and those using scrambler bikes.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Op Target deployment in Sefton leads to number of arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/op-target-deployment-in-sefton-leads-to-number-of-arrests/
title: Op Target deployment in Sefton leads to number of arrests | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/op-target-deployment-in-sefton-leads-to-number-of-arrests/
```

17:28 19/02/2020

Officers have been in Southport today (Wednesday 19th Feb) carrying out #OpTarget activity to tackle antisocial behaviour including drug dealing and those using scrambler bikes.

The decision to focus on this sort of ASB follows direct feedback received in a recent survey where we asked what you'd like to see us focus on during future days of action.

So far, we have arrested a number of people for drugs offences including possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and drug driving.

A warrant was also carried out at an address on Lawson St where a 43 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm, theft and drugs offences after officers recovered a stun-gun Taser disguised as a knuckle duster, a baton, a quantity of white powder which is yet to be identified as well as drugs paraphernalia. He has been taken to custody.

Elsewhere on London Street (main picture), plain clothed officers spotted a VW Golf acting suspiciously. Officers spoke to the driver, a 21 year old man and the passenger, a 37 year old man. They were both searched and found in possession of suspected cocaine, cash and numerous phones. They have been taken to custody for further investigation.

High visibility patrols also remain around the Southport and Birkdale areas.

Sgt Deli Skinner said: "We really value your feedback and thank everyone who has got in touch to give us information on those involved in criminality in their neighbourhood.

"We will always act on this information with the aim of bringing dangerous people to justice, taking weapons off our streets and taking drugs out of circulation.

"If you want to get in touch, you can do so on social media @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously."
