```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man and seized a cannabis farm following activity in Stockbridge Village last night, Tuesday 6 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and cannabis plants and equipment seized in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/man-arrested-and-cannabis-plants-and-equipment-seized-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Man arrested and cannabis plants and equipment seized in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/man-arrested-and-cannabis-plants-and-equipment-seized-in-stockbridge-village/
```

10:00 07/10/2020

We have arrested a man and seized a cannabis farm following activity in Stockbridge Village last night, Tuesday 6 October.

At around 9pm, officers acting on information attended a property in Whincraig and heard the sounds of fans and the strong smell of cannabis from within. A man was detained and around 60 cannabis plants were located beneath the balcony, suspected to have been discarded upon police attendance. Evidence was also found that electricity had been abstracted at the location, and equipment has been seized.

A 41-year-old man from Stockbridge Village was detained and arrested on suspicion of cannabis production and abstracting electricity. He remains in custody for interview.

Detective Inspector Jackie Guinness said: "Cannabis farms within our communities cause so much risk and harm, and it's good news for those in the area that this one has been removed, and a man arrested. The growth, storage and sale of cannabis brings many risks to our communities, including the fire risk that overloading the electricity inevitably causes.

"Drug supply is also closely linked to serious organised criminals and violence, and in removing such farms, we're making your communities safer. Keep your eyes, ears and noses out for the signs that cannabis is being grown where you are, and we will keep taking this positive action.

"Stand with us and tell us if you suspect similar is happening where you are."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
