```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police is reminding local residents to stay safe and follow new Covid-19 guidance, ahead of the first weekend in Merseyside under the latest new regional and national restrictions.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police guidance ahead of first weekend under new national and regional Covid-19 restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/police-guidance-ahead-of-first-weekend-under-new-national-and-regional-covid-19-restrictions/
title: Police guidance ahead of first weekend under new national and regional Covid-19 restrictions | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/police-guidance-ahead-of-first-weekend-under-new-national-and-regional-covid-19-restrictions/
```

13:17 25/09/2020

Merseyside Police is reminding local residents to stay safe and follow new Covid-19 guidance, ahead of the first weekend in Merseyside under the latest new regional and national restrictions.

In Merseyside, the following restrictions were implemented on Tuesday 22 September:

\- Residents must not socialise with other people outside of their own households or support bubble in private homes and gardens;

\- Hospitality for food and drink will be restricted to table service only; and

\- Late night operating hours will be restricted, with leisure and entertainment venues including restaurants, pubs, and cinemas, required to close between 10pm to 5am

These changes apply across Liverpool, Wirral, Knowsley, St Helens and Sefton in Merseyside, as well as Halton and Warrington in Cheshire.

They are in addition to the nationwide rules also introduced this week - 'the rule of six', 10 pm bar, pub and restaurant closing times, additional face covering requirements and changes to indoor sports and events such as weddings and funeral, which were introduced nationwide.

Superintendent Chris Gibson said: "We recognise these latest restrictions mean more sacrifices for our residents and that they affect every single one of our daily lives. I hope however, the people of Merseyside will come together, to follow the new rules and act responsibly so we can drive the current infection rates down.

"It's clear now more than ever we all have a responsibility to keep doing what we can to protect our loved ones and ourselves. If we don't, we risk more people in Merseyside catching this virus and the stark reality is we will see more deaths. We also risk the potential for more severe restrictions in future, which one of us wants to see."

He added: "This weekend is normally a busy time with students coming into our region and enjoying what it has to offer - whilst we welcome them to Merseyside, we are also reminding them of the need to follow the regional and national restrictions in place.

"We will have additional policing resources in the city and across all of our local policing areas and as they have been since the start of the pandemic, our officers will be out engaging with the public, encouraging people to adhere to the new restrictions, explaining why it is so important and where necessary we will take enforcement action. If you do not follow the instructions of officers, you risk being given a £100 fine, doubling up to a maximum of £3,200 if it is not paid.

"I'd like to thank everyone who continues to stick by the rules, let's all work together so we can drive down the infection rate. By doing the so you are reducing the strain on the NHS and other emergency services, keeping yourself and others safe and healthy and protecting the ones you love."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings planned illegally, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
