```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm the force saw an overall increase in calls yesterday, compared with Halloween last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Halloween sees overall increase in calls compared with last year
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/halloween-sees-overall-increase-in-calls-compared-with-last-year/
title: Halloween sees overall increase in calls compared with last year | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/halloween-sees-overall-increase-in-calls-compared-with-last-year/
```

12:23 01/11/2020

We can confirm the force saw an overall increase in calls yesterday, compared with Halloween last year.

A total of 861 emergency and non-emergency calls were received during the policing operation between 2pm and 11pm yesterday (Saturday, 31 October) up from 768, (a 12.1% increase) during the same period in 2019.

There was an overall 48.8% increase in reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage (314 compared to 211 last year), which can largely be attributed to the fact that the anti-social behaviour figures include Covid-19 related incidents and breaches. Reports of criminal damage alone decreased by 28.9% (27 incidents compared to 38 last year).

Commander for the policing operation, Chief Inspector Peter Clark said: "This year it's especially important that everyone acts responsibly and abides by government restrictions and thankfully, the overwhelming majority of our communities have done so over the weekend, for which I would like to thank them.

"A huge amount of effort and planning from multiple agencies goes into this operation every year and we will continue to work closely with partners and have increased high-visibility patrols out across Merseyside in lead up to Bonfire Night.

"We have seen an overall increase in reports of ASB and criminal damage compared to last year, but this rise is due to the fact that reports of Covid-19 related incidents and breaches largely make up the ASB figures, rather than incidents targeting members of the public.

"It is disappointing that a small minority have engaged in anti-social behaviour, criminal damage and breaching restrictions over the weekend as we know how concerning this can be for the community, particularly vulnerable and elderly people, and I would like to reinforce our message that we will not tolerate this under any circumstances and will be pursuing a number of lines of inquiry to locate those involved.

"Parents and guardians, please keep talking to your children about where they're going, what they're doing and who they're with when they leave the house. We know the Halloween period has looked a lot differently this year, and understand the disappointment and frustration felt by many about having plans cancelled and not being able to spend time with loved ones, but it's crucial that we continue to follow the guidance now so that we can reunite soon."

If you have information on criminality in your area, always contact 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, you can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 080 555 111.
