```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in the Laird Street area of Birkenhead on Saturday 5th December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following aggravated burglary in Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-aggravated-burglary-in-birkenhead/
title: Appeal for information following aggravated burglary in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-aggravated-burglary-in-birkenhead/
```

14:40 08/12/2020

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in the Laird Street area of Birkenhead on Saturday 5th December.

At around 11.50pm, an offender entered the home of man in his late 60s, gaining entry by removing the rear window and climbing through.

The offender took a knife from the kitchen and a hammer, then threatened the victim and demanded money, striking him a number of times to the head and face.

The offender is described as a white male, approximately 5 foot 7 or 5 foot 8 inches tall with ginger facial hair. He was wearing a dark coloured hoodie with the hood up, grey rubber gardening gloves, a dark coloured beanie hat and a thin material face covering.

A witness chased the offender across the car park at Birkenhead North train station and he was last seen running along the train tracks towards Birkenhead.

The offender took a mobile phone which he dropped on the train tracks.

The victim was left extremely shaken following his ordeal.

An investigation is underway and CCTV enquiries have been carried out in the local area.

Detective Sergeant Christopher Saidi-Bidokhti said: "Burglary is an invasive crime that pervades people's homes and personal space, and can have a significant impact on victims. To target an elderly person in their own home is shameful and enquiries are underway to identify the offender.

"We are appealing for anyone who was in the Laird Street area of Birkenhead during the early hours of Sunday morning who saw anyone or anything suspicious to contact us. Similarly, it is vital that we find anyone who was driving or walking in the area who may have captured something, either on their mobile phone, or dash cam to get in touch.

"Merseyside Police is committed to finding the people responsible for committing crimes such as this and would urge anyone with information to come forward."

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref 20000740537 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
