```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 18 years today (Friday 24 July) for three robberies carried out across Liverpool in 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 18 years after three robberies in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/man-jailed-for-18-years-after-three-robberies-in-liverpool/
title: Man jailed for 18 years after three robberies in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/man-jailed-for-18-years-after-three-robberies-in-liverpool/
```

16:34 24/07/2020

A man has been jailed for 18 years today (Friday 24 July) for three robberies carried out across Liverpool in 2019.

At 11.30am on Saturday 19 October two security officers were at a staff-only area of the Tesco building on the High Street in Wavertree when they were approached by two males, one armed with a knife and one armed with a gun, who made threats before making off with empty cash containers.

At around 3.45pm on 12 December, officers were called to Asda on Utting Avenue in Walton following reports that a security guard had been threatened with a knife, before three men escaped with a quantity of cash. The security guard sustained a minor injury to his finger during a struggle. Officers traced the cash box to the loopline where it was recovered still containing the cash.

The Greggs bakery on Broadway, Norris Green was subject of a robbery at 5pm on Saturday 28 December in which staff were threatened by two me, one carrying a knife, who demanded the keys to a safe. They did not get the keys and nothing was stolen.

Anthony Molloy, 56, of Lilley Grove, Anfield was arrested after a warrant was executed at a house in West Derby on 31 December. Officers seized clothes at Molloy's house that had been seen worn by him in CCTV footage of the robberies.

He was later charged with the two cash in transit robberies and the attempt to steal a safe from Greggs and has today been sentenced to 18 years in jail for his part in them.

Detective Sergeant Darren Hankin said: "We have seen a significant fall in cash-in-transit robberies in recent years in Merseyside, but we are not complacent and we are determined to make sure criminals like Molloy do not see them as an easy way to make money, because they most definitely are not.

"We work very closely with businesses and security companies to ensure they have security measures in place, and have CCTV and other recording equipment to deter offenders and secure evidence against those who do carry out such robberies.

"Our message to anyone thinking of carrying out such an offence is clear - don't, because we will do everything in our power to find you and bring you to justice.

"Like Molloy, you will not end up at home counting your money - you will end up behind bars, away from your family and loved ones."

DS Hankin added: "Robberies targeting cash-in-transit vans, banks, post offices and commercial businesses are often violent offences that can result in life-changing mental and physical scars on the security officers and staff confronted by these heartless criminals.

"These robberies can cause deep distress to those at the brunt of the attacks, people who live and work in our communities who should be able to go about their jobs without the fear of being threatened, intimidated or assaulted.

"We will continue to use all the powers available to us to target these criminals, prevent offences to protect the hard working members of our communities who keep our economy moving by transporting cash, and bring those responsible to justice."

"We urge anyone with any information about those involved in these kind of incidents, or about any suspicious activity around cash-in-transit vehicles or ATMs, to call us so we can take action against them before they have opportunity to carry out these crimes."
