```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that an investigation is underway after shots were fired in Huyton last Friday, 19 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after shots fired in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-after-shots-fired-in-huyton/
title: Appeal for information after shots fired in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-after-shots-fired-in-huyton/
```

15:06 23/02/2021

We can confirm that an investigation is underway after shots were fired in Huyton last Friday, 19 February.

At call was received yesterday, Monday, 22 February, reporting shots being fired towards a premises on Sedgley Walk, Longview. The incident is believed to have happened at around 6pm on Friday, 19 February but was unreported at the time.

Officers have since attended the location and found damage to a front door consistent with gunshots. Nobody has reported as being injured and enquiries continue, including house-to-house and forensics.

Detective Superintendent Richie Salter said: "At this stage we are looking to establish exactly what happened and find those responsible and the weapon used. We believe that this was a targeted attack, and was unreported by anyone locally at the time. If you saw or heard anything at around 6pm on Friday, or are aware of the issues or criminality that sit behind this shooting and have yet to come forward, please do so, whether directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers. We understand the fears people feel in coming forward, but your CCTV, dashcam or other information may be vital in tracking down those people reckless enough to fire a gun towards someone's home.

"There has been a significant reduction in firearms incidents in recent months, due to information from those communities affected, and our proactive efforts in removing criminals and their weapons from the streets. Help us maintain this good work by telling us what you know, and we will do the rest. We will have increased patrols in the area over the upcoming days to gather information and reassure the public, and would encourage anyone with information to contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 277 of 22 February.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
