```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in the Wirral will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following crime and anti-social behaviour in the Bromborough area. It comes into place at 6pm today (Friday 5 June) and will run until 6pm on Sunday 7 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Zone to be introduced this weekend in Bromborough, Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/dispersal-zone-to-be-introduced-this-weekend-in-bromborough-wirral/
title: Dispersal Zone to be introduced this weekend in Bromborough, Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/dispersal-zone-to-be-introduced-this-weekend-in-bromborough-wirral/
```

11:57 05/06/2020

Officers in the Wirral will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following crime and anti-social behaviour in the Bromborough area. It comes into place at 6pm today (Friday 5 June) and will run until 6pm on Sunday 7 June.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent assaults and anti-social behaviour, including off-road bike use and youths gathering in and around Leverhulme Sports Field.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

The area covered is show on the map, as follows
New Chester Road/Old Hall Road/Riverwood Road/Ferry Road/Eastham Village Road/Warren Lane/Southwood Road/Tebay Road/Carlett Park/College Way/Torr Drive/St Davids Road/St Johns Road/Hardknott Road/Grisedale Road/Wrynose Road

Leverhulme Sports Field, Eastham Country Park/Torr Park/Eastham Lodge Golf Course/Port Sunlight Tennis Club

Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "We're keenly aware of the significant impact that violence and anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour in the area.

"To the vast majority of law-abiding members of the community, I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. We also welcome any information on the illegal use of off-road bikes, including who is riding them illegally and where they are stored. Always call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice."
