```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers gathered in Bootle early today (14th Feb) ahead of a full morning of activity involving open land and underwater searches as well as a series of warrants.


    The area of focus was South Sefton with the aim of identifying those involved in organised crime.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Activity continues as officers in Sefton carry out warrants resulting in 6 arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/activity-continues-as-officers-in-sefton-carry-out-warrants-resulting-in-6-arrests/
title: Activity continues as officers in Sefton carry out warrants resulting in 6 arrests | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/activity-continues-as-officers-in-sefton-carry-out-warrants-resulting-in-6-arrests/
```

15:54 14/02/2020

Officers gathered in Bootle early today (14th Feb) ahead of a full morning of activity involving open land and underwater searches as well as a series of warrants.

The area of focus was South Sefton with the aim of identifying those involved in organised crime.

The operation began with a street briefing to officers in the Hapsford Park before community officers attended addresses in the Bootle and Seaforth areas to carry out drugs warrants.

Three women aged 42, 33 and 38 were arrested following a warrant on Green Lane as well as two women aged 22 and 28 and a 38 year old man who were also arrested following a warrant on Bellini Close; all on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

A large quantity of Class B drugs and associated paraphernalia was also recovered.

Elsewhere, officers from the North West Marine and Underwater Search Unit conducted a search of the Leeds Liverpool Canal and seized a number of items including a safe and an air rifle.

Our PCSO's were joined by Mounted Officers who took to the streets speaking to the locals. Whilst roads policing officers took the opportunity to carry out a roads operation where they stopped 28 cars and 24 taxis, some of which were found to have no insurance, light defects and dangerous tyres and were issued with fixed penalty notices.

Matrix Disruption Officers are continuing to conduct two open land searches in the Hapsford Park area.

Inspector Beth Blake said: "I am really pleased with the efforts of all police officers and staff who took part in this day of action. A key part of our operational activity involves using a variety of resources so we can search the area effectively, engage with the wider community and identify those involved in criminal activity.

"These deployments come as a direct response to community concerns and mean we can gain further intelligence to help with our continued investigations into serious and violent crime.

"If you would like to report something to us, get in touch via @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
