```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man was jailed at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Monday 10 August) for 15 years, 10 months for the robbery of a security officer making a cash delivery in West Derby.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for West Derby robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/man-jailed-for-west-derby-robbery/
title: Man jailed for West Derby robbery | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/man-jailed-for-west-derby-robbery/
```

15:13 11/08/2020

A man was jailed at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Monday 10 August) for 15 years, 10 months for the robbery of a security officer making a cash delivery in West Derby.

Just after 11.30am on Wednesday 7 November 2018, a security guard was making a cash delivery at Tesco Express, Queens Drive when two men approached him. One was holding a machete and they demanded the cash box.

The offenders took the box and left the scene in a red Renault Kadjar car with a third man. The car was found abandoned a short time later nearby on Moscow Drive and the unopened cash box was located on Barkiss Close, Toxteth.

The guard was not assaulted or injured but left very shaken by the incident.

Steven Hender, 33, was wanted for the offence for 10 months before he was seen at the Victoria pub in Rainhill on 15 February this year. Officers attended and Hender pushed them before leaving the pub through a back door.

He was chased on foot by officers and detained nearby where he assaulted an officer. When Hender was searched, a knife was found along with a large quantity of cash and a number of car keys.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon, possession of criminal property and two counts of assaulting a constable in relation to that incident.

He was sentenced on Monday for robbery, dangerous driving, possession of an offensive weapon, possession of criminal property and two counts of assaulting a constable

Detective Constable Neil Rawley said: "We welcome the fact that Hender has received such a significant sentence for his crimes, and hope he spends his time in prison reflecting on the impact his actions have had on others.

"Robberies of security guards are not victimless crimes and it is unacceptable for this guard to have been subjected to this ordeal while he was just trying to carry out his job.

"We have seen a significant fall in cash-in-transit robberies in recent years in Merseyside, and work very closely with businesses and security companies to ensure they have security measures in place, and have CCTV and other recording equipment to deter offenders and secure evidence against those who do carry out such robberies.

"Our message to anyone thinking of carrying out such an offence is clear - don't, because we will do everything in our power to find you and bring you to justice. You will not ned up sitting at home counting money - you will end up in a prison cell for a long time, like Hender."

Det Con Rawley added: "These robberies cause deep distress to those at the brunt of the attacks, people who live and work in our communities who should be able to go about their jobs without the fear of being threatened, intimidated or assaulted.

"For their sake, we will continue to use all the powers available to us to target these criminals, prevent offences to protect them, and bring those responsible to justice.

"We urge anyone with any information about those involved in these kind of incidents, or about any suspicious activity around cash-in-transit vehicles or ATMs, to call us so we can take action against them before they have opportunity to carry out these crimes."

Direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter or message 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook if you have any information, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
