```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village are today, Sunday 15th November, continuing to appeal for information.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal for information following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/continued-appeal-for-information-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Continued appeal for information following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/continued-appeal-for-information-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
```

20:21 15/11/2020

Detectives investigating a fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village are today, Sunday 15th November, continuing to appeal for information.

Emergency Services were called to Boode Croft at about 6.30pm on Thursday 12th November following reports that a man had been shot.

When officers arrived at the scene they found the victim, 19-year-old Nyle Corrigan, suffering from a serious gunshot wound.

Paramedics provided CPR at the scene, but sadly they were unable to save him.

Police patrols have been stepped up in the area to reassure local residents and a s60 order has been extended in the Stockbridge Village area until 3am tomorrow (Monday).

The Order gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop males aged 16-40 in a designated area and is designed to minimise serious violence in the area.

A 33-year-old man from Huyton who was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

We are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the area of Boode Croft on Thursday evening who hasn't spoken to us to get in touch.

We are particularly keen to find anyone who was driving around the Stockbridge Village area between 5.15pm and 11.45pm on Thursday night who may have dashcam footage to come forward.

Detective Chief Inspector Cath Haggerty, who is leading the murder investigation, said: "We are making significant progress with this investigation but I would ask the community to help us by coming forward with any information they have.

"Our communities are our eyes and ears and we know that there are people out there who may have information which could prove vital.

"A young man has had his life cut short and devastated friends and family have been left behind.

"There is no place in Merseyside for firearms, and anyone who stores them or uses them to cause fear, injury or worse are not welcome here. The person who was responsible for this does not deserve to be walking on the streets of Merseyside.

"I would urge anyone who saw anything or who has any information which could help us with our enquiries to contact us urgently. You may not think that the information you have is significant but it could help us with our enquiries."

Anyone who has any information which could help detectives with their inquiries is asked to contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' quoting the reference number 20000688863.

Information about the shooting can also be uploaded via **https://mipp.police.uk/operation/05MP20M39-PO1**

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
