```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: As Merseyside adjusts to life under lockdown once again, we are urging everyone to continue to play their part to protect loved ones and save lives.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge public to continue to abide by restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/police-urge-public-to-continue-to-abide-by-restrictions/
title: Police urge public to continue to abide by restrictions | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/police-urge-public-to-continue-to-abide-by-restrictions/
```

15:21 08/01/2021

 As Merseyside adjusts to life under lockdown once again, we are urging everyone to continue to play their part to protect loved ones and save lives.

The NHS is facing unprecedented pressure, and it is more important than ever that we abide by the rules to ensure our healthcare workers can continue to work effectively.

People must stay home unless they have a valid reason to leave such as their daily exercise, work that cannot be done at home or essential shopping. You should not travel outside your local area for exercise.

Large gatherings and unlicensed events should not be taking place and, in line with restrictions, people should not make unnecessary journeys or meet with groups of people outside their household or social and support bubble. You may only meet one other person for exercise outdoors and remain socially distanced at all times.

Assistant Chief Constable Rob Carden said: "We know that since March 2020 we have faced an incredibly difficult time, and the rollout of vaccines for our most vulnerable shows there are reasons to be positive.

"The coming weeks will be hard, but now is not the time for complacency. Communities across Merseyside have already shown that through patience, hard work and dedication, the rate of infection can be driven down.

"The pandemic has affected every single person in Merseyside in some way, tragically for some this has involved serious illness and loss of life.

"The sense of public duty and compassion shown has been fantastic and has filled me with a great sense of pride to be serving the people of Merseyside."

ACC Carden added: "By complying with restrictions, you have protected the NHS so that it can cope with the extra demand this virus has created, and allowed our healthcare workers to provide patients with treatment that has often been life-saving.

"Unfortunately not everyone has been so public-spirited and our officers have been out on the frontline encouraging those people to do the right thing, explaining exactly why they should be following guidelines and taking enforcement action when needed.

"We simply will not tolerate anyone reckless enough to breach legislation which has been brought in to protect us all, and if necessary will take enforcement action to stop them inflicting further suffering on the people around them.

"We will work proactively to put a stop to any gatherings, and strongly urge anyone thinking of attending or organising one not to take such selfish risks.

"Those who blatantly ignore the regulations should expect to receive a fixed penalty notice and we'll target our resources towards those who commit the most serious breaches and put others at risk through their behaviour.

"This is a national lockdown and people are being asked to stay at home, so our officers have a responsibility to be more inquisitive about people's movements.

"The more people follow the guidance, the quicker things will improve for everyone and the sooner we will get back to some form of normality.

"I want to appeal to everyone in our communities to adhere to the guidance, and seriously reconsider before heading out anywhere that contravenes the restrictions. By all following the rules, we are doing our bit to keep our families, friends, vulnerable people in Merseyside and our key healthcare workers safe."

You can report any matters concerning COVID-19 and the current legislation to us @MerPolCC or through Merseyside Police's website https://www.merseyside.police.uk/.
