```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after suspicious behaviour was reported in Huyton yesterday (Monday 21 October).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following suspicious circumstances - Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-suspicious-circumstances---huyton/
title: Appeal for information following suspicious circumstances - Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-following-suspicious-circumstances---huyton/
```

18:10 22/10/2019

We are appealing for information after suspicious behaviour was reported in Huyton yesterday (Monday 21 October).

It was reported three men in a white van stopped the vehicle on Hillside Avenue, near its junction with Highfield Road, at about 3.20pm.

Two of the men then got out of the van and approached a 14-year-old girl who ran away. The men then got back in the vehicle and drove away in the direction of Stockbridge Lane.

The men did not speak to the girl or make any physical contact.

The driver was described as being white, and aged about 50 with grey hair. The two who got out of the van were described as being white with tanned complexions, and aged in their late 20s or early 30s. One of the men was wearing a silver bubble jacket.

Officers are in the process of gathering more information from the girl and CCTV opportunities are being explored in the surrounding areas.

Superintendent Tami Garvey-Jones said: "We are aware there have been several reports of a similar nature in the past week.

"We are taking them extremely seriously, and investigating the full circumstances of each.

"While the three incidents involve between two and three men in a white van acting suspiciously around females, we are at this stage keeping an open mind as to whether they are linked in any way.

"In each case, the females ran away to safety and we would advise anyone faced with a similar situation to do exactly that.

"No one has been physically harmed during these incidents but the nature of the men's behaviour has clearly left them feeling apprehensive, and they have been supported by our officers.

"We would urge anyone with any information or dashcam footage that may have captured the men or white vans involved to contact police or Crimestoppers with any information.

"Our Community officers will continue to visit schools and work with teachers to give appropriate stranger danger advice to pupils, and it is encouraging to see that the message is being taken on board."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100612574 contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
