```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Litherland are introducing a Section 60 order today following a shooting last night (Tuesday 29 December).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: S60 order issued following shooting in Litherland
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/s60-order-issued-following-shooting-in-litherland/
title: S60 order issued following shooting in Litherland | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/s60-order-issued-following-shooting-in-litherland/
```

18:21 30/12/2020

Officers in Litherland are introducing a Section 60 order today following a shooting last night (Tuesday 29 December).

Enquiries are ongoing after the incident, which happened in Harrington Road around 10.35pm. This follows an earlier shooting at a property on Thackerey Gardens on Sunday 27 December.

The Section 60 will be in place from 7pm today (Wednesday 30 December) until 10am tomorrow (Thursday 31st December) and covers the area on the map, bounded by Boundary Rd, Sefton Moss Lane, Poulsom Drive, Northumberland Way, Gorsey Lane, Sefton Rd, Hawthorne Rd, Harris Drive, Orrell Rd and Watts Lane.

The Order, under S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop people aged 12-60 in the area (pictured) and is designed to minimise serious violence in the area.

Sefton Community Chief Inspector Mike O'Malley said: "We share the community's concern at two recent firearms incidents in the area, and this is one of a number of measures we are taking to disrupt those who would consider bringing weapons onto our streets.

"Enquiries into both incidents continue and we are determined to establish exactly what happened and bring all those responsible to justice. Anyone prepared to endanger the lives of other people by carrying and firing a weapon in the heart of our communities is not welcome in Merseyside.

"This Section 60 order has been introduced to give us more power to stop people in an effort to prevent any further violence, and we welcome any information that local residents can provide on where weapons are being stored, carried or used. Be assured we will take action on all you tell us.

"We regularly patrol Litherland and the surrounding areas, and I hope the people who live there will welcome the fact they see our officers out in force in the coming days, both in uniform and plain clothes.

"They will not be troubling people going about their business and if you see us in the street then please do come and say hello, and feel free to share any information or concerns you may have.

"If you speak to us about this incident or any other criminality, we will take positive action."

If you have information about these incidents, contact us by DM via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
