```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a robbery at a shop in Ainsdale on Wednesday 16 December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following robbery in Ainsdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-ainsdale/
title: Appeal for information following robbery in Ainsdale | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-ainsdale/
```

08:45 18/12/2020

We are appealing for information following a robbery at a shop in Ainsdale on Wednesday 16 December.

At around 10pm, we received a reports of a robbery at the One Stop Shop on Liverpool Road.

Two men with their faces covered forced the shop shutters open, assaulted a member of staff and forced two members of staff into the back of the shop.

The offenders also made threats towards the staff, although no weapons were seen.

A total of £90 was taken from the till, as well as a number of cigarettes.

Police are looking to speak with a witness who is reported to have seen the incident through the shop window and saw the offenders make off in a dark coloured crossover style car.

The offenders are described as white men in their early 20s, around 5ft 10in tall, with Southport accents.

One of the men was wearing a black bubble coat, with camouflage balaclava and carrying a camouflage backpack. The other was wearing a black padded coat, black face mask, dark trousers and gloves.

An investigation is underway and CCTV and house-to-house enquiries are being carried out.

Detective Inspector Catherine Walsh said: "Robberies of businesses are far from victimless crimes - they have a huge impact on people living and working in Merseyside, who provide a vital service to our communities.

"We are committed to finding the people responsible and would ask anyone who has information to get in touch. I would appeal to anyone who was in the area, either on foot or in a car, yesterday evening who saw anyone or anything suspicious to contact us.

"We are particularly interested in speaking with the witness who may have seen the incident through the window - if this is you, please get in touch as you could hold information which is vital to our investigation."

Anyone with any information about this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or call, 101 quoting ref 20000764327.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
