```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers issued six fixed penalty notices and seized music equipment following an illegal rave in Whiston in the early hours of Sunday, 14 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six fixed penalty notices issued following illegal rave in Whiston
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/six-fixed-penalty-notices-issued-following-illegal-rave-in-whiston/
title: Six fixed penalty notices issued following illegal rave in Whiston | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/six-fixed-penalty-notices-issued-following-illegal-rave-in-whiston/
```

07:55 16/02/2021

Officers issued six fixed penalty notices and seized music equipment following an illegal rave in Whiston in the early hours of Sunday, 14 February.

At around 00.55am, patrols attended Whiston woods, near Cumber Lane, following a report that an unlicensed music event was planned in the area. On arrival, officers located around 20 people along with music equipment.

The equipment was seized and six people were issued with six penalty notices for breaching Covid regulations. Officers also seized a knife and suspected class A drugs.

Community Policing Chief Inspector Phil Mullally said: "An investigation is underway following this blatant breach of restrictions in the early hours of Sunday, which resulted in a number of people receiving fines.

"All those that attended have put themselves and others at risk and we are carrying out enquiries to identify the organisers and other attendees, who made off when patrols arrived. A significant amount of litter was also left behind which is simply unacceptable.

"This is not the first incident of its type that we have seen across Merseyside since restrictions began and I want to make it clear that they will not be tolerated. If you are irresponsible and inconsiderate enough to organise or attend one of these events, you should be aware that action will be taken.

"We must continue to abide by the regulations to ensure the safety of our communities, and I would ask the public to come forward with any information when people are flouting the rules."

Anyone with information on who organised this event, who attended, any future planned similar events or further information is asked to get in touch by contacting @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
