```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives in Wirral are welcoming the sentence of a Greasby man to 13 years in prison and an additional year on licence for sexual assaults of three girls and one boy.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Greasby man David Almond sentenced to 13 years in prison for sexual offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/greasby-man-david-almond-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison/
title: Greasby man David Almond sentenced to 13 years in prison for sexual offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/greasby-man-david-almond-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison/
```

11:12 21/02/2020

Detectives in Wirral are welcoming the sentence of a Greasby man to 13 years in prison and an additional year on licence for sexual assaults of three girls and one boy.

76-year-old David Robinson Almond from Summertrees Close was sentenced following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 20 February. He was also issued a lifetime Sex Offenders Order.

Almond was arrested in 2017 and subsequently charged with eight counts of indecent assault and four counts of indecency with a child on the Wirral, in the 1980s and 1990s.

Detective Constable Kevin Thomas said: "Almond systematically abused these children by grooming them and giving gifts, and through the victims' bravery we are able to see him face justice today. The effects on all of his victims are clearly significant and long-lasting and we only hope this verdict brings some comfort.

"Coming forward to report sexual offences requires courage and patience, and I'd like to assure anyone who is suffering in silence that specialist help and support will always be available.

"We treat all allegations of sexual offences sensitively and with compassion, and our specially trained officers will ensure that victims are listened to, safeguarded and supported every step of what can be a difficult and lengthy process."

Excerpt from a Victim Personal Statement (VPS):

"I feel that my abuser stole and forever changed my childhood spirit. I have hit rock bottom so many times, I have visited hell and purgatory for no fault of my own.

"He tainted my innocence in a predatory calculating manner. He groomed a child... at a time when I trusted all adults. He groomed me, buying me buying me gifts for his sexual perversions.

"I am using my voice to say you damaged me for decades and today I am still damaged.

"Due to the abuse I suffered at his hands, my teenage years left me with chronic depression, anxiety, self-loathing and ultimately PTSD.

"I think about what you did to me and realise a bit of me will always be missing. No medication, extra therapy, starving myself or unhelpful, destructive coping methods has kept you out of my mind. Every day of my life you have visited my thoughts, dreams and hope."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
