```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from Liverpool and Sefton have today, Friday 28th August, been carrying out a joint operation aimed at disrupting criminal activity and preventing antisocial behaviour and drug dealing.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Day of action in Liverpool/Sefton to combat criminal activity, ASB and drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/day-of-action-in-liverpoolsefton-to-combat-criminal-activity-asb-and-drug-dealing/
title: Day of action in Liverpool/Sefton to combat criminal activity, ASB and drug dealing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/day-of-action-in-liverpoolsefton-to-combat-criminal-activity-asb-and-drug-dealing/
```

13:55 28/08/2020

Officers from Liverpool and Sefton have today, Friday 28th August, been carrying out a joint operation aimed at disrupting criminal activity and preventing antisocial behaviour and drug dealing.

High visibility patrols, stop searches, open land searches have been carried out in the streets around Stanley Road and the Kirkdale/Bootle areas. A mobile police station has also been in the area.

So far there has been:
 **
**

**One male arrested for drug driving**

**One male arrested for breach of a court order**

**One male arrested for outstanding warrant**

**One vehicle seized no insurance**

**19 stop searches**

**10 vehicles stopped for checks**

**28 vehicles stopped for speeding**

**1 knife seized/found**

**1 stolen bicycle recovered**

**200 reassurance letters posted**

**14 alleyways swept**

**Two cans full of petrol recovered from abandoned house garden**

Sefton Community policing Superintendent Graeme Robson said: "We always listen to the concerns of our communities and will act upon them.

"Today's activity was a joint deployment between officers from the Sefton and Liverpool areas and was aimed around the Kirkdale and Bootle areas.

"The aim was not to stop people going about their lawful business but give a visible presence on the streets of our communities and at the same time disrupt criminal activity.

"We hope that the public who see our officers out and about will feel reassured and will engage with them.

"I would also encourage people to keep coming forward with information. If you know who is dealing drugs or carrying weapons in your area then please tell us so that we can take action."

Anyone with information can DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
