```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police is one of 36 organisations from across the North West to have been awarded Silver under the Ministry of Defence Employer Recognition Scheme for their support to Defence and the wider Armed Forces community.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police awarded silver in armed forces covenant employer recognition scheme awards
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/merseyside-police-awarded-silver-in-armed-forces-covenant-employer-recognition-scheme-awards/
title: Merseyside Police awarded silver in armed forces covenant employer recognition scheme awards | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/merseyside-police-awarded-silver-in-armed-forces-covenant-employer-recognition-scheme-awards/
```

11:49 04/08/2020

Merseyside Police is one of 36 organisations from across the North West to have been awarded Silver under the Ministry of Defence Employer Recognition Scheme for their support to Defence and the wider Armed Forces community.

The Employer Recognition Scheme was launched to reward employers who support Defence People objectives and encourage others to do the same. This includes employing serving and former members of the Armed Forces community, and demonstrating flexibility towards training and mobilisation commitments for Reservists and Cadet Force Adult Volunteers.

Other organisations to have been awarded Silver include NHS Foundation Trusts and local councils.

Merseyside Police currently has 34 police officers and staff who are Armed Forces Reservists. They commit a minimum of 28 days per year to the Armed Forces while being supported by the Force.

Chief Constable Andy Cooke signed the Armed forces Covenant in 2017 as part of the Forces commitment to engagement with the Armed Forces and veteran`s community.

Assistant Chief Constable Jon Roy said: "I am delighted that the force is being recognised for our shared commitment to the Armed Forces community.

"Our officers and staff should be applauded for the work they do, going beyond the call of duty in their day to day jobs and their commitment to being part of the Reserves and serving their country.

"Despite only receiving the Bronze award in February this year significant work has taken place to develop and strengthen ties with the Armed services including the adoption of a new partnership working scheme - Project NOVA - which will significantly improve engagement with veterans and reduce their involvement with the Criminal Justice System, providing support mechanisms to vulnerable ex-service personnel.

"This award is another step in delivering our responsibilities under the Armed Forces Covenant."

Johnny Mercer, Minister for Defence People and Veterans said: "The breadth and diversity of the winners this year shows how business support for the Armed Forces continues to grow no matter the sector, company size or location.

"I am grateful for the positive attitude and flexible policies these organisations have adapted towards the defence community, which is testament to the fantastic contribution our serving personnel, veterans and their families can make to any organisation. I am delighted that so many companies are supporting our people and that, through this scheme, we can give them the public recognition they deserve.

Jan Cox, Regional Employer Engagement Director at the North West of England and the Isle of Man Reserve Forces' and Cadets' Association (NW RFCA), said: "On behalf of the Ministry of Defence we are honoured to be able to recognise the support and commitment given to the Armed Forces Covenant by employers in the region, through the Employer Recognition Scheme awards.

"Each recipient has demonstrated not only that they support the Covenant and the Armed Forces community, but also that they are prepared to support their Reservists, Service Leavers, Veterans and Cadet Force Adult Volunteers in the workplace. The experiences and skills gained through service in the regular forces, with the Reserve Forces, or with the Cadet Forces, equips people with valuable life skills -self-discipline, confidence, communication, teamwork and leadership - all of which are in demand by employers."
