```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers on patrol yesterday (12th April) have discovered two cannabis farms in two properties next door to each other.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stop search leads to next door neighbour cannabis farms
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/stop-search-leads-to-next-door-neighbour-cannabis-farms/
title: Stop search leads to next door neighbour cannabis farms | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/stop-search-leads-to-next-door-neighbour-cannabis-farms/
```

11:48 13/04/2020

Officers on patrol yesterday (12th April) have discovered two cannabis farms in two properties next door to each other.

At around 11:15 yesterday morning, officers stop searched a 21 year old man on Rathbone Road after he was seen acting suspiciously. Here, he was found in possession of three bags of cannabis. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug.

Following this, officers conducted a further search at his home on Edge Lane Drive, Liverpool where they found a large cannabis farm housing around 175 plants worth in the region of £700,000 spread across three bedrooms and in the attic.

The 21 year old was consequently arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and abstracting electricity. Officers also seized a large TV and a mountain bike.

As officers were leaving the property, they noticed the neighbouring house had bordered the upper bedroom windows. As a result, officers decided to conduct a search of this property as well.

Officers knocked at the door where the occupant, a 60 year old man, admitted to having cannabis in his property. He was therefore arrested and a search was carried out at his address where another cannabis farm was found inside.

The 60 year old man was further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and production of cannabis.

Both men were taken to custody for questioning.

Inspector Katie Wilkinson said: "It is not often that we find two cannabis farms in neighbouring properties! I'd like to express my thanks to our observant and proactive officers for conducting the searches and managing to take a large amount of illegal substances off our streets.

"Anyone that knows someone involved in criminality should get in touch and help us keep Merseyside as safe as it can be." #OpTarget
