```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'In Merseyside, additional guidance will come into place from 00:01am on Saturday morning, 3 October. We are awaiting clear legislation and appropriate guidance but current indications are as follows:'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police guidance following announcement of new restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/merseyside-police-guidance-following-announcement-of-new-guidance/
title: Merseyside Police guidance following announcement of new restrictions | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/merseyside-police-guidance-following-announcement-of-new-guidance/
```

10:11 02/10/2020

In Merseyside, additional guidance will come into place from 00:01am on Saturday morning, 3 October. We are awaiting clear legislation and appropriate guidance but current indications are as follows:

• Restrictions on different households indoors in places such as pubs and restaurants
• It is recommended that there is no social mixing between households
• People should not attend amateur sports events as spectators
• People should only visit care homes in exceptional circumstances
• Adhere to guidance against all but essential travel, including school and work

These changes apply across Liverpool, Wirral, Knowsley, St Helens and Sefton in Merseyside, as well as Halton and Warrington in Cheshire.

Chief Inspector Karl Baldwin said: "We recognise that these new restrictions mean still more sacrifices to be made for all of our residents and businesses, and we understand that they will affect everyone's daily lives. But the sooner we all come together and follow these rules, the briefer this undoubtedly difficult period will be. The rate of infections is rising and this action can and will change things for the better. The more responsibly we act, the more effectively we can drive the rates down and the less likely that more severe restrictions will be introduced.

"Everyone has a part to play to protect ourselves, our loved ones, and all the most vulnerable people in our communities, and we're so thankful for the vast majority of those who are making such efforts on a daily basis, from individuals, household and businesses.

"This weekend, just like last weekend, we will have additional policing resources in the city and across all of our local policing areas. Our officers will be out and about to engage with the public, encourage people to adhere to the restrictions, and explain why it continues to be so important.

"We will however continue to take enforcement action when necessary. If you do not follow the instructions of officers, you risk being given a £200 fine, going up to a maximum of £3,200 if it is not paid. And organisers of gatherings can be fined as much as £10,000.

"Last weekend, a total of 37 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) were issued for breach of Coronavirus legislation, which were predominantly at house parties.

"We also saw action taken in Knowsley, where one location was reported and will be subject of a fine after being found to be open after 10pm. The overwhelming majority of establishments we visited have recognised the importance of adhering to legislation, and have put in measures to keep their patrons safe. If everyone does their bit, we will come through this as safely as possible."

Merseyside's Police Commissioner Jane Kennedy said: "Tighter restrictions such as these have been rumoured to be necessary for some time and unfortunately we are now at a critical stage of this epidemic. The steep increase in cases locally over recent days has caused deep concern and demonstrates why we must all be cautious, act with common sense and follow the new rules.

"Merseyside's police officers and staff continue to serve the public and I fully support their approach to engage, explain, encourage and if necessary, enforce the regulations.

"There will be an extra strain on resources over the coming weeks and months but the force is well prepared to work with our partners to respond. However, their work will be easier if we all play our part.

"Alongside Merseyside Police I thank the vast majority of people who have been following the guidance and I continue to urge everyone to please be responsible and observe the new regulations.

"We must all take personal responsibility to halt the impact of this virus, to protect ourselves, our loved ones and our communities. By following the regulations, we are all making a difference."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings, please contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
