```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued CCTV images of three males we want to speak to following reports of two robberies and an assault on the same evening.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV appeal following report of two robberies and assault in same evening
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/cctv-appeal-following-report-of-two-robberies-and-assault-in-same-evening/
title: CCTV appeal following report of two robberies and assault in same evening | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/cctv-appeal-following-report-of-two-robberies-and-assault-in-same-evening/
```

10:58 23/10/2020

We have issued CCTV images of three males we want to speak to following reports of two robberies and an assault on the same evening.

At around 5pm on Friday 21st August males walked into Go Local on Waddicar Lane in Melling. One male picked up a crate of lager and was asked by the assistant for ID. The male lifted up a lump hammer and said something to the assistant before the males ran out of the shop with the crate.

At around 6.25pm on the same evening at Dillons Food and Wine on Warbreck Moor, a male shop assistant saw the window of the shop being smashed with a hammer. A male then walked into the shop with the hammer and asked for the till to be opened but the assistant refused. Other males then started to pull items from shelves and the male with the hammer smashed items in shop. A quantity of cigarettes was stolen before the males left the shop.

At around 10.30pm that night, in Sefton Close in Kirkby, a male taxi driver was sitting in his car when a male knocked on his window and asked to be taken to Liverpool.

The taxi driver told the male he could only take pre booked fares and locked the doors. The driver side window was then smashed and the driver was assaulted with a hammer suffering injuries to his chest and neck.

At this stage all three incidents are being linked. An investigation is underway and extensive enquiries including CCTV enquiries have been carried out.

Detective Inspector Tony O'Brien said: "We believe all three of the incidents are linked. Everyone is entitled to go about there business and go to work without fear.

"We would like to speak to the three males pictured as we believe they could have information which is vital to our investigation.

"I would ask anyone who recognises anyone or has any information about any of the incidents on that evening to contact us so that we can take action to find the people responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 20000504288.
