```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Birkenhead are introducing a Dispersal Zone this evening (Friday 23 October) after reports of fireworks being thrown at homes, cars and police.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zone introduced in Birkenhead after fireworks incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/dispersal-zone-introduced-in-birkenhead-after-fireworks-incidents/
title: Dispersal zone introduced in Birkenhead after fireworks incidents | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/dispersal-zone-introduced-in-birkenhead-after-fireworks-incidents/
```

15:32 23/10/2020

Officers in Birkenhead are introducing a Dispersal Zone this evening (Friday 23 October) after reports of fireworks being thrown at homes, cars and police.

It comes into place at 5pm today until 11pm on Saturday (24 October) and covers the area on the map.

The Dispersal Zone covers the area bounded by the below roads and includes the road way up to the boundary for private dwellings and buildings, and: Fender Lane, Hoylake Road, Bidston Village Road, Boundary Road, Vyner Road North, Upton Road, Fender Way, Harthill Mews.

The order comes under Section 35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area and not return for up to 48 hours.

The Dispersal Zone is a response to a number of reports on Wednesday and Thursday evening from the public relating to fireworks being thrown at premises, cars and police.

Under the legislation, officers have the power to seize any item, including vehicles, used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "The events of the last two nights in this area are totally unacceptable, and we will not tolerate anyone who puts local people in fear by firing fireworks so dangerously.

"We introduce Dispersal Zones to help reduce anti-social behaviour, and will be out on high visibility patrols out from this evening enforcing it. We will take action against anyone seen throwing fireworks.

"We are well aware of the significant impact this sort of anti-social behaviour can have on the vast majority of people in area who are law-abiding members of the community,

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about youths throwing fireworks or anyone supplying fireworks to contact us."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. We also welcome any information on the illegal use of off-road bikes, including who is riding them illegally and where they are stored. Always call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
