```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Birkenhead are introducing a Dispersal Zone for the second successive weekend as a response to recent incidents of anti-social behaviour in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal Zone introduced in Birkenhead for second weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zone-introduced-in-birkenhead-for-second-weekend/
title: Dispersal Zone introduced in Birkenhead for second weekend | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zone-introduced-in-birkenhead-for-second-weekend/
```

09:28 10/07/2020

Officers in Birkenhead are introducing a Dispersal Zone for the second successive weekend as a response to recent incidents of anti-social behaviour in the area.

It comes into place at 5pm today (Friday 10 July) until 4.59pm on Sunday (12 July) and covers the area on the map.

The Dispersal Zone will cover the roads included within the below map, the same area as last weekend, and will include the footpaths pavements up to the boundaries of the private dwellings along the edge of the boundary roads on the attached map:

Park Road East/Conway Street/Argyle Street/ Argyle Street South/Elm Grove/Willmer Road/Balls Road East/Balls Road/Slatey Road/Park Road South/Park Road East.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour and youths gathering in the area.

These reports include youths riding pedal cycles and electric cycles aggressively and inconsiderately. Under the legislation, officers have the power to seize any item, including vehicles, used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "We ran a Dispersal Zone in the same area last weekend which helped us reduce anti-social behaviour in Birkenhead. We had an increased high visibility presence in the area of the dispersal zone to deter any offending and issued seven dispersal notices and seized two bicycles.

"All dispersal notices were followed up with letters home to parents from the Wirral Borough Council Anti-Social Behaviour team."

Insp Welch added: "We have seen an increase in recent weeks of youths gathering in this area behaving anti-socially, and are well aware of the significant impact that can have on individuals and communities, and we will continue targeting people in Birkenhead we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour.

"The vast majority of people in area are law-abiding members of the community, and I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"The Dispersal Zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to contact.

"We would like to thank the vast majority of you who are adhering to social distancing measures and protecting the wider community from the virus as well as those who are continuing to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour and reporting it to us."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. We also welcome any information on the illegal use of off-road bikes, including who is riding them illegally and where they are stored. Always call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
