```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have seized more than 300 cannabis plants from a house in Tuebrook following an incident on Monday 4 May.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Large cannabis farm found following incident in Tuebrook
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/378-cannabis-plants-found-at-home-in-tuebrook/
title: Large cannabis farm found following incident in Tuebrook | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/378-cannabis-plants-found-at-home-in-tuebrook/
```

08:04 06/05/2020

We have seized more than 300 cannabis plants from a house in Tuebrook following an incident on Monday 4 May.

At around 11.10pm, a call came in reporting a disturbance at a home in Osborne Road. Patrols attended and located a total of 378 cannabis plants across seven rooms and three floors. Our specialist Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT) cleared the premises yesterday (Tuesday 5 May) and enquiries continue to locate those responsible.

Matt Brown, who heads the CDT, said: "This is another large grow with the potential to cause significant harm in the community, whether by the fire and flood risk these farms create, or the serious violent crime they attract. Each and every cannabis farm we remove makes those streets safer places to live.

"Keep reporting any suspicious smells, sights or visitors where you are, and we'll continue to take this positive action. We're actually finding even more cannabis farms since lockdown began, with more than 3000 plants seized since 23 March, more than double the amount seized in the same period last year.

"Criminals are becoming more conspicuous on our streets, and those at home are more aware of the signs to spot, so thanks for all the information you provide, and keep it coming."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

A video in which where Matt Brown explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown where you live can be found here -

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
