```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'We can confirm two teenagers have been charged in connection with two stabbings in St Helens.


    On Wednesday, 21 August, it was reported that a 16-year-old boy was assaulted in the park area of the King George V playing fields on Church Road, Haydock. He was taken to hospital for treatment to serious but non-life threatening stab wounds to his back and shoulder.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers charged in connection with two stabbings in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/two-teenagers-charged-in-connection-with-two-stabbings-in-st-helens/
title: Two teenagers charged in connection with two stabbings in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/two-teenagers-charged-in-connection-with-two-stabbings-in-st-helens/
```

14:33 17/09/2019

We can confirm two teenagers have been charged in connection with two stabbings in St Helens.

On Wednesday, 21 August, it was reported that a 16-year-old boy was assaulted in the park area of the King George V playing fields on Church Road, Haydock. He was taken to hospital for treatment to serious but non-life threatening stab wounds to his back and shoulder.

On Tuesday 11 September, emergency services were called to Pennine Drive to reports of a 16-year-old male having been stabbed. He was taken to hospital for treatment to a non-life threatening wound to his thigh.

A 17-year-old male from Newton-le-Willows has been charged with Section 18 wounding with intent and possession of an offensive weapon in relation to the first incident and section 18 wounding and attempted section 18 wounding in relation to the second.

A 17-year-old male from Liverpool has been charged with Section 18 wounding with intent and possession of an offensive weapon in relation to the first incident and section 18 wounding, attempted section 18 wounding and possession of an offensive weapon in relation to the second.

They have both been remanded in custody to appear at South Sefton Youth Court this morning, Saturday 14th September.

Merseyside Police take the issue of knife crime extremely seriously. Have you got information on who is carrying knives or where they are being stored? Let us know so we can take action. DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111. #OpTarget
