```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man who sexually assaulted and punched a woman was jailed for a total of seven years and one month at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Monday 9 November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: St Helens man jailed for sexual assault of woman
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/st-helens-man-jailed-for-sexual-assault-of-woman/
title: St Helens man jailed for sexual assault of woman | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/st-helens-man-jailed-for-sexual-assault-of-woman/
```

14:14 10/11/2020

A man who sexually assaulted and punched a woman was jailed for a total of seven years and one month at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Monday 9 November).

John David Lawrence, 36 years, of no fixed address and formerly of St Helens, pleaded guilty to sexual assault by touching, putting a person in fear of violence and causing grievous bodily harm days before he was due to face trial.

On Monday, he was jailed for five years, seven months for sexual assault and 18 months for causing grievous bodily harm. He was also put on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Detective Constable Bob Sandham said: "Lawrence subjected his victim to reprehensible, brutal attacks and we welcome the fact he is now behind bars where he belongs.

"The victim is still suffering physically with mobility issues to this day and shown tremendous dignity and bravery in coming forward. While the psychological wounds may never heal, I hope the sentencing of her attacker provides some comfort.

"I also hope that Lawrence uses his time in prison to reflect on the impact his actions have had."

Det Con Sandham added: "The victim found the courage to speak out and report his crime, and I would like to take this opportunity to reassure and urge anyone who has suffered a sexual offence that if you can find the courage to come forward and speak to us, we will deal with you sensitively and make sure that reports are properly and thoroughly investigated.

"Merseyside Police takes every report of sexual offences extremely seriously, whether or not they are recent, and has dedicated officers who are trained to both thoroughly investigate sexual assault allegations and make sure that those reporting them are properly supported."

To report any sexual or violent assault, DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 or contact the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously. In an emergency always call 999.
