```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers from our local #OpTarget teams had a busy day on Wednesday (29th July) as they carried out numerous deployments across Merseyside aimed at locating those involved in serious violence, reassuring our communities and gathering intelligence to assist with ongoing investigations.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: Patrols across Merseyside continue to identify and arrest criminals'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/op-target-patrols-across-merseyside-continue-to-identify-and-arrest-criminals/
title: 'Op Target: Patrols across Merseyside continue to identify and arrest criminals | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/op-target-patrols-across-merseyside-continue-to-identify-and-arrest-criminals/
```

09:18 31/07/2020

Officers from our local #OpTarget teams had a busy on Wednesday (29th July) as they carried out numerous deployments across Merseyside aimed at locating those involved in serious violence, reassuring our communities and gathering intelligence to assist with ongoing investigations.

First, on the Wirral, a man was arrested for multiple driving offences including dangerous driving and theft of a motor vehicle. At around 2:15pm the man was seen riding an off road motorbike in Higher Bebington. He refused to stop for police and rode on the pavement, narrowly missing members of the public. A short time later, the same bike was seen on Storeton Road, again being driven dangerously. The rider then stalled the bike and tried to make off on foot but he was detained by officers and arrested. The motorcycle was seized, suspected as being stolen.

Over the water, at around 3:30pm we received a report of a group of people believed to be in possession of a knife on Dinas Lane, Huyton. Officers arrived at the scene and the group dispersed - a 13 year old boy was found hiding behind a tree where he was detained and found in possession of a large kitchen knife. He was arrested for possession of a bladed article. A further search also led to the recovery of a screwdriver, a balaclava and cannabis. He was therefore additionally arrested on suspicion of going equipped for theft and possession of a controlled drug. He was taken to custody for questioning and has since been released under investigation.

Elsewhere in Halewood, a car was spotted driving in excess of the speed limit and dangerously overtaking other road users. Instead of stopping when signalled to by officers, the car made off. It was later located abandoned on Church Road. It was seized, suspected as being stolen and enquiries are ongoing to establish the registered keeper.

In Southport, plain clothed officers witnessed what they believed to be a drugs transaction taking place between a person and someone in a Fiat Doblo. They consequently detained the two occupants in the van, a 53 year old man and a 43 year old man. The van was also searched where officers recovered approximately 250 wraps of suspected heroin and crack. The driver also failed a drugs wipe. Therefore, both men were arrested for possession with intent to supply and taken to custody.

The pedestrian, a 54 year old woman, was arrested for possession of a controlled Class A drug.

A 44 year old man was then arrested on Endbutt Lane, Waterloo for possession of a controlled Class B drug and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, again after being spotted in another suspected drugs transaction.

Officers stopped the car and found a small amount of cannabis hidden in the petrol cap. He was arrested at the scene and taken to custody for a further search where he was found in possession of white powder hidden in his underwear.

A third search was conducted at a property on Coney Crescent where a further 70 bags of cocaine were found as well as a large amount of cash hidden in the bed.

On Queens Drive, officers stopped a private hire taxi. The two male passengers were acting suspiciously and so were searched where one was found in possession of cash and a Renault car key. After being questioned, he stated the car was parked in Southey Street. A further patrol went to the location where the Renault Captur was recovered. It transpired that the car had been stolen the evening before in a burglary.

Both men were arrested on suspicion of Possession of a controlled drug, handling stolen goods and burglary. The car was later returned to its rightful owner.

If you would like to report someone acting suspiciously, are concerned about your safety or know someone involved in crime, please get in touch. Alternatively, if you would like to find out more about #OpTarget, please click the following link: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/police-forces/merseyside-police/areas/campaigns/campaigns/2018/operation-target/
