```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'A 21 year old man has been arrested following a warrant at a flat in Walton Park yesterday (19th March).


    The warrant follows intelligence regarding a firearms discharge on 29th November last year on Timon Avenue where a man suffered gunshot injuries to his back, a domestic incident in December last year as well as reports of a brick being thrown through a window of a property on Pembrook Rd, Bootle on Christmas Eve.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested for attempted murder following warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/man-arrested-for-attempted-murder-following-warrant/
title: Man arrested for attempted murder following warrant | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/man-arrested-for-attempted-murder-following-warrant/
```

12:51 20/03/2020

A 21 year old man has been arrested following a warrant at a flat in Walton Park yesterday (19th March).

The warrant follows intelligence regarding a firearms discharge on 29th November last year on Timon Avenue where a man suffered gunshot injuries to his back, a domestic incident in December last year as well as reports of a brick being thrown through a window of a property on Pembrook Rd, Bootle on Christmas Eve.

Officers forced their way into the property where the man was found attempting to jump from the second floor window.

He was coaxed back inside the property and detained.

A search of the flat was also conducted where officers found cannabis and multiple phones, along with a further search of a neighbouring derelict flat where an imitation firearm was located.

The 21 year old was consequently arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, possession of a firearm, assault and criminal damage.

Inspector Dave Uren said: "Nobody in the community wants to be at risk from the threat of weapons on their streets. This year we have continued to see the community come forward and help us investigate crime which have resulted in arrests and seizures.

"By sharing information with us, you can make a massive difference. Speak to us directly, or if you don't have the confidence to do so, speak anonymously to @CrimestoppersUK, but whatever you do - say something." #OpTarget
