```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have today, Thursday 3rd December, executed a warrant at an address in Speke to target those involved in County Lines into Cheshire.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested and cash seized as part of County Lines investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/two-arrested-and-cash-seized-as-part-of-county-lines-investigation/
title: Two arrested and cash seized as part of County Lines investigation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/two-arrested-and-cash-seized-as-part-of-county-lines-investigation/
```

17:10 03/12/2020

Officers have today, Thursday 3rd December, executed a warrant at an address in Speke to target those involved in County Lines into Cheshire.

The activity was part of ongoing Project Medusa, an operation led by Merseyside Police and set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

Two people, a 25 year-old woman and a 24 year-old man, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in making an offer to supply Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

They are both currently in custody where they will be questioned by detectives.

As part of their investigation officers recovered a large amount of cash initially estimated to be in the region of £12,000.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "Today's warrant is on the back of the work we're carrying out day in day out to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Despite the global pandemic, it is business as usual for these criminals, who will carry out this type of activity, despite the restrictions that are in place, risking the health of everyone they come into contact with, when we should be doing all we can to halt the spread of the virus.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

Anyone with information which could assist our investigation into County Lines criminality can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
