```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers yesterday (19th October) welcomed the sentencing of a 31 year old man following a two year investigation into the illegal manufacture and supply of firearms and home-made explosives.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to 8 years in prison following firearms and explosives investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/man-sentenced-to-8-years-n-prison-following-firearms-and-explosives-investigation/
title: Man sentenced to 8 years in prison following firearms and explosives investigation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/man-sentenced-to-8-years-n-prison-following-firearms-and-explosives-investigation/
```

09:46 20/10/2020

Officers yesterday (19th October) welcomed the sentencing of a 31 year old man following a two year investigation into the illegal manufacture and supply of firearms and home-made explosives.

The investigation began in July 2018 when two warrants were executed at addresses on Kinsman Court and Micawber Close, Liverpool South. Here, officers recovered numerous firearms, both antique and modified, ammunition, home-made explosives, grenades, explosive powders and an extensive library of manuals detailing how to make explosives, including 'The Anarchist Cookbook'.

Michael Green, 31, from Liverpool was arrested in July 2018 and released under investigation. Following a lengthy forensic investigation, Michael Green, 31, of Micawber Close, Liverpool was further arrested the following year (December 2019) on suspicion of Possession of S5 Prohibited weapons (x2), Possession of S1 Firearms (x3) and Possession of S1 Ammunition (x2).

He was charged on 5th December 2019 and appeared at Liverpool Crown Court on 11th June 2020 where he pleaded guilty to Possession of a Firearm without a Certificate and Possession of an Explosive Substance for an unlawful purpose.

Yesterday, he was sentenced to eight years behind bars.

D/Sgt Graeme Kehoe who has been leading on the case said: "This has been a long investigation and has not been helped by the Covid-19 pandemic which added further delays. Despite this, today we have seen Michael Green brought to justice.

"Being in possession of these weapons as well as explosive materials is obviously dangerous, especially if you do not have a licence to own any of the items pictured. Antiques or not, they have the potential to cause serious injury and even death if they aren't handled with the right care or indeed with criminal intent.

"I would urge anyone else living in Merseyside to get in touch with us if they know someone carrying or in possession of a weapon - it is so important we work together to rid the streets of these dangerous weapons and people.

"I hope that the result today shows the public that we will investigate thoroughly and bring offenders to justice despite the timeframe and/or challenges we might face along the way."
