```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that the Section 60 order in Kirkby will again be renewed today, Saturday 11 January 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 renewed in Kirkby as man arrested on suspicion of firearm possession
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/section-60-renewed-in-kirkby-as-man-in-arrested-on-suspicion-of-firearm-possession/
title: Section 60 renewed in Kirkby as man arrested on suspicion of firearm possession | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/section-60-renewed-in-kirkby-as-man-in-arrested-on-suspicion-of-firearm-possession/
```

12:32 11/01/2020

We can confirm that the Section 60 order in Kirkby will again be renewed today, Saturday 11 January 2020.

The order, which is a continued response to shootings last Monday and potential for further incidents, will be in existence from 2pm today until 2am tomorrow morning, Sunday 11 January.

Officers are authorised to search any males aged between 14-40 years in the geographical location shown on the map.

Yesterday afternoon at 4pm, a 28-year-old man from Kirkby was stopped on Broad Lane by officers using powers to search people provided by the Section 60. He was searched, found to be in possession of what was believed to be a CS gas canister, and detained. The man was arrested on suspicious of possession of a Section 5 firearm and taken in for questioning.

Chief Inspector Nick Gunatilleke said: "Yesterday's arrest and weapon seizure is a perfect example of why we continue to authorise a Section 60 in Kirkby. The man in question was walking the streets in possession of a dangerous item, now removed from the streets.

"We often hear questions from people in our communities about Section 60 authorities. For example, why do we announce them to people in the area? Two reasons: legally, we're required to tell people when an order is in place but also we want to reassure the vast majority of law-abiding people in Kirkby that we are here for you. These orders aren't to bother people going about their daily business, but to keep those same people safe.

"We will search people proportionately and in the right areas, to disrupt criminal activity and prevent any further violence taking place.

"Speak to our officers when you see them, or pass any concerns of information via our social media desk @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers, who are completely independent of police, on 0800 555 111."
