```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today, Monday 27th January, continuing to appeal for assistance in finding the killer of a 44 year-old Liverpool man three years after his death.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information three years after murder of Tommy Baker
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-for-information-three-years-after-murder-of-tommy-baker/
title: Appeal for information three years after murder of Tommy Baker | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-for-information-three-years-after-murder-of-tommy-baker/
```

13:11 27/01/2020

We are today, Monday 27th January, continuing to appeal for assistance in finding the killer of a 44 year-old Liverpool man three years after his death.

Thomas 'Tommy Baker', who was from the Everton area, was fatally shot in the head and chest outside the Phoenix gym on the site of the Stanley meat market in Old Swan on the morning of Friday 27th January 2017.

Since his death five men have been arrested in connection with his murder but none have been charged and enquiries continue.

Detective Superintendent Richie Salter said: "It's been three years since Thomas Baker was shot in broad daylight and his family have not received any justice.

"We know over time that loyalties and allegiances change and I would appeal to anyone who knows who was responsible for the shooting to get in touch so that we can take action.

"Firearms have no place on the streets of Merseyside and the person or people responsible deserve to be behind bars. We need the community or those who are shielding the killer to come forward and do the right thing.

"I would also appeal to anyone who has any knowledge of a silver VW Polo which was seen outside the gym on the morning of Mr Baker's death to come forward.

"It is believed the gunman was driving the car, which after leaving the gym car park turned right onto Prescot Road in the direction of Liverpool city centre.

"I want anyone who saw anything or has information about this case to ring us or call Crimestoppers anonymously. It is vital that we receive information from our communities to tackle gun crime and get these weapons off our streets.

Anyone who has information which could help should contact the specialist Matrix team on 0800 230 0600, DM @MerPolCC or call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
