```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a shooting in Bootle last September have charged a fourth person in connection with the incident and further alleged incidents.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fourth person charged after Bootle shooting
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/fourth-person-charged-after-bootle-shooting/
title: Fourth person charged after Bootle shooting | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/fourth-person-charged-after-bootle-shooting/
```

16:38 06/07/2020

Detectives investigating a shooting in Bootle last September have charged a fourth person in connection with the incident and further alleged incidents.

At around 9.10pm on Saturday 21 September 2019, officers were called to Markfield Road to reports that damage consistent with a firearms discharge had been caused to the window of a house. Officers attended and later found the exterior wall of another house had also been damaged.

On Thursday 2 July, three people were arrested and taken to a police station for questioning. All three were subsequently charged as follows:

Darren Russell, 22, of no fixed abode was charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life; possession of a firearm; two counts of conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm with intent and perverting the course of justice.

Thomas Jennings, 25, of no fixed abode was charged with selling/transferring a prohibited weapon/ammunition.

Jasmine Bech, 19, of Eltham Avenue, Litherland was charged with conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm with intent, conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm with intent and committing an act/series of acts with intent to pervert the course of public justice.

They appeared at Liverpool Magistrates Court Friday 3 July and were remanded to appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 31 July 2020.

Today (Monday 6 July) Simeon Pike, 24, of Singleton Drive, Prescot was arrested and later charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life/enable another to do so; possession of a firearm of length less than 30cm/60cm - prohibited weapon; and possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class B (cannabis). He was remanded in custody to appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court tomorrow (Tuesday 7 July).
