```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A 31 year-old Liverpool man has today, Thursday 30th January, been sentenced for stalking his former partner.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Liverpool man, 31, sentenced for stalking his former partner
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/liverpool-man-31-sentenced-for-stalking-his-former-partner/
title: Liverpool man, 31, sentenced for stalking his former partner | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/liverpool-man-31-sentenced-for-stalking-his-former-partner/
```

16:07 30/01/2020

A 31 year-old Liverpool man has today, Thursday 30th January, been sentenced for stalking his former partner.

Paul Seels, of Tancred Road, Anfield, pleaded guilty to stalking and possession of a section 5 firearm (a Taser).

He was given a 12 month community order, 25 rehabilitation days, 150 hours unpaid work and ordered to pay £325\. He was also given a five year restraining order and the Taser has been forfeited.

The court heard that following the breakdown of his relationship with his partner in October 2019 Seels made repeated phone calls and texts on social media, and visited her home address.

Inspector Beth Blake said: "I hope this case gives other victims the confidence to come forward if they are being subjected to this type of unacceptable and criminal behaviour so that we can take action.

"It is an absolute priority for us to protect vulnerable people and we welcome any victim of stalking who finds the confidence to report offences, we will investigate them thoroughly and with discretion. We have specially trained officers to support anyone going through the distress and isolation of being a victim of stalking.

"If you feel you have been a victim of this type of crime, please get in contact with police. If you are ever in immediate danger always dial 999. If you do not want to contact the police at this time then seek support from other agencies or speak to friends and family about what is happening. But above all else: don't suffer in silence."

Anyone who would like to report an offence of stalking or who has information is encouraged to contact Merseyside Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also call the National Stalking Helpline, a project run by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, on 0808 802 0300.
