```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man and recovered a blank firing handgun and an air pistol after attending a house in Old Swan last night (Wednesday 16 September).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and weapons recovered in Old Swan
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/man-arrested-and-weapons-recovered-in-old-swan/
title: Man arrested and weapons recovered in Old Swan | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/man-arrested-and-weapons-recovered-in-old-swan/
```

11:23 17/09/2020

We have arrested a man and recovered a blank firing handgun and an air pistol after attending a house in Old Swan last night (Wednesday 16 September).

It was reported that a man had threatened a woman with a firearm earlier in the day, and after police were called to an altercation at a property on Moscow Drive at around 8.35pm a man was detained and a search of the house conducted.

Officers located an air pistol, a blank firing handgun and blank firing ammunition.

A 25-year-old man from Old Swan was arrested on suspicion of possession of firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, and assault. He has been taken into custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Simon Hurst said: "As the image shows, the weapon we seized last night could very easily mistaken for a live firearm to the untrained eye, and could have been used to create significant fear and harm in our communities.

"Every time we seize weapons like these, the streets are made safer. And every arrest sends a clear message to offenders that we are determined to bring them to justice and hold them accountable for the harm they cause.

"They should sleep less soundly knowing that their door might be the next one we come knocking at."

Det Insp Hurst added: "Operation Target has seen great success in disrupting serious and organised crime, and taking the weapons criminals use out of their hands.

"We are determined to continue those efforts, and I would urge anyone who knows where weapons are being stored to tell us so we can take firm action to take them off the streets and put the people who store them before the courts."

Anyone with information about those involved in gun crime, or who knows where weapons are being stored should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
