```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has today, Friday, 12 February, welcomed the sentencing of a Liverpool man to 11 years in prison for sexual offences against two teenage boys.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Robert Murray sentenced to 11 years in prison for sex offences against teenage boys
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/robert-murray-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-for-sex-offences-against-teenage-boys/
title: Robert Murray sentenced to 11 years in prison for sex offences against teenage boys | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/robert-murray-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-for-sex-offences-against-teenage-boys/
```

17:19 12/02/2021

Merseyside Police has today, Friday, 12 February, welcomed the sentencing of a Liverpool man to 11 years in prison for sexual offences against two teenage boys.

76-year-old Robert Murray of Harrismith Road, Fazakerley, was jailed after being found guilty of 12 counts of of indecent assault following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

The offences relate to two male victims, both teenagers at the time, and date back to the 1970s, when Murray worked at a Liverpool residential home for boys.

Speaking after the sentencing, a Merseyside Police spokesperson said: "Murray is a disgraceful and cowardly individual who seriously breached the trust of the two victims, and it's pleasing to see him jailed for a significant amount of time today.

"He continued to deny his crimes right throughout the investigation, putting the victims through the stress of a trial, but was found guilty by unanimous verdict on all charges against him.

"I want to commend the victims for the courage they have shown, not only in coming forward to report Murray, but throughout the investigation and court process too. Murray's actions have no doubt significantly affected their lives, but I hope today brings a sense of closure on the traumatic experiences they have both been through, and allows them to continue moving forward knowing Murray won't be released for a significant amount of time.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to reach out to victims of sexual abuse, and to let them know that time should never be a barrier to obtaining justice. We have specially trained officers ready to listen to you and treat you with respect and compassion. If you are suffering in silence, there is help and support available, both from Merseyside Police, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will stand with you."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
