```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that five men have been sentenced to a total of 27 years and six months in prison following phase two of a drug supply conspiracy operation in Merseyside.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: South Sefton drug suppliers sentenced to 27 years six months in prison following second phase of major operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/south-sefton-drug-suppliers-sentenced-to-27-years-six-months-in-prison-following-second-phase-of-major-operation/
title: South Sefton drug suppliers sentenced to 27 years six months in prison following second phase of major operation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/south-sefton-drug-suppliers-sentenced-to-27-years-six-months-in-prison-following-second-phase-of-major-operation/
```

13:40 12/03/2020

We can confirm that five men have been sentenced to a total of 27 years and six months in prison following phase two of a drug supply conspiracy operation in Merseyside.

The investigation centred on the supply of Class A and B drugs by a crime group operating in South Sefton between June 2018 and June 2019. Drugs with a street value of up to £120,000 were seized, in addition to significant quantities of mixing agents and cash totalling around £14,000.

All eight pleaded guilty and were sentenced today, Thursday 12 March 2020. They are as follows:
26-year-old Luke Walsh of Cumpsty Road in Litherland was sentenced to eight years in prison for conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs
21-year-old Ryan Boorne of Overton Close, Kirkby was sentenced to eight years in prison for conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs
36-year-old David Cunningham of Brownmoor Lane in Crosby was sentenced to four years and six months in prison for conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs
19-year-old Thomas Beverage of Outer Forum in Norris Green was sentenced to three and six month in prison for conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and possession of mobile phones in prison
47-year-old James Senior of Daley Road in Litherland was sentenced to three years and six months in prison for conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs
32-year-old Thomas Maloney of Hawthorne Road in Bootle as sentenced to 18 months suspended sentence for conspiracy to supply Class B drugs
22-year-old Thomas Clucas of Benedict Street in Bootle was sentenced to 18 months suspended sentence for conspiracy to supply Class B drugs
A 16-year-old boy from Crewe, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was sentenced to 18 months suspended sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs

At around 11am on Friday 3 August 2018, officers on patrol in Kirkstone Road North, Litherland searched the occupants of a taxi which had the smell of cannabis. Drugs were found and Luke Walsh was arrested on suspicion of possessing cannabis.

The Cumpsty Road home address of Walsh was consequently searched, resulting in the seizure of cannabis, cocaine, paraphernalia and cash. He was rearrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and possession of criminal property.

An extensive investigation followed, which uncovered a conspiracy by the eight men to supply drugs in South Sefton, namely cocaine, crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis.

Drugs were stored in and supplied from locations including Sandon Lodge sheltered accommodation on Seaforth Road, Seaforth.

Those sentenced are linked to an organised crime group from Merseyside, who sentenced to a total of more than 60 years in prison in January following a joint investigation between the South West Regional Organised Crime Unit (SWROCU), Merseyside Police and Dorset Police.

A co-ordinated strike day on Thursday 27 June 2019 saw warrants carried out and the arrests and charges of Walsh, Boorne, Clucas, Maloney, Cunningham and the 16-year-old boy. Senior and Beverage were charged on later dates.

Speaking after today's sentences, Superintendent Graeme Robson, Area Commander for Sefton said: "This investigation is the second phase of major work we carried out to deal with a crime group who have caused significant threat and harm to the people of Sefton and beyond. As the video footage shows, they were blase enough to gain access to local sheltered accommodation, and purchased items for their criminal business locally.

"Drug supply causes so much misery in our communities, so Merseyside Police will continue to target and dismantle organised crime groups at all levels, protecting those communities affected and making the streets hostile places for criminals to operate.

"Like today's results, much of our positive action depends on local people passing on information, so keep doing this and see the results where you live. Whether you come forward directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers or other partner agencies, we want to hear from you, and we'll handle what you tell us with sensitivity and discretion."

Anyone with information on suspected drug supply or storage in their area is encouraged to contact us @MerPolCC, 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also make a report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
