```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm there was a reduction in the number of calls received by the force about anti-social behaviour and criminal damage yesterday (Friday, 30 October).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reports of ASB and criminal damage for 30 October down compared with last year
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/reports-of-asb-and-criminal-damage-for-30-october-down-compared-with-last-ye/
title: Reports of ASB and criminal damage for 30 October down compared with last year | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/reports-of-asb-and-criminal-damage-for-30-october-down-compared-with-last-ye/
```

11:51 31/10/2020

We can confirm there was a reduction in the number of calls received by the force about anti-social behaviour and criminal damage yesterday (Friday, 30 October).

A total of 1,285 calls were received during the police operation between 2pm and 11pm yesterday, down from 1373, (a 6.4% decrease) during the same period in 2019.

There was a 7.7% decrease in reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage with 523 such reports being made compared to 567 the previous year.

Officer attended a number of incidents, including reports damage had been caused to a number of vehicles and houses in the Maghull area. On arrival, a group of youths threw stones at the police vehicle, before making off in the direction of the King George playing fields. A 14-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage.

Following a warrant at an address in Rock Ferry, officers recovered a quantity of fireworks, cannabis and suspected cocaine, and arrested a 22-year-old male on suspicion of conspiracy to commit criminal damage and possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs.

At around 7.30pm, officers were called to Aintree Retail Park following reports a delivery driver had been assaulted by a group of youths, who then made off with his moped. Officers attended and a short time later recovered the scooter and arrested two 15-year-old boys and a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of robbery. The victim sustained minor injuries.

Commander for the policing operation, Chief Inspector Peter Clark said: "The Halloween and Bonfire Night period is a typically busy time for all emergency services, and this year we have the added element of enforcing Covid-19 restrictions. Despite a number of incidents of anti-social behaviour and criminal damage yesterday, we saw an overall decrease in calls compared with the same period last year, which is pleasing.

"We will continue to have increased patrols out and about tonight to engage with the public and ensure our communities are enjoying themselves safely, but we will continue to take swift action where criminality is concerned.

"I would like to thank the overwhelming majority of the public for acting safely and responsibly. We understand this is usually a time for celebrations but by abiding by the government restrictions, you are doing your part to ensure we can all spend time with our loved ones again soon.

"There will be extra high-visibility patrols across Merseyside tonight to ensure everyone enjoys Halloween responsibly, and we would ask parents and guardians to make sure you know where your children are, who they're with, and what they are doing. If you are concerned about anti-social behaviour, criminal damage or criminality in your area, please get in touch so we can take action"

To report a crime, always contact 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, you can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 080 555 111.
