```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that four men have been sentenced to a total of 14 years and five months years in prison following an Anfield drug supply operation.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside drugs conspiracy gang jailed for more than 14 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/merseyside-drugs-conspiracy-gang-jailed-for-more-than-14-years/
title: Merseyside drugs conspiracy gang jailed for more than 14 years | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/merseyside-drugs-conspiracy-gang-jailed-for-more-than-14-years/
```

13:04 18/12/2020

**Pictured L to R: Kevin Weetman, Michael Garland, Matthew Duncan, Joe Hamblin**

We can confirm that four men have been sentenced to a total of 14 years and five months in prison following an Anfield drug supply operation.

The operation centred on an organised crime group based around the Breck Road area, who were involved in the supply of heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis.

Yesterday, Thursday 17 December 2020, the four men were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court.

29-year-old Kevin Weetman of Walton Road, Walton pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five and a half years in prison, comprising four and a half years for conspiracy to supply cannabis and 12 months for the theft of five motorbikes in the Brighton area, to run consecutively.
Weetman was acknowledged as the head of the crime group.
Also sentenced were:
52-year-old Michael Garland of Sedley Street, Anfield pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 32 months in prison for conspiracy to supply cannabis
30-year-old Matthew Duncan of Warham Road, Anfield pleaded guilty and was sentenced to four years in prison for conspiracy to supply heroin
30-year-old Joe Hamblin of Hanwell Street, Anfield pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 25 months in prison for conspiracy to supply cannabis

During the course of the operation, 174 wraps of heroin were seized, and more than 700 grams of cannabis with a street value of £10,000, in addition to cash and suspected cocaine.

Pictured are some of the drugs seized during the operation.

Detective Inspector Chris Lowe said: "We're pleased with the sentenced handed out today, which will make a massive difference to the Anfield community.

"At the head of this group sat Kevin Weetman, and a network of others, who were used to deal and store drugs locally. For Weetman and his criminal associates to be disrupted and now dismantled is extremely good news for those who live nearby, and will make the area a stronger place to live, ad and a more hostile place for criminals to operate.

"Nobody should have to live near to those using or dealing drugs. Drug supply causes misery to those who are addicted; distress to those who are victims of the associated crime and violence; and affects the quality of lives of local residents and businesses. We work closely with our communities, groups and local partners to reinforce these messages, and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank anyone who has come forward with information in the area. We listen and we act.

"With your continued support, such positive action will continue in any area where drug supply and other organised crime is spreading harm. Talk to us directly or pass on what you know via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, a charity completely independent of the police."
