```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and issuing advice following a bogus official burglary of an elderly woman in Crosby this afternoon, Sunday 19 July.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following bogus official burglary in Crosby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-bogus-official-burglary-in-crosby/
title: Detectives appeal for information following bogus official burglary in Crosby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-bogus-official-burglary-in-crosby/
```

20:51 19/07/2020

Detectives are appealing for information and issuing advice following a bogus official burglary of an elderly woman in Crosby this afternoon, Sunday 19 July.

At around 2.30pm, two men attended the home address of a woman in her 90s in Trevor Drive and gained entry by claiming to be from the police. While inside, they stole cash and made off. The victim was left extremely shaken but uninjured.

The suspects are described as white, around 40 years old, wearing t-shirts and dungarees. One of the men is believed to have ginger hair. They may have arrived at the location in a van.

Detective Inspector Catherine Walsh said: "This was a despicable offence against an elderly woman, in her own home, a place she deserves to feel safe in. It's hard to believe that anyone would stoop so low as to target a woman of this age to steal money. Extensive enquiries are underway.

"We are working hard to trace the offenders and I'd also like to ask the local community for their assistance - if you live in this area and have recently seen two men, acting suspiciously, maybe knocking on doors, to get in contact. If you live in or around Trevor Drive, please check home CCTV or dashcam in case you have captured images of these men and their vehicle.

"Offenders like this deliberately target the most vulnerable in our community and there are a number of steps people can take to try to prevent this from happening. We will be speaking to people door-to-door in the area but I would also ask people to take a few minutes to ensure to check on any elderly neighbours, family and friends and ensure are given the right advice and guidance. We will act on all information to find these deplorable people and bring them to justice."

• Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
• Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
• Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out"
• Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
• It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property
• Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
• If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help

Anyone with information which could help the police with their inquiries is asked to contact @MerPolCC or 101 quoting reference number 591 of 19 July. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
