```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from our Roads Policing Unit are making a further appeal for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision on the M57 on Monday 7th December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal collision on M57
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-collision-on-m57/
title: Appeal for witnesses following fatal collision on M57 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-collision-on-m57/
```

13:30 09/12/2020

Officers from our Roads Policing Unit are making a further appeal for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision on the M57 on Monday 7th December.

At around 2.05pm, emergency services were called to the M57 southbound between J4 (Kirkby Industrial Estate) and J3 (Stockbridge Village) after reports of a White Vauxhall Corsa leaving the carriageway.

The male driver, aged 37, was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene.

On Tuesday 8th December Roads Policing officers arrested a 60 year-old man for the offences of failing to stop at the scene of a road traffic collision and failing to report a road traffic collision.

The man has been released under investigation.

Sgt Ryan Lowry, from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "I would like to pass my condolences to the family of the deceased man at this time.
The family are being supported by specialist trained officers.

"Our investigation into the circumstances of the collision are ongoing at this time. I would like to speak to anyone travelling on the M57 motorway at the time of the collision as I believe that a number of other drivers may have seen the white Corsa leave the carriageway.

"I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area at the time and has dashcam fitted please check their saved footage for anything that may help us with our investigation.

"In addition I would appeal to the drivers of a black Vauxhall Astra, a silver Mercedes and a white Citroen Relay van as it is believed they may have witnessed the collision.

Anyone with information is urged to call the Roads Policing Unit on 0151 777 5747, message our social media desk @MerPolCC, or call 101 quoting reference number 20000743511.
