```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We know that our communities living in Merseyside may currently feel uncertain about the future so we\u2019d like to take this opportunity to once again reassure you that we are continuing to go out daily, using plain clothed and high visibility patrols, speak to the public, support businesses and locate criminals.\n\nIn the past 48 hours, alongside our daily duties, officers across the force have arrested a number of people, seized weapons as well as drugs and welcomed the sentencing of a man involved in a serious stabbing last year."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers make arrests, drug and weapon seizures in past 48 hours
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-make-arrests-drug-and-weapon-seizures-in-past-48-hours/
title: Officers make arrests, drug and weapon seizures in past 48 hours | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-make-arrests-drug-and-weapon-seizures-in-past-48-hours/
```

14:37 01/04/2020

We know that our communities living in Merseyside may currently feel uncertain about the future so we'd like to take this opportunity to once again reassure you that we are continuing to go out daily, using plain clothed and high visibility patrols, speak to the public, support businesses and locate criminals.

In the past 48 hours, alongside our daily duties, officers across the force have arrested a number of people, seized weapons as well as drugs and welcomed the sentencing of a man involved in a serious stabbing last year.

**Arrests:**

A 37 year old man from Bolton was arrested on suspicion of possession of a Section 5 Firearm and possession of a bladed article. The man was stopped after being spotted driving the wrong way on a one way street at around 4:30pm on 30th March. The car was searched and inside officers found a Taser, disguised as a torch, a knuckle duster and Cannabis resin. He has been released under investigation until later this month.

_

_Another man and a woman were also arrested following an attempt robbery from a car in Birkenhead yesterday evening (31st March).

Officers on patrol detained the 40 year old man on Westbourne Road who was found in possession of two lock knives and subsequently arrested on suspicion of robbery, public order and possession of a bladed article. The 43 year old woman was also arrested on suspicion of robbery.

Elsewhere, officers were deployed to Kirkby Town Centre yesterday just before midday where reports stated a group of men had been seen fighting.

Four men, two in their 20s and two in their 40s were detained and arrested for affray whilst two hammers were also recovered from the scene. They were taken to custody for further questioning.

Officers then attended an address in Westvale where a wanted 35 year old man was located and arrested on suspicion of threats to kill, harassment, assault and on prison recall. A large knife was also found hidden in the living room sofa.

Following this, a 20 year old man from Liverpool was arrested on possession with intent to supply Class B drugs. Officers attended an address on Kingsheath Avenue, Knotty Ash where numerous bags of cannabis where found inside a car parked in the driveway. The man was taken to custody for questioning.

Later, a 37 year old man from Liverpool was arrested for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and drug driving.

At 6.30pm, officers stopped a Ford C-Max on Seaforth Road after it was seen in suspicious circumstances. The driver was unable to account for why he was in the area and was detained for a drug search. Suspected heroin, cocaine and cash were found.

Following a search of his home address, a CS spray canister was also seized. The man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs; possession of a Section 5 firearm; and drug driving. He was taken to a police station for questioning and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

__

**
RESULTS**

In addition to these arrests, a 28 year old man from St Helens also appeared at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (31st March) where he was sentenced to 8 years behind bars after being found guilty of Section 18 wounding following an incident in September last year.

The victim, a 30-year-old man, had gone to a house party at the home of Dean Weaver, 28, on Fidler Street where Weaver stabbed him in the arm with a combat style knife.

The victim was then savagely attacked by Weaver's Staffordshire Bull Terrier which left him with severe scarring.

Officers including a dog patrol were deployed to the scene and Weaver was arrested, and the dog and knife were seized.

Weaver was arrested and charged and yesterday, sentenced for the offence.

Head of Local Policing, Chief Superintendent Matt Boyle, said: "It has been a busy few weeks for everyone which has left communities having to adapt to a new 'normal'. It is undoubtedly unsettling for all and therefore, we wanted to show you that despite what is going on in the world, it doesn't mean regular policing comes to a stand-still.

"We remain just as dedicated as ever in bringing offenders to justice, supporting people and local businesses as well as enforcing the government's guidance and offering reassurance to the public at every opportunity we can.

"You are not alone in your worry around your own health and the wellbeing of your loved ones - we too have concerns and worry for our own family and friends.

"Nonetheless, we are continuing to deploy to areas of concern, act upon community intelligence and bring offenders to justice.

"Just because the country is in a very different place to what we were just a few weeks ago, doesn't mean we stop. Please keep reporting crime, but most importantly look after yourselves. Together we will get through this, but until then we will continue to protect and serve you the best we can."

**How you can help:** Support our call handlers prioritise incidents properly by reporting all non-urgent crime online on our website https://www.merseyside.police.uk/ro/report/ocr/af/how-to-report-a-crime/, or direct message us @MerPolCC - in an emergency, always call 999 and if you are worried that you or a family member has any symptoms of Covid-19, visit https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus #StayHomeSaveLives

_(Balloon picture courtesy of residents in Marquis Street, supporting each other in this difficult time)._
