```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Operation Target officers have carried out 12 warrants and made a number arrests this week, as we continue to pursue those involved in serious and organised crime.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Op Target officers carry out 12 warrants across Merseyside resulting in eight arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/op-target-officers-carry-out-12-warrants-across-merseyside-resulting-in-eight-arrests/
title: Op Target officers carry out 12 warrants across Merseyside resulting in eight arrests | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/op-target-officers-carry-out-12-warrants-across-merseyside-resulting-in-eight-arrests/
```

17:56 15/11/2019

Operation Target officers have carried out 12 warrants and made a number arrests this week, as we continue to pursue those involved in serious and organised crime.

On Monday, 11 November, a warrant was executed at an address on Mount Pleasant Road, Wallasey, where a cannabis farm consisting of a total of 60 plants was located.

On Tuesday, a second cannabis farm of 60 plants was located at an address in Elmswood Road, Birkenhead. Following a warrant at an address in Grosvenor Road, a quantity of cash and cannabis was seized. One person was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

A warrant executed at an address in Waterford Road, Liverpool, led to the recovery of a quantity of cannabis and cash. Four people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and production of cannabis.

A warrant was executed at an address in St Catherine's Garden, Birkenhead, resulting in the recovery of class A and B drugs. Two people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs.

On Wednesday, 13 November, warrants were executed at addresses in Firs Craig, Stockbridge Village and Milton Street, Southport, resulting in the recovery of cannabis.

On Thursday, 14 November, a warrant was executed at an address in Peterlee Close, St Helens and a quantity of class A drugs were recovered. One person was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

A second warrant executed on Thursday at an address in Bramhall Mews, St Helens resulted in the recovery of cannabis.

Inspector Jon Coote said: "Warrants across Merseyside this week have seen eight people arrested for drug related offences as we continue our relentless pursuit of those involved in serious and organised crime.

"We are committed to targeting those who bring misery to our communities through criminal activity and we will continue to take action to put them before the courts and bring them to justice. We cannot do this alone and I would encourage the public to keep coming forward with information about crime in your area.

"If you have information on the supply or storage of drugs or weapons, or those involved in criminal activity, please let us know so we can act upon it. I hope the warrants executed and arrests made this week reassure the public that we will do everything in our power to ensure Merseyside remains a safe place to live, work and visit."

Anyone with information should call 101, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously.
