```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from Merseyside Police and North Wales police arrested three men after a vehicle was stopped in North Wales on Saturday (19 December) as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply into the Bangor area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested in North Wales in connection with County Lines operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-arrested-in-north-wales-as-part-of-county-lines-operation/
title: Three arrested in North Wales in connection with County Lines operation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-arrested-in-north-wales-as-part-of-county-lines-operation/
```

11:51 21/12/2020

Officers from Merseyside Police and North Wales police arrested three men after a vehicle was stopped in North Wales on Saturday (19 December) as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply into the Bangor area.

The activity was part of the ongoing Project Medusa, an operation led by Merseyside Police set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

A 24-year-old man and a 27-year-old man, both from the Dingle area, and a 20-year-old man from the Aigburth area were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A Drugs. They have since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Following a subsequent search of addresses in Liverpool, officers recovered a quantity of cash and a number of expensive items including an electric bike, a Tag Heuer watch, and designer clothing.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "Yesterdays activity comes on the back of the work we're carrying out day in, day out to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Despite the global pandemic, it is business as usual for these criminals, who will carry out this type of activity, despite the restrictions that are in place, risking the health of everyone they come into contact with, when we should be doing all we can to halt the spread of the virus.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered the appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

Anyone with information which could assist our investigation into County Lines criminality can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
