```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that Jonathan Simpson has today been sentenced to life with a minimum of 19 years in prison for the murder of 22-month-old Jacob Marshall in Speke in 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jonathan Simpson sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Jacob Marshall in Speke
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/jonathan-simpson-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-jacob-marshall-in-speke/
title: Jonathan Simpson sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Jacob Marshall in Speke | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/jonathan-simpson-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-jacob-marshall-in-speke/
```

11:58 11/03/2021

We can confirm that Jonathan Simpson has today been sentenced to life with a minimum of 19 years in prison for the murder of 22-month-old Jacob Marshall in Speke in 2019.

25-year-old Simpson, of no fixed abode, but originally from Winsford in Cheshire, was convicted of murder yesterday (Wednesday 10 March) following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

Emergency services were called to an address in Belsford Way, Speke on the afternoon of Friday 12 July 2019. Jacob was taken to hospital where he sadly passed away.

Simpson had been looking after Jacob that afternoon. He was arrested two days later in the Cheshire area and brought back to Merseyside for questioning, and was later charged with murder.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Chief Inspector Sabi Kaur said: "This has been an absolutely heart-breaking case, in which we have seen the utter devastation that Simpson caused, and continues to cause, to Jacob's family and to everyone who knew him.

"It is difficult to comprehend how Simpson could end the life of a 22-month-old child and then, having done so, run away and deny any responsibility, both to Jacob's mother and then to police. His cowardly actions at the time of Jacob's death and since have only served to add further suffering to everyone affected.

"We can only hope that Simpson being brought to justice today gives Jacob's family and their friends some sense of justice to help their healing going forward. No sentence could ever replace the pain of losing Jacob, but we'd like to thank his family for their bravery and strength throughout this unimaginable ordeal.

"I'd also like to highlight the hard work and determination of our investigation team, medical experts and all those involved in bringing this difficult and distressing investigation to a satisfactory conclusion."
