```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man from Netherton has been jailed for five years following two domestic assaults in August 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Netherton man jailed following domestic assaults
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/netherton-man-jailed-following-domestic-assaults/
title: Netherton man jailed following domestic assaults | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/netherton-man-jailed-following-domestic-assaults/
```

14:29 22/01/2021

A man from Netherton has been jailed for five years following two domestic assaults in August 2020.

Jonathan Doran, 35, of Canterbury Way, pleaded guilty to Grievous Bodily Harm after he assaulted a 33-year-old woman and a 30-year-old man at a house on Viking Close in Southport.

His attack left each of his victims with multiple injuries and needing hospital treatment.

Following the incident, the male victim was found with injuries to his head and face at nearby Bury Road, where a concerned member of the public alerted the emergency services.

Following an extensive investigation and the gathering of forensic evidence, Doran was arrested and charged, and appeared at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 21 January) where he was sentenced to five years in prison.

Detective Chief Inspector Simon Hurst said: "Doran subjected his victims to a horrendous attack, which no doubt left them scarred both physically and emotionally.

"I'd like to say that there is never an excuse for domestic abuse or violence. No man or woman should be subjected to a physical assault by a partner or ex-partner under any circumstances.

"Doran's sentence reflects the severity of his offences and how seriously they are taken by the police and the courts. I would encourage anyone who is experiencing domestic abuse to have the courage to report it to us, and we will support you in every way we can."

If you have any non-urgent information on domestic abuse - if you are a victim or believe someone you know is a victim - you can contact direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or contact @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency.
