```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Merseyside Police has today (4th June) been granted a closure order against a property in Birkenhead.\n\nThe order was obtained by Wirral Council\u2019s anti-social behaviour team at Liverpool Magistrates Court."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CLOSURE ORDER ISSUED ON HOUSE IN NEWLING STREET
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/closure-order/
title: CLOSURE ORDER ISSUED ON HOUSE IN NEWLING STREET | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/closure-order/
```

16:48 04/06/2020

Merseyside Police has today (4th June) been granted a closure order against a property in Birkenhead.

The order was obtained by Wirral Council's anti-social behaviour team at Liverpool Magistrates Court.

This address has been linked to organised crime including drugs offences, a stabbing and an affray. A large quantity of Class A drugs have also been seized at the property on a number of occasions.

The terms of the closure order prevent any individuals from entering or living in the property. If any other individuals are found to be in the property they are liable to be arrested.

Any breach of this closure order carries a potential prison sentence of 6 months and/or a fine of up to £5000.00.

If you witness any individuals attempting to gain entry to the property or if you see any individuals in the property who you believe should not be there then then please contact the Police.

Community Inspector Tom Welch said: "The order was obtained following ongoing partnership work between the Community team at Bebington Police station, Wirral Council's ASB team and the wider community who have been pivotal in sharing information with us and securing this closure order.

"We use this power to try to reduce the level of crime reported in the area and to allow other local residents to live free from crime.

"I hope this reassures the rest of the community that we will not stand by and let criminals exploit vulnerable people or spoil the area for everyone else.

"We will continue to target offenders and any properties associated with them who cause problems for communities across Merseyside."

Following the closure order, a 39 year old woman was arrested for a Section 5 public order offence. She was taken to custody for questioning where she was found in possession of a blade and further arrested.

Anyone with information on criminality in their community is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
