```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Bikes seized and man arrested following calls from the public about anti social use of scrambler bikes in St Helens
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bikes seized and man arrested following calls from the public about anti social use of scrambler bikes in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/bikes-seized-and-man-arrested-following-calls-from-the-public-about-anti-social-use-of-scrambler-bikes-in-st-helens/
title: Bikes seized and man arrested following calls from the public about anti social use of scrambler bikes in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/bikes-seized-and-man-arrested-following-calls-from-the-public-about-anti-social-use-of-scrambler-bikes-in-st-helens/
```

21:59 05/04/2020

Officers in St Helens have seized a scrambler bikes and a quad bike and arrested a man following reports of anti-social behaviour and dangerous driving in St Helens this afternoon (Sunday, 5 April)

At around 1.30pm, numerous calls were received from concerned members of the public about a group of six to eight scrambler riders and a male on a quad bike riding recklessly around the St Helens area.

Officers from Roads Policing Unit attended the area and were able to track the bikers with the support of the National Police Air Service helicopter.

As a result one man, aged 26 years from Sutton Manor, was arrested for aggravated unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle, driving offences and breaching Covid 19 legislation. The quad bike he was riding was also seized.

Another male riding a bike in a field was stopped by officers and his bike seized.

Chief Inspector Crellin, said: ""These people were riding there scrambler bikes around St Helens without any thought about the danger they were putting others in. Some of the calls we received were from concerned members of the public who had seen them riding dangerously close to other members of the public.

"Most people are currently abiding by Government legislation to stay at home and only leave for essential reasons, or to exercise. But these fools have taken no heed of the Government advice and have no regard for the danger they are putting others in. Due to the lockdown we are able to move our resources more quickly around the force and as a result we were able to take proactive action and one man was arrested, two scrambler bikes and a quad bike were seized.

"Our officers received really positive feedback from members of the public who live in the Sutton Mill Dam area, where the riders had been causing havoc. Our promise to our communities is that we will continue to take proactive action against those involved in the criminal use of scrambler bikes on our roads and public spaces, and we will do everything possible to locate and seize suspected stolen or nuisance bikes and arrest those who are putting the safety of others at risk.

"Such behaviour cannot and will not be tolerated on the streets of Merseyside and our response reflects how seriously we take this issue.

"I would urge anyone with information which could help us take these bikes out of circulation and make our streets safer to keep coming forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also contact
the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111, or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
