```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Merseyside Police joins forces with LJMU to launch new recruitment programme


    Notes to Editor'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police joins forces with LJMU to launch new recruitment programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/merseyside-police-joins-forces-with-ljmu-to-launch-new-recruitment-programme/
title: Merseyside Police joins forces with LJMU to launch new recruitment programme | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/merseyside-police-joins-forces-with-ljmu-to-launch-new-recruitment-programme/
```

15:13 18/11/2019

Merseyside Police and Liverpool John Moores University (LJMU) have joined forces to train police officers in Merseyside.

Those wanting to join the force will now apply via the new national 'Policing Education Qualifications Framework' (PEQF). The PEQF, which has been developed by the College of Policing, is designed to support the development of policing as a profession, recognising and raising educational standards. PEQF will ensure that all police officers receive the best possible education and professional support to build the skills and capabilities they need throughout their careers.

The new PEQF application process will be delivered by police forces across the country in partnership with higher education institutions who have recognised expertise in policing studies, such as LJMU.

Although this change may seem daunting at first, PEQF simply means that if an applicant doesn't have a degree then they can follow an apprenticeship style scheme where they study alongside training to become an officer. This process usually takes three years and each applicant will achieve a degree at the end of the programme along with a permanent job.

Alternatively, if the applicant is already a degree holder, they can apply to follow a work-based programme and following completion, usually after two years, they will receive a graduate diploma in professional policing practice, again alongside a permanent job.

PEQF is part of 'Policing Vision 2025': an ambitious plan to ensure that policing needs are delivered by a professional workforce equipped with the skills and capabilities necessary for policing in the 21st century. This includes dealing with increasing levels of cybercrime, human trafficking and child sexual exploitation as well as more traditional forms of crime.

A key part of this plan is to draw upon the academic and research expertise and teaching excellence that can be found in our leading universities. The delivery of PEQF on Merseyside would form part of LJMU's wide-ranging and long-standing partnership with Merseyside Police, which includes providing CPD for serving officers, coaching and mentoring.

Chief Constable, Andy Cooke said "I am pleased that recruitment lines to join Merseyside Police have once again reopened and we are encouraging driven individuals who are passionate about serving their community to join the force. This is our second recruitment drive in the past few months opening up a completely new opportunity for those looking to join our force .

"Not only will this recruitment window see the force taking on further Police Constables, we are also committed to providing an effective service representative of the diverse communities living, working and visiting Merseyside. We are therefore making a conscious effort to encourage those from diverse and underrepresented groups to consider a job in policing.

"Our ambition is to grow an inclusive and representative police service that understands and engages with the public effectively whilst increasing the trust and confidence of our communities.

"We welcome diversity in all of our areas, departments and local teams and will do everything we can to support those wanting to join the force.

Professor Ian Cambpell, LJMU Vice-Chancellor commented on the partnership "Working with the people of our great city to improve lives and support communities is at the heart of why we exist. Our passion and commitment to Liverpool and the surrounding area is in our DNA and has been for nearly 200 years.

"We are proud of our long-standing relationship with Merseyside Police and delighted to be working with them as their preferred provider on the PEQF. We are committed to work hand-in-hand, drawing on the expertise of our Liverpool Centre for Advanced Policing Studies, to help deliver safer communities for the people of Merseyside and to help provide opportunities for future police officers from all backgrounds and communities."

Chief Constable Cooke continued "Partnering with LMJU in the launch of PEQF will bring many benefits to the force, fundamentally developing the profession of the police service and future applicants.

"The PEQF application process should not be feared and those wanting to join Merseyside should be reassured that regardless of your entry, each applicant will be entitled to the same benefits and will receive the same starting salary of £24,177. These application processes aim to offer a comprehensive professional education to all new recruits joining the police service nationally and encourages applicants to gain both practical and academic skills required for the growing complexities of modern policing.

"As mentioned above, we are dedicated to providing an inclusive police service that really reflects those we serve and protect. The advantages of having those from various backgrounds, beliefs and cultures means that we can improve public confidence, community cohesion and gain a range of perspectives from those with various expertise."
