```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for any information and have introduced enhanced stop and search powers after two firearms discharges in Kirkby this evening (Monday 6 January 2019).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enhanced stop search powers in Kirkby after firearms incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/enhanced-stop-search-powers-in-kirkby-after-firearms-incidents/
title: Enhanced stop search powers in Kirkby after firearms incidents | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/enhanced-stop-search-powers-in-kirkby-after-firearms-incidents/
```

20:14 06/01/2020

We are appealing for any information and have introduced enhanced stop and search powers after two firearms discharges in Kirkby this evening (Monday 6 January 2020).

Police were called to Windermere Drive just before 6.25pm to a report damage had been caused to the front door of a house.

Police attended and confirmed the damage is consistent with a shotgun discharge.

It is believed two mopeds or bikes had been seen in the area - possibly carrying the offenders - before they made off from the scene in the direction of Kirkby town centre.

There were no reports anyone was injured during the incident.

At 6.50pm it was reported the windows of a house on Stocks Road, and a car parked close by on Mossborough Drive, had also sustained damaged consistent with a firearms discharge. The property was unoccupied at the time and there were no reported injuries. Bullet casings have been recovered for examination.

Patrols are in attendance at both scenes, and cordons have been set up to allow for forensic examination to take place.

House-to-house enquiries are underway and officers will be looking at CCTV from the area in a bid to identify the offenders.

As a direct result of the incidents, a Section 60 order has been authorised in Kirkby to run from 7.15pm today until 10.15am tomorrow. It gives officers enhanced stop and search powers in the area to help prevent serious violence.

Chief Inspector Paul Sutcliffe said: "We are in the very early stages of the investigation into these two discharges and are keeping an open mind about any links between them.

"We have deployed additional high visibility patrols, and our officers will remain in the Kirkby area while we try to establish the full circumstances.

"Both incidents happened on residential streets and we cannot let people think this is acceptable. The people of Kirkby will not tolerate it, and neither will we.

"When you have cars and homes being shot at, it really is only through good fortune that nobody appears to have been hurt during these incidents.

"We want to identify the offenders so we can take them off the streets and put them before the courts. We have launched investigations and will do all we can to bring them to justice, but help from members of the public could prove to be a vital part of that.

"The community has already stepped forward and provided information on this evening's incidents, and we would urge anyone else out there who has seen or heard anything suspious to come forward.

"Any information, no matter how small, may assist us in identifying those responsible."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any dashcam or CCTV footage from the area is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 766 or 796 of 6 January, or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
