```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Southport are offering advice to local residents following reports of young males attending homes and attempting to sell items.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice for Southport residents following reports of suspicious circumstances involving door sellers
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/advice-for-southport-residents-following-reports-of-suspicious-circumstances-involving-door-sellers/
title: Advice for Southport residents following reports of suspicious circumstances involving door sellers | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/advice-for-southport-residents-following-reports-of-suspicious-circumstances-involving-door-sellers/
```

10:14 23/01/2020

Officers in Southport are offering advice to local residents following reports of young males attending houses in Southport and attempting to sell items.

At around 3.35pm on Tuesday 21 November, we received a call reporting a man in his 20s knocking on doors in Threlfalls Lane to try and sell items. The resident believed that this was suspicious and other locations are believed to have been visited in the local area.

The man was described as white, around 6ft tall, of slim build, with short black hair, wearing black trousers and carrying a large blue rucksack.

Community Policing Sergeant Andy Dentith said: "We're aware of these reports and can confirm that no criminal offences have been reported.

"At this stage, we are treating these incidents as suspicious circumstances, and will continue to respond to information as we receive it.

"Come forward if you have any concerns, and we will take the necessary action. We know people discuss these things on social media but I'd also encourage them to tell us what they know directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers.

"People selling door-to-door require a pedlar's certificate to sell items there and then. They can however take orders and return at a later time to deliver the goods.

"Nonetheless, I'd encourage people to be alert of all callers to your home and follow some of the following steps, additionally putting a notice up on your window if you don't want unsolicited callers."

• Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
• Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
• Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out"
• Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
• It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property
• Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
• If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help

Anyone with information can contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
