```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have introduced a Dispersal Zone in Wirral this evening, Saturday 20 March, following reports of anti-social behaviour in the New Ferry Park area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 34 dispersal zone introduced in Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/section-34-dispersal-zone-introduced-in-wirral/
title: Section 34 dispersal zone introduced in Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/section-34-dispersal-zone-introduced-in-wirral/
```

22:03 20/03/2021

We have introduced a Dispersal Zone in Wirral this evening, Saturday 20 March, following reports of anti-social behaviour in the New Ferry Park area.

The order runs from 7pm today (Saturday 20 March) until 3am on Monday 22 March and officers will be in the area to provide a visible presence and deal with any incidents.

The Dispersal Zone covers the area bounded in the map and includes Old Chester Road, Rock Lane West, New Chester Road, Bedford Road, Rock Ferry By-Pass, Bolton Road, Ellens Lane, Bromborough Road, Heath Road, the Village, Teehey Lane, Kings Road and Kings Lane.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area and not return for up to 48 hours.

Under the legislation, officers have the power to seize any item, including vehicles, used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

Chief Inspector Jay Crellin said: "We understand that a gathering in New Ferry Park this evening started out as a peaceful vigil to remember a young man who was tragically killed in a road traffic collision yesterday.

"Unfortunately we received reports from local residents that a minority of youths attending engaged in anti-social behaviour including graffiti, criminal damage and lighting fires.

"We understand the impact that such acts have on the local community and so we have introduced this dispersal zone to give us the powers we need to deal with this behaviour."

You can pass any information on anti-social behaviour via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook with reference number 21000178773. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
