```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that a 17 year-old male was detained by officers following reports of scrambler bikes being ridden in an antisocial manner.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 17-year-old male detained and bike seized in Speke
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/17-year-old-male-detained-and-bike-seized-in-speke/
title: 17-year-old male detained and bike seized in Speke | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/17-year-old-male-detained-and-bike-seized-in-speke/
```

11:10 03/03/2021

We can confirm that a 17 year-old male was detained by officers following reports of scrambler bikes being ridden in an antisocial manner.

Officers were contacted at 3pm yesterday, Tuesday 2nd March, following reports that the bikes had been seen in the area of Edenhurst Avenue in Roby.

The bikes then left the area.

Officers from the Roads Policing Unit attended and were able to track the bikers with the support of the National Police Air Service helicopter.

The male was detained by officers close to Churchway Road in Speke and arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, driving with no insurance, possession of cannabis, driving otherwise in accordance with a driving licence, and drug driving. He has since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

The bike was also seized.

An investigation is underway and CCTV enquiries are being carried out.

Chief Inspector Jay Crellin said: "We were contacted by a member of the public following reports that the bikes were being ridden in an antisocial manner. Officers were immediately deployed to the area and we worked alongside the National Police Air Service helicopter to trace them.

"Through our dedicated Operation Brookdale, we will continue to work to eradicate the illegal use of these bikes, and I would like to emphasise how important the help of the public is in doing this. If you know of where these bikes are being ridden or stored, let us know so we can take action.

"We regularly seize such vehicles off the back of your information, and if we can do so before they are out causing harm in the communities, then all the better. All information can and is acted upon to take illegally used vehicles from the streets."

Anyone with information on the anti-social and nuisance use of off-road bikes or knows where off-road bikes are being stored illegally is encouraged to keep reporting incidents to @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 and we will keep taking action #OpBrookdale
