```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man and seized 40 cannabis plants from a property in Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man, 25, arrested after cannabis farm found in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-25-arrested-after-cannabis-farm-found-in-liverpool/
title: Man, 25, arrested after cannabis farm found in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/man-25-arrested-after-cannabis-farm-found-in-liverpool/
```

12:46 04/06/2020

We have arrested a man and seized 40 cannabis plants from a property in Liverpool.

Officers from central Targeted team attended a property in the Sefton Park area at around 7.30pm last night, Wednesday 3rd June, on an unrelated matter.

Whilst they were there they identified a strong smell of cannabis coming from one of the flats inside the property. Upon searching the flat they discovered a large number of bags of cannabis. Whilst in the property, officers identified that one of the other flats had signs that there was a cannabis cultivation in there. As such an emergency warrant was obtained, entry forced and a cannabis farm with 40 plants was located.

A 25 year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and is currently in custody.

Matt Brown from the Cannabis Dismantling Team said: "Cannabis farms pose a very serious risk of fire and flooding, and any drug dealing has the ability to attract serious violence as dealers use force to try to keep their illicit business going.

"I would ask people to keep reporting any suspicious smells, sights or visitors where you are, and we'll continue to take this positive action. We're actually finding even more cannabis farms since lockdown began.

"Criminals are becoming more conspicuous on our streets, and those at home are more aware of the signs to spot, so thanks for all the information you provide, and keep it coming."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
