```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Wirral will be introducing 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zones in New Brighton and West Kirby this weekend, following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour. The orders come into place tomorrow at 8pm (Friday, 10 July) and will run until 8pm Sunday, 12 July.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zones in New Brighton and West Kirby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zones-in-new-brighton-and-west-kirby/
title: Dispersal zones in New Brighton and West Kirby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/dispersal-zones-in-new-brighton-and-west-kirby/
```

15:47 09/07/2020

Officers in Wirral will be introducing 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zones in New Brighton and West Kirby this weekend, following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour. The orders come into place tomorrow at 8pm (Friday, 10 July) and will run until 8pm Sunday, 12 July.

These orders come under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public, to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. Both orders are in response to recent reports of anti-social and violent behaviour in the areas. Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

In West Kirby, the area covered by the order is shown on the map (below), and covers areas including Promenade area, Cubbins Green, Marine Lake and the beach.

The boundary includes Lingdale Road, Meols Drive, Westbourne Road, Hilbre Road, Caldy Road, Sandy Lane, Croft Drive, and the beach as far out as the water's edge.

In New Brighton, the area covered by the order is shown on the map (at the top of the page), and covers areas including Promenade area, Harrison Park, The Dips, Tower Grounds and Vale Park.

The boundary includes A554 to Grove Road, Grove Road Roundabout along Warren Drive onto Victoria Road, along Victoria Road on to Rowson Street up to Seabank Road, Seabank Road down Magazine Lane, Magazine Lane down to the promenade, back along the promenade along Marine Promenade including Tower Grounds, Kings Promenade, Marine Point, Kings Parade, The Dips, Coastal Drive, Harrison Park back to the A554 Roundabout.

Community Policing Inspector Paul Harrison said: "We recognise the impact this global pandemic is having on all of our residents and we are continuing to see people, especially young people congregating in large groups in our public spaces. We have been called to reports of large gatherings, with people drinking and littering in both of these areas and of great concern is the increase in reports of violent crimes. The vast majority of people are law-abiding members of the community, and I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"We're keenly aware of the significant impact that this type of crime and anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people we suspect of being involved in these areas. A dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to make contact.

"We would like to thank the vast majority of our communities for continuing adhering to social distancing measures and protecting the wider community from the virus, as well as those who are continuing to keep an eye out for criminal behaviour and reporting it to us. It will make a massive difference, as the last thing anyone wants is for these hard-earned freedoms to be reduced, like in other areas. It has never been more important than now to ensure that we all follow government advice, in place specifically for the safety of those living in Merseyside."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
