```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers targeting individuals involved in serious and organised crime made a number of arrests across Merseyside last night, Monday, 4 November.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Disruption activity carried out across Merseyside in response to recent firearms incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/disruption-activity-carried-out-across-merseyside-in-response-to-recent-firearms-incidents/
title: Disruption activity carried out across Merseyside in response to recent firearms incidents | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/disruption-activity-carried-out-across-merseyside-in-response-to-recent-firearms-incidents/
```

15:18 05/11/2019

Officers targeting individuals involved in serious and organised crime made a number of arrests across Merseyside last night, Monday, 4 November.

Patrols were stepped up with over 100 extra officers carrying out warrants, stop searches and roadside operations in response to recent firearms discharges. The activity resulted in a total of 137 stop checks, eight arrests, three warrants, nine pub walkthroughs and four vehicles recovered.

A warrant carried out at an address in Frodsham Street, Walton resulted in a man being arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug following the seizure of Class A and B drugs at the address.

Following the discovery of a cannabis farm at an address on Newdown Walk, Croxteth, two men, aged 33 and 61 and a 57-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of cannabis cultivation, possession with intent to supply class B drugs, possession of criminal property and abstracting electricity. A search of the property resulted in the recovery of 13 cannabis plants and the relevant growing equipment.

Officers visited licensed premises resulting in one man being arrested at the Lion pub on Bridge Road, Sefton, for possession of a controlled drug.

A warrant was executed at a property on Petherick Road, Croxteth, resulting in the seizure of three kilos of suspected amphetamine and more than £2,500 in cash. Officers also seized scales, mobile phones and a diary which listed contacts around the country. A 41-year-old woman and a 43-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of money laundering and possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Following the search of a van suspected to be linked to the male offender, a large amount of suspected drugs and cash were also recovered. In total, the cash came to just under £48,000.

A 39-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving, possession of a bladed article and possession of cannabis after cannabis and a knife were recovered following the stop search of a vehicle on the East Lancashire Road. He has since been released under investigation.

Officers also carried out roadside checks. A large number of industrial fireworks were been seized after they were found in the back of a van by officers on East Prescot Road. The driver of the van was reported to Trading Standards for selling fireworks from his van.

Chief Inspector Chris Hitchell said: "Last night's activity saw a number of arrests, seizures and searches as we continue to respond to recent firearms incidents across Merseyside. We are relentless in our pursuit of individuals who think drug supply, gun crime and other criminal activity is acceptable and our message is simple - if you are involved in serious and organised crime, we will pursue you and put you before the courts.

"The vast majority of our communities are hard-working, law-abiding people and we will not let the reckless actions of a few make life a misery for them. Merseyside Police will continue to work with our partners and the public, and we would encourage anyone with information about those involved in criminal activity to keep coming forward, so we can keep taking action.

"I want to reassure our communities that over the upcoming days and weeks, you will continue to see disruption activity and high-visibility patrols across Merseyside, however we cannot do this alone and the assistance of the public is vital."

If you have any information on criminal activity on your area, those involved in serious and organised crime or where drugs or weapons are being stored, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
