```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a confrontational burglary in Everton yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 27 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following confrontational burglary in Everton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-confrontational-burglary-in-everton/
title: Detectives appeal for information following confrontational burglary in Everton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-confrontational-burglary-in-everton/
```

11:33 28/01/2021

Detectives are appealing for information following a confrontational burglary in Everton yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 27 January.

At around 2pm, the elderly occupants of a home on St Martins Mews answered their door to a lone man who stated he was from the police and coming to assist with their CCTV.

He entered the address and is believed to have stolen jewellery from within, and was seen to make off towards Great Homer Street.

Extensive CCTV, forensic and witness enquiries are ongoing and the victims are being supported by officers.

The suspect is described as white, aged 30, with dark hair and wearing a brown and grey zip up top and a beige coat.

Detective Inspector Gary Thomas said: "For a vulnerable couple to be targeted in this way is despicable, and we're doing all we can to find the person responsible and bring him to justice. This will have been an extremely distressing experience to go through and we're supporting them as we investigate.

"If you saw this man making off from St Martins Mews or have heard any information at all, please let us know and we'll do the rest.

"Offenders like this deliberately target the most vulnerable in our community and there are a number of steps people can take to try to prevent this from happening. I would also ask people to take a few minutes to ensure to check on any elderly neighbours, family and friends and ensure are given the right advice and guidance."

• Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
• Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
• Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out"
• Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
• It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property
• Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
• If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help"

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, or call 101 quoting ref. 21000057252 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
