```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating incidents during a mass gathering in Liverpool City Centre last weekend are issuing images of four men who may have information to assist our enquiries.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV appeal following incidents in Liverpool City Centre last weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/cctv-appeal-following-incidents-in-liverpool-city-centre-last-weekend/
title: CCTV appeal following incidents in Liverpool City Centre last weekend | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/cctv-appeal-following-incidents-in-liverpool-city-centre-last-weekend/
```

15:41 02/07/2020

Detectives investigating incidents during a mass gathering in Liverpool City Centre last weekend are issuing images of men who may have information to assist our enquiries.

On Friday 26 June, several thousand people attended the Pier Head, and a number of criminal offences were reported, including drug offences. An extensive investigation is ongoing and we'd urge those pictured, or anyone who recognises them, to come forward at the earliest opportunity.

You can provide information directly to our dedicated email address Operation.Precinct@merseyside.police.uk, and send any images and video via: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000379360

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "There have been numerous arrests made since last weekend, but I want to assure people that our detailed investigations continue into some of the irresponsible and criminal behaviour that we saw in Liverpool City Centre. We know the communities of Merseyside have come together to condemn these scenes and we would ask for more assistance in finding those responsible.

"Such gatherings put unnecessary strain on all of the emergency services at this time, and put the safety of those attending at risk. They also bring about the potential for lockdown measures to be reversed in certain areas, which would affect all of us who have shown patience and understanding during this pandemic.

"We will continue to review all relevant CCTV and Body Worn Camera footage and issue images through the media and social media. You can expect to see more images issued in the coming weeks, as we thoroughly pursue those involved. I would urge anyone who has any information about those involved to contact us, so we can identify those responsible and put them before the courts.

"The time for celebrations will come when it is safe to do so, and in the meantime we'd urge people to remember the values of this city - pride, togetherness and integrity."
