```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a confrontational burglary of an elderly couple in Prescot last weekend.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information after confrontational burglary at home of elderly couple in Prescot
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-confrontational-burglary-at-home-of-elderly-couple-in-prescot/
title: Detectives appeal for information after confrontational burglary at home of elderly couple in Prescot | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-confrontational-burglary-at-home-of-elderly-couple-in-prescot/
```

15:42 07/12/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following a confrontational burglary of an elderly couple in Prescot last weekend.

At 7.15pm on Sunday 29 November, it was reported that the occupants of a home in Cross Lane heard noises upstairs. The male occupant, a man in his 80s, saw a man coming down his stairs and leaving via the kitchen door. The victim attempted to follow the man, who stole their car from the driveway, a silver Toyota Auris.

Cash and jewellery were also stolen from the home and vehicle, including golf clubs and golf shoes (makes and descriptions not known), a gold sovereign ring, a gold signet ring, gold cufflinks and a gold tie pin.

The suspect is described as white, 5ft 10in tall, of slim build, wearing a face covering and dark clothing.

Forensic, CCTV, vehicle and witness enquiries have been ongoing.

Detective Inspector Jackie Guinness said: "For a vulnerable elderly couple to be confronted by an invader in the sanctuary of their home will have been a horrendous experience and we're supporting them as our enquiries continue.

"If you live in the Cross Lane area and have seen or heard anyone acting suspiciously, or captured this man or the stolen vehicle on their own home CCTV or dashcam, please check and let us know. Likewise, if you have been offered or seen for sale any of this jewellery please come forward as they have sentimental value.

"We're determined to find the person responsible and put them before the courts. Burglary causes a significant impact to those affected and we have seen incidents decrease year on year, thanks in a large part to information from those people and communities affected. Keep coming forward and we will take action to bring offenders to justice."

Always call 999 if a burglary is in progress. You can also pass information about this incident with reference 20000726246 via our social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 or the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
