```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: With one month to go until Christmas, we are cracking down on those involved in illegal activity to ensure that our communities can safely enjoy this festive season this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Arrest made in Birkenhead overnight following warrant'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-arrest-made-in-birkenhead-overnight-following-warrant/
title: 'OP TARGET: Arrest made in Birkenhead overnight following warrant | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/op-target-arrest-made-in-birkenhead-overnight-following-warrant/
```

12:30 27/11/2020

With one month to go until Christmas, we are cracking down on those involved in illegal activity to ensure that our communities can safely enjoy this festive season this year.

"It has been a worrying time for everyone this year with various lockdowns and other restrictions in place. But, we are determined as ever to keep you safe and that's why we want to locate criminals and bring them to justice to alleviate the added fear or crime being committed in our communities.

"As part of this, we carry out days of action that include warrants, open land searches, targeted activity as well as utilising high vis and plain clothed patrols to ensure criminals, dangerous weapons and substances have nowhere to hide." Chief Inspector Roger Pegram said.

On Wednesday (25th November) officers from our #OpTarget team on the Wirral conducted a warrant at an address on Dewberry Close, Birkenhead. Inside the property, they located a machete and knife hidden at the side of the occupants bed, two large bags of cannabis stashed in the freezer and suspected Class A drugs inside a Red Bull can.

The occupant, a 32 year old man, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs. He was taken to custody for questioning.

Chief Insp Pegram continued "When you think of things you store in your bedside table, weapons aren't usually at the top of the list! I am pleased that these dangerous items have been taken off the streets and I am hopeful that the wider community recognise the efforts we make to regain some normality this year, whilst finding those involved in crime and investigating the links to more serious violence.

"If you are aware of someone involved in crime, know where something dangerous is being hidden or have information that could help with one of our ongoing investigations, then please do get in touch. You can contact us on social media @MerPolCC, by calling 101 or by reaching out to @CrimestoppersUK anonymously."

The man has been released under investigation until 23rd January next year.
