```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have continued to utilise stop searches, proactive deployments and open land searches to target those involved in serious violence.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Drugs, cash and weapons seized during proactive patrols'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-drugs-cash-and-weapons-seized-during-proactive-patrols/
title: 'OP TARGET: Drugs, cash and weapons seized during proactive patrols | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-drugs-cash-and-weapons-seized-during-proactive-patrols/
```

16:02 11/02/2021

Officers have continued to utilise stop searches, proactive deployments and open land searches to target those involved in serious violence.

At around midday yesterday (10th Feb), officers arrested two men aged 26 and 28 on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs after becoming suspicious of activity at an address on Woodstock Street, Liverpool.

Officers knocked on the door of the property which was answered by the 28 year old. The man smelt strongly of cannabis so he was cautioned, arrested and a search was commenced. During which, suspected heroin was seized as well as weighing scales and a number of items of designer clothing, electrical items and an electric bike, totalling in the region of £30,000.

Both men were taken to custody and have since been released under investigation.

**
**

Later that evening, officers arrested a 30 year old man after his car was stop checked on Eaton Road, Liverpool.

Officers stopped the Peugeot at around 9:40pm after the car was seen driving dangerously. Here, the man was searched and found with a number of wraps of white powder suspected as cocaine.

His car was also searched where officers found a significant amount of cash and so he was arrested at the scene for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

Officers conducted a further search of home in Tuebrook where a further 29 wraps of drugs were seized along with more cash and a Garmin watch.

He was taken to custody as a result and released under investigation.

**
**

The third arrest came in the early hours of this morning (11th Feb) when officers in plain clothes spotted a suspected drugs transaction taking place on Conway Street, Birkenhead.

They attended the flat where three people were detained. Here, a 49 year old woman was found in possession of cocaine on her person and following a search of the property, officers also recovered a knife and 80 more wraps of white and brown substances in a black bag.

The woman will attend a police station for a voluntary interview in connection with possession of a controlled drug whilst all three occupants were issued with covid fines.

**
**

Inspector Leigh Price said: "If you are aware of anyone involved in criminality or suspect someone, please get in touch. There is nothing worse than our communities living in fear of drug dealers, gang members and others involved in serious violence and we aim to do everything in our power to protect the wider community but we can only do this with your support - so give us a call, report via social media @MerPolCC or anonymously via @CrimestoppersUK."
