```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested two men and are appealing for information after an incident in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested after incident in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/two-arrested-after-incident-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Two arrested after incident in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/two-arrested-after-incident-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

00:09 25/07/2020

We have arrested two men and are appealing for information after an incident in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July).

We were called just before 9.20pm to a report a group of men had an altercation at The Shankly Hotel before fighting on Victoria Street, and that three men had sustained injuries after being punched.

Emergency services attended and a scene has been established, with Victoria Street cordoned off from Crosshall Street to the Queensway Tunnel roundabout.

Two of the injured men were treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to hospital for further treatment.

The two 22-year-old men have are being treated for serious head injuries which at this stage are not believed to be life-threatening.

A 19-year-old man from Roby and a 32-year-old man from St Helens have been arrested on suspicion of affray and taken into custody to be interviewed.

Detective Inspector Paul Gillies said: "We have spoken to witnesses at the scene and are continuing to speak to people and carry out forensic enquiries in the area, as well as exploring CCTV opportunities.

"We are also aware of footage showing part of the incident circulating online. We would ask that anyone in possession of camera phone, dashcam or CCTV footage showing this incident does the right thing and lets us know so that we can arrange for it to be sent to us.

"We know there were lots of people in the area at the time who may have seen part of the incident inside or outside The Shankly Hotel.

"If you saw anything which could be significant, I would urge you to come to us with information.

"Two young men are in a serious but stable condition in hospital tonight and we are determined to arrest all those responsible.

"Information from the public has very often proved critical in bringing the perpetrators of violence on our streets to justice, and by passing on information, you could play your part in helping make Liverpool safer."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information can DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 quoting incident reference 20000438337 or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
