```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of Stephen Maguire and six others arrested for various offences following morning raids
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update:Three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of Stephen Maguire and six others arrested for various offences following morning raids
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/three-men-arrested-on-supsicion-of-the-murder-of-stephen-maguire-and-six-others-arrested-for-various-offences-following-morning-raids/
title: Update:Three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of Stephen Maguire and six others arrested for various offences following morning raids | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/three-men-arrested-on-supsicion-of-the-murder-of-stephen-maguire-and-six-others-arrested-for-various-offences-following-morning-raids/
```

16:49 06/05/2020

Updated News Post

We can confirm that six other people were arrested as a result of warrants executed in relation to the murder of Stephen Maguire in Birkdale in March of this year.

The further arrests are not linked to the murder.

Six warrants were executed in Liverpool City Centre, Norris Green, Melling, West Derby, Walton, and Allerton areas of Merseyside.

One male arrested, a 21-year-old man from Norris Green, was wanted on suspicion of criminal damage, arson, Section 18 wounding and disqualified driving. And another 21 year-old man from Vauxhall was arrested on warrant.

Two 22-year-old men from Liverpool city centre; a 20-year-old man from Norris Green and a 39-year-old woman from Norris green were all arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs following the recovery of Class A and B drugs.

 **ORIGINAL RELEASE PUBLISHED AT 13:13 ON 6 MAY 2020**

STARTS

Detectives investigating the murder of Stephen Maguire in Birkdale in March have arrested three men, following six warrants carried out in Merseyside this morning, Wednesday 6th May.

Emergency services were called to an address in Guildford Road, Southport shortly after 11.35pm on Monday 16 March to reports that a man had been shot. The victim, 27-year-old Stephen Maguire, was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

This morning, six warrants were carried out in the Liverpool City Centre, Norris Green, Melling, West Derby, Walton, and Allerton areas of Merseyside.

The following arrests were made, all on suspicion of murder, kidnap, burglary and possession of a firearm:

A 27-year-old man from Melling
A 21-year-old man from Liverpool City Centre
A 21-year-old man from Norris Green

The men have been taken to police stations across Merseyside to be questioned.

Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson said: "The activity this morning is a significant step forward in this investigation, and these men will all now be questioned in connection with the offence.

"However, our extensive enquiries continue and we're still very keen to hear from anyone with information about this brutal murder who has yet to come forward. If you know anything, tell us now. We will keep taking positive action to make your streets safer, and to help Stephen's family and friends as they continue to come to terms with their devastating loss.

"In particular, enquiries are still ongoing to trace a dark coloured Mercedes seen making off from the scene of the crime in the direction of New Cut Lane. If you saw, heard or captured any images of this vehicle, be it the smallest detail, let us know and we will make an assessment."

Anyone with information is asked to submit information via the UK Police Major Incident Public Reporting Site, at the following link: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/05MP20M36-PO1 where it will be treated sensitively.

You can also pass on information anonymously via the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 with reference 20000166174.
