```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police yesterday, Monday, 14 October, welcomed the sentencing of a Wirral man for burglary offences.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Michael Lorraine sentenced to four years in prison for burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/michael-lorraine-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison-for-burglary/
title: Michael Lorraine sentenced to four years in prison for burglary | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/michael-lorraine-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison-for-burglary/
```

11:02 15/10/2019

Merseyside Police yesterday, Monday, 14 October, welcomed the sentencing of a Wirral man for burglary offences.

At around 11.20pm on Tuesday, 6 August 2019, a man attempted to gain entry to a house in Telford Close, Oxton. The attempt was unsuccessful and the offender made off when a light was activated.

At 00:45am on Wednesday, 7 August, it was reported that a man had forced entry through the window of a supported living flat in Maritime Park, Birkenhead, before stealing a wallet containing cash and cards.

Following an investigation by officers from Operation Castle, 54-year-old Michael Lorraine of no fixed address was arrested on Thursday 15 August. He was yesterday sentenced to four years in prison for burglary and attempt burglary.

Detective Sergeant John Fitzgerald said: "We welcome the sentencing of Michael Lorraine, a prolific offender who had no regard for the victims of his selfish actions, and we are sure the Wirral communities will be satisfied that he has been removed from the streets for a significant period of time.

"I would like to remind people to lock all their windows and doors before going to bed, move any vehicle keys away from sight of windows and the reach of letter boxes and lock garden tools in sheds so that they cannot be used to force entry into properties.

"Burglary is not a victimless crime and can be devastating for those affected. Through Operation Castle, the forces response to burglary, we will continue to target offenders and put them before the courts."

If you have any information on burglary, please let us know so we can act on it. You can contact @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK. You can also report crime directly to Operation Castle officers on 0151 777 7926 or operation.castle@merseyside.pnn.police.uk.
