```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives have charged eight people with firearms and drugs offences following a series of warrants in Merseyside yesterday, Thursday 11 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight people charged with firearms and drug offences following warrants
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/eight-people-charged-with-firearms-and-drug-offences-following-warrants/
title: Eight people charged with firearms and drug offences following warrants | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/eight-people-charged-with-firearms-and-drug-offences-following-warrants/
```

11:52 12/02/2021

Detectives have charged eight people with firearms and drugs offences following a series of warrants in Merseyside yesterday, Thursday 11 February.

36-year-old John Wells of no fixed abode was charged with Conspiracy to sell/transfer prohibited weapon/ammunition.
26-year-old Natalie Moore of Patmos Close, Everton was charged with Possession of a prohibited weapon.
31-year-old Anthony McVey of Worcester Drive, Clubmoor was charged with Possession of a prohibited weapon.
20-year-old Thomas Gallagher of Formosa Drive, Fazakerley was charged with Conspiracy to sell/transfer prohibited weapon/ammunition; Possession of a prohibited weapon; and Possession with intent to supply cannabis.
30-year-old William Egan of Tentlands Drive, Prescot was charged with Conspiracy to sell/transfer prohibited weapon/ammunition; and Possession with intent to supply cannabis.
31-year-old Liam Rogan of no fixed abode was charged with Conspiracy to sell/transfer prohibited weapon/ammunition; and Possession of a prohibited weapon.
27-year-old Ryan Kennedy of Westmoreland Place, Everton was charged with Conspiracy to sell/transfer prohibited weapon/ammunition; and Possession of a prohibited weapon.

The warrants are connected to enquiries following the recovery of firearms and ammunition from an addresses in Patmos Street, Everton; Beryl Walk, Fazakerley and Handfield Street, Everton.

All seven will appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court today, Friday 12 February.

Earlier this week, an eighth person, 37-year-old Lee Duffy of Jason Walk, Everton was charged with possession of ammunition in connection with the above investigation. Duffy has been remanded in custody to next appear in March.

If you have any information about the suspected storage, possession and use of firearms and ammunition, please contact us directly via @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
