```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers deliver a special treat for birthday boy Dexter
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers deliver a special treat for birthday boy Dexter
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-deliver-a-special-treat-for-birthday-boy-dexter/
title: Officers deliver a special treat for birthday boy Dexter | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-deliver-a-special-treat-for-birthday-boy-dexter/
```

18:19 04/04/2020

Merseyside police officers were able to bring some birthday joy to a little boy whose birthday celebrations had to be cancelled because of the current restrictions in place to halt the spread of Coronavirus.

Dexter Lee was looking forward to celebrating his fourth birthday on a family holiday which was cancelled and his mum Anna, was devastated when she had to tell him that it wouldn't be going ahead and he couldn't invite his friends round to his home in Mossley Hill either.

Undeterred Anna decided that she still wanted to do something to make her little boy's day one to remember. Dexter loves super heroes and as a result he wants to become a police officer when he grows up so he can "lock up the bad guys". So Anna decided to put a text out to her friends to see if they knew any police officers who might be able to drive past their house and give Dexter a special wave for his big day.

After filtering through a number of different mobiles the message reached Merseyside Police on Thursday night and we arranged for a special visit from Local Policing Sgt Mark Wilson and the force mascot, Bobby.

Armed with a Merseyside Police goodie bag and a super hero card from Chief Constable Andy Cooke Sgt Mark Wilson (who came in on his day off to make the visit) popped round to wish Dexter a happy birthday.

When Sgt Wilson arrived Dexter's grandparents (Fred and Margaret Diamond and Andy and Mari Lee) who have been isolating at home were on hand to watch the birthday visit from the safety of their cars outside the house, along with neighbours.

Dexter was also able to try out the blues and twos in the police van, with his big brother Freddie, while their baby brother six-month-old Mason looked on.

After that Mark and Bobby were joined by neighbours in singing happy birthday to Dexter, who is now looking forward to visiting our officers at Speke police station when things return to normality.
Dexter's mum and dad, Anna and Rob, said: "We are grateful to the police and Mark in particular for helping to make Dexter's birthday exciting.

"Obviously we have been staying at home for the last two weeks in line with the guidelines and it can get a bit repetative with little ones. The most we were hoping for was for a police officer to drive by and flash the sirens. We are so overwhelmed by the effort the police went to today. It has brought a lot of cheer to us and the whole neighbourhood."
