```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a house in Rainhill in which jewellery and cash was stolen.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary in Rainhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-in-rainhill/
title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary in Rainhill | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-in-rainhill/
```

14:17 10/12/2020

We are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a house in Rainhill in which jewellery and cash was stolen.

Between 4pm and 10pm yesterday, Wednesday 9th December, unknown offenders entered a house on Severn Road.

They carried out an untidy search of the house before stealing a quantity of gold jewellery and cash.

An investigation is underway and house-to-house and forensic enquiries have been carried out.

Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said: "I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Severn Road yesterday evening who thinks they saw something to contact us. Perhaps you saw a car or a person acting suspiciously or captured something significant on your mobile phone or dash cam?

"We are continuing to work closely with key partners including the local authorities to raise awareness and share security advice with the public to help prevent people falling victim to burglary.

"Being a victim of burglary can be devastating and we will continue to work closely with our communities and partners to ensure everyone feels safe and secure in their own homes, and that the offenders who commit these crimes are brought to justice.

"Please ensure you are taking the relevant precautions - it is always advised to lock your front and back door even when you are in, and if you have one, set your burglar alarm when you go out or go to bed.

"It's also a good idea to use light timers when you go out at night, keep valuables out of sight, and secure your shed and garage too. Look out for your neighbours, especially the elderly, and report anything suspicious to us."

Anyone with information about the burglary is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 20000749196.
