```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We are welcoming the sentencing of a Stockbridge Village man to life imprisonment with minimum of 19 years for the murder of his partner on New Year\u2019s Day."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Piotr Cichy sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Magdalena Pacult in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/piotr-cichy-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-magdalena-pacult-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Piotr Cichy sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Magdalena Pacult in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/piotr-cichy-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-murder-of-magdalena-pacult-in-stockbridge-village/
```

12:32 24/09/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Stockbridge Village man to life imprisonment with a minimum of 19 years for the murder of his partner on New Year's Day.

49-year-old Piotr Cichy of Custley Hey was found guilty of murder of 46-year-old Magdalena Pacult following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

He was convicted earlier this month and sentenced today, Thursday 24 September.

At around midday on Wednesday January 1, officers attended at an address in Custley Hey following a report of concern for safety of one of the occupants. When officers attended they found the body of Magdalena. A Home Office post mortem confirmed the cause of death was blunt force trauma and mechanical asphyxiation.

Speaking after the sentencing, Superintendent Martin Earl said: "We're pleased that Cichy has been removed from the streets for a significant length of time. He brutally took away Magdalena's life, and then left her terrified teenage daughter to find her body.

"The actions of Piotr Cichy have caused devastation for Magdalena's daughter and family, made worse by the fact that he continued to deny being responsible resulting in the a Crown Court trial. Together with partners we continue to support her daughter as she looks to continue to rebuild her life"

"We don't know exactly what led to this tragic incident, but Cichy was a violent man who we now know had subjected Magdalena to previous abuse.

"If you are a victim of domestic abuse, or know someone who is, we're here for you. Merseyside Police has specially trained officers ready to listen to you, treat you with compassion and respect and investigate any allegations of abuse thoroughly.

"We work closely with partners, charities and other organisations to break the silence and help those in need.

"We know that many people are aware offences are being committed in their neighbourhood or against people they know, but remain silent. I want to encourage those people to do the right thing and come forward so we can take action and help those who need it and those who may not be able to help themselves.

"If you are suffering and can find the courage to come forward, or know someone who may be a victim, please reach out to the police, local authority or support agencies and we will take action."

Support is available by telephone, text message or online services.

Who to contact:

If you or a child are at immediate risk of harm, you should contact the police urgently, by calling 999

Alternatively, if you have any non-urgent information on domestic abuse - if you are a victim or believe someone you know is a victim - you can contact direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Further support can also be found at these national agencies:

Women's Aid | womensaid.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours) https://www.womensaid.org.uk/information-support/
Refuge (includes information for men) | refuge.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours)
Or call the National Domestic Violence helpline on 0808 200 0247 (24 hours)
