```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have today (8th January) welcomed the sentencing of a 29 year old man following the discovery of a loaded firearm hidden in his kitchen cupboard.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anthony Foat sentenced for firearm offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/anthony-foat-sentenced-for-firearm-offences/
title: Anthony Foat sentenced for firearm offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/anthony-foat-sentenced-for-firearm-offences/
```

16:58 08/01/2021

Officers have today (8th January) welcomed the sentencing of a 29 year old man following the discovery of a loaded firearm hidden in his kitchen cupboard.

"Guns are dangerous weapons and owning one without proper certification or experience puts you in significant danger - just imagine if a child had found that gun in the cupboard." Said Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith.

At around 10am on Monday 9th November, officers conducted a drugs warrant at an address on South ferry Quay, Liverpool.

Forced entry was used to get inside where two people were located and detained.

Officers conducted a search of the property and recovered a modified live firearm and ammunition wrapped in a tea towel and hidden inside the kitchen cupboard.

Anthony Foat, 29, of South Ferry Quay was one of those arrested at the scene. He was later charged with possession of a prohibited weapon and possession of ammunition.

He appeared at court on 30th November where he pled guilty to the offences and was remanded in custody until January.

Today, he appeared at Liverpool Crown Court where he was found guilty and sentenced to six years and three months behind bars.

DCI Smith continued: "It is pure stupidity to be owning a gun and storing it in such a careless way.

"I hope that this sentencing opens the eyes of young people that carrying and using a gun will always come at a cost. Even being caught with one without having any intention of ever using it can be detrimental and has the potential to result in a lengthy prison sentence.

"We will do everything we can to help those affected by serious violence and stop gang crime causing fear and death on our streets. But to do so, we need public support - let us know where you think a gun is being hidden, get in touch if you're suspicious of someone or something and always report crime to us - one life taken as a result of gun crime, is one life too many. Enough is enough." #OpTarget

Other arrests made in connection with this incident:

 * Following enquiries and forensic examination, a 19 year old woman who was arrested at the same time at Foat was released under investigation for this offence but was remanded in custody due to being wanted on warrant for a separate drugs offence in Scotland.
 * Troy Hackett, 28 of Glegside Road, Kirkby, was also arrested in the Runcorn area on Friday 18th December in connection with this incident. He was taken into custody and charged with possession of a S5 firearm. He was remanded until the New Year.
