```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police is this weekend reminding residents to stay safe and continue to follow the Coronavirus lockdown rules.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reminder to stay stay safe and stick to the lockdown rules this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/reminder-to-stay-safe-and-stick-to-the-lockdown-rules-this-weekend/
title: Reminder to stay stay safe and stick to the lockdown rules this weekend | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/reminder-to-stay-safe-and-stick-to-the-lockdown-rules-this-weekend/
```

11:18 29/01/2021

Merseyside Police is this weekend reminding residents to stay safe and continue to follow the Coronavirus lockdown rules.

We are now almost four weeks into the national lockdown which was put in place to reduce the number of infections and protect the NHS.

While the majority of people in Merseyside are continuing to abide by the rules and not leaving home apart from essential shopping, work, exercise or caring responsibilities, we know that some people are choosing to blatantly flout the regulations.

Our officers will continue to challenge people who are making unnecessary journeys or meeting in groups with people who are not in their household or support bubble and fixed penalty notices will be issued where appropriate.

Chief Superintendent Matt Boyle said: "We recognise the frustration everyone feels as the national lockdown continues into its fourth week but it's now more important than ever that we stick by the rules to protect ourselves, our loved ones and the NHS.

"We know that weekends are normally a time for socialising with friends or doing activities such as shopping or eating or drinking in pubs and restaurants but that is simply not possible at the moment.

"There is no excuse for not knowing the rules. We are in a national lockdown and the rules apply to everyone. The sooner everyone sticks by them the sooner we can come out of lockdown and get on with our lives as normal."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings planned illegally, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
