```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a stabbing in Birkenhead in December 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following a stabbing in Birkenhead in December 2019
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-following-stabbing-in-birkenhead-in-december-2019/
title: Appeal for witnesses following a stabbing in Birkenhead in December 2019 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-following-stabbing-in-birkenhead-in-december-2019/
```

11:18 12/03/2020

We are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a stabbing in Birkenhead in December 2019.

At 5.30pm on Sunday 29th December, emergency services were called to Borough Road near to the junction with Whitford Road to reports of a 23 year-old man being assaulted by a group of males. He went into a nearby shop where he collapsed and was taken to hospital for treatment of a non life-threatening stab wound to the chest.

The man spent five days in hospital but has made a good recovery.

Detective Inspector Nick Suffield (above main picture) appeared on BBC One's Crimewatch Roadshow this morning (Thursday) to continue to appeal for information about the assault.

DI Suffield said: "We believe there were three males in the group that day. One of the males is described as being around 16-17 years of age, 5ft 8in tall, with a round nose and tiny lips and wearing a puffer jacket.

"A second male is described as around 20 years old, 6ft 3in tall, wearing a light grey puffer jacket. One of the males was also riding a bike at the time of the incident.

"We want to hear from anybody who was in the area around Borough Road/Whitford Road that night - 29th December. Tranmere Rovers were playing Blackpool that evening. Any information they might have - no matter how small - could prove crucial to catching the people responsible.

"We understand the concern that violence causes in our communities and have had significant results recently in arrests, seizures and warrants, targeting those who will store, carry and use dangerous weapons.

"But we cannot tackle knife crime in isolation. We must work with our partners, including councils, emergency services and schools. We have recently launched the #Bladefree campaign which offers diversionary activities to young people in an effort to deter them from knife and violent crime.

"Keep telling us what you know, and we will keep identifying those responsible and removing them from the streets."

Anyone with information can contact us @MerPolCC or 101 with any information, or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For more information about #Bladefree go to www.ourmerseyside.org.
