```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued an image of a man who may be able to assist detectives investigating an incident in which two men were victims of homophobic verbal abuse.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after homophobic abuse directed at two men in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-homophobic-abuse-directed-at-two-men-in-liverpool/
title: Appeal after homophobic abuse directed at two men in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-homophobic-abuse-directed-at-two-men-in-liverpool/
```

17:15 01/10/2019

We have issued an image of a man who may be able to assist detectives investigating an incident in which two men were victims of homophobic verbal abuse.

The incident happened in Ichi Noodle Restaurant, Richmond Street, on Friday, 30 August 2019, at about 9pm.

The victims, were approached by an unknown man who made homophobic insults towards them and then followed them through the city centre, along Whitechapel.

We are urging any witnesses or anyone who recognises the man pictured to come forward.

Detective Constable Dominique Walker said: "I would ask anyone who was on Richmond Street or the surrounding areas on Friday 30 August 2019 and may have witnessed any part of this incident to please come forward with any information. Likewise, if you know who is responsible for this incident, please do the right thing and let us know.

"There is absolutely no place for hate crime in society and we know from speaking to the victims what a massive impact it has on them. I want to reassure the LGBTQ+ community that we will do our utmost to support and protect you and bring those responsible to justice.

"We are passionate about maintaining the right of all our communities to be treated with fairness, dignity and respect and by working closely with our partners will continue to work to eradicate hate crime of all forms.

"Victims can report directly to the police where experienced hate crime officers will treat them with sensitivity and compassion, or via third party reporting centres in fire stations, citizen advice bureaus and hospitals where the information will be passed on."

Anyone who recognises the man pictured or has any information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside PoliceCC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100489609 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
