```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a man to six years in prison for a robbery at a garage in Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to six years in prison for robbery at Liverpool garage
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/man-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-robbery-at-liverpool-garage/
title: Man sentenced to six years in prison for robbery at Liverpool garage | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/man-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-robbery-at-liverpool-garage/
```

13:31 20/09/2019

We are welcoming the sentencing of a man to six years in prison for a robbery at a garage in Liverpool.

Shortly before 7.55pm on Wednesday, 19 June, a call was received reporting a man holding what was originally believed to be a shotgun, had demanded staff hand over cash at the BP garage on Sefton Street.

He then made off with cash on foot along Sefton Street towards the city centre. No one was injured but staff were left extremely shaken.

The weapon was recovered a short time later by patrols and was found to be an imitation.

Following CCTV enquiries and an extensive investigation, 46-year-old Mark Mathiassen of Upchurch Close, Liverpool was arrested on Sunday, 23 June.

Yesterday (Thursday, 19 September) he was sentenced to six years in prison at Liverpool Crown Court.

Detective Constable Mike Steventon said: "This incident caused extreme distress to the staff members at the garage and I am pleased that this offender has now been removed from our communities for a considerable amount of time.

"Mathiassen clearly had no regard for the fear he caused and I hope his sentence serves as a reminder that individuals who think this type of crime is acceptable will be put before the courts and brought to justice.

"This has been an extensive investigation and I would like to thank the members of the public that came forward with information and ultimately assisted in putting Mathiassen offender behind bars."

If you have any information on robbery, or please contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or you can provide anonymous information to @CrimestoppersUK and 0800 555 111.
