```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have executed 10 warrants at addresses across Merseyside today, Thursday 25 March, as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling Class A and Class B drug dealing.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrants executed and 11 people arrested as part of strike day to tackle Class A and Class B drug dealing nationwide
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/warrants-executed-and-11-people-arrested-as-part-of-strike-day-to-tackle-class-a-and-class-b-drug-dealing-nationwide/
title: Warrants executed and 11 people arrested as part of strike day to tackle Class A and Class B drug dealing nationwide | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/warrants-executed-and-11-people-arrested-as-part-of-strike-day-to-tackle-class-a-and-class-b-drug-dealing-nationwide/
```

15:25 25/03/2021

We have executed 10 warrants at addresses across Merseyside today, Thursday 25 March, as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling Class A and Class B drug dealing.

Officers attended at a number of addresses in Liverpool and an address in Wirral.

In total, 11 men have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs.

The men are aged 29, 35, 42, 55, 46, 42, 53, 41, 33, 46, and 30. All are currently in custody where they will be questioned by detectives.

A quantity of Class A and Class B drugs was also seized.

Detective Inspector Paul McVeigh said: "We have spent a considerable amount of time gathering the information and intelligence needed to take this action today. Our specialist teams are determined to rid the streets of Class A and Class B drugs and the organised crime groups who sell and distribute them.

"It's also important that we are able to identify the vulnerable people in our communities who are taken advantage of by these gangs and give them the help that they need.

Chief Inspector Michael Moscrop said: "I hope that people feel reassured by the proactive police work carried out today, and will continue to come forward with information about drug dealing and other related criminality in their communities.

"The more information we have on organised crime, the more action we can take to help take drugs off our streets."

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing or criminality in their area can DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
