```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: '**UPDATE - 3PM MONDAY 20TH APRIL**


    Three people have been charged following a joint operation targeting county lines drug dealing on Thursday 16th April.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three charged following joint County Lines operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-charged-following-joint-county-lines-operation/
title: Three charged following joint County Lines operation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-charged-following-joint-county-lines-operation/
```

15:03 20/04/2020

Updated News Post

****UPDATE - 3PM MONDAY 20TH APRIL****

**Three people have been charged following a joint operation targeting county lines drug dealing on Thursday 16th April.**

**Jack Hartley, 26 of Cowper Road, Old Swan, has been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs and remanded to appear at court.**

**Amy Johnson, 26 of Cowper Road, Old Swan, has been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs and remanded to appear at court.**

**Brendan Purcell, 45, of Earle Street, Barrow-In-Furness has been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs and remanded to appear at court.**

**All three are to appear at Preston Crown Court on May 15th.**

**A fourth man - aged 35 and from the Wirral has been released under investigation pending further investigations. **

ORIGINAL

Officers have arrested four people as part of a joint operation targeting county lines drug dealing today, Thursday, 16 April.

Working alongside Cumbria Police, warrants were carried out at two addresses in Barrow and Liverpool at around 7.30am this morning following an investigation into the County Lines supply of Class A drugs from Liverpool to Barrow.

In Barrow, a 35-year-old man from Barrow and a 35-year-old man from Wirral were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

In Liverpool, a 26-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman, both from the Old Swan area were also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

They have all been taken into custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "Today's arrests follow an extensive investigation into the supply of drugs from Liverpool to Barrow using the County Lines method, and it pleasing to see four individuals now in custody.

"Those involved in County Lines drug supply bring misery to communities near and far with no regard for the lives they affect. Often, they also target and coerce young and vulnerable people into becoming involved in the dealing for them.

"I hope today's arrests show that despite the current coronavirus situation we are all facing, this by no means impacts on our pursuit of individuals involved in serious and organised crime.

"We will continue to work closely, and safely, with other forces and partner agencies to investigate crime, make arrests, remove criminals from our communities and put them before the courts."

If you have any information on drug supply or crime in your area, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111.

ENDS
