```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We welcome the sentencing of a 30-year-old man for drug offences following a joint operation between Merseyside Police, the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the Spanish National Police.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dominic McInally jailed for 12 years for drug offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/dominic-mcinally-jailed-for-12-years-for-drug-offences/
title: Dominic McInally jailed for 12 years for drug offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/dominic-mcinally-jailed-for-12-years-for-drug-offences/
```

15:50 31/03/2021

We welcome the sentencing of a 30-year-old man for drug offences following a joint operation between Merseyside Police, the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the Spanish National Police.

Dominic McInally, formerly of Victoria Road, Formby, was jailed for 12 years today (Wednesday 31 March) at Liverpool Crown Court after he was found guilty of conspiracy to supply cocaine earlier this month.

He was wanted under the National Crime Agency's Operation Captura, the operation to find British fugitives suspected to be in Spain, after six kilograms of cocaine was found in a car stopped by officers in Formby in 2014.

Five men were jailed in connection with this incident but McInally remained a fugitive in Spain.

Following a joint investigation by the NCA, Merseyside Police and the Spanish National Police, McInally was detained in Marbella, Spain, in February 2020. He was extradited back to Merseyside where he was arrested and later charged.

Kathryn Clarke, Head of the National Crime Agency's International Crime Bureau, said: "NCA officers, with the support of Merseyside Police and the Spanish National Police, tracked McInally down and he was arrested at a nightclub in Spain.

"Through our Operation Captura fugitives campaign, we've now apprehended 85 people hiding out overseas, including McInally.

"Criminals who flee the country thinking they can evade capture are no less a priority for law enforcement. The NCA will do all in its power to track fugitives down, and see that they are returned to the UK to face justice."

Merseyside Police Assistant Chief Constable Ian Critchley said: "Today's sentencing is a great result as we see McInally face the consequences of his actions.

"It is fine example of what can be achieved when forces and agencies work together across borders and I'd like to pay tribute to the work of all officers involved in apprehending this serious and organised criminal who peddled drugs and misery across Merseyside.

"McInally thought he could evade law enforcement. But there can be no hiding place when forces and agencies work well together to bring criminals to justice. He will now perhaps take time to reflect on the risks he took and the harm he caused, while serving his significant jail time.

"I hope that the sentence sends a message to criminals who think that they are untouchable and can hide from justice - we will not hesitate to track you down and put you before the courts.

"Merseyside Police will continue to use all available powers and work alongside our regional, national and international partners to bring to justice criminals who impact on our communities here in Merseyside and beyond."

If you have any information about drug dealing or drugs supply in your area please contact us - DM @MerPolCC on Twitter, Merseyside Police Contact Centre on Facebook or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
