```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'We have today, Tuesday 17th September, welcomed the sentencing of a 35 year-old man for two robberies in St Helens.


    On 10th August this year two men entered D&amp;T Wines on Standish Street, St Helens. One of the men was armed with a knife. The shop assistant was threatened and the men fled the scene with cash and a bottle of whisky.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: St Helens man jailed for five-and-a-half years for business robberies
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/st-helens-man-jailed-for-five-and-a-half-years-for-business-robberies/
title: St Helens man jailed for five-and-a-half years for business robberies | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/st-helens-man-jailed-for-five-and-a-half-years-for-business-robberies/
```

15:07 17/09/2019

We have today, Tuesday 17th September, welcomed the sentencing of a 35 year-old man for two robberies in St Helens.

On 10th August this year two men entered D&T Wines on Standish Street, St Helens. One of the men was armed with a knife. The shop assistant was threatened and the men fled the scene with cash and a bottle of whisky.

Three days later, on 13h August, two men with their faces covered and armed with a kitchen knife and a hammer entered Bet Fred, on Bickerstaffe Street in St Helens and demanding cash before fleeing the scene on foot.

Christopher Heffey, 35, of Providence Court, Charles Street, St Helens, was arrested and charged with both robberies and remanded into custody.

He pleaded guilty at Liverpool Crown Court and yesterday (Monday) was sentenced to five-and-a-half years imprisonment.

Detective Inspector Tony O'Brien said: "I am pleased that Heffey was detained and charged so promptly following the two robberies and has now been sent to jail for the offences.

"Business robberies are not victimless crimes, they often involve people who are just trying to do their job becoming victims of traumatic and sometimes violent incidents and as such we treat them extremely seriously.

"We regularly work with partners to provide advice on practices and measures business owners can introduce to make their businesses more secure and engage in high visibility patrols in areas with high footfall to reassure businesses and shoppers alike.

"Enquiries remain ongoing in relation to the second male and I would ask anyone who has any information which could assist the investigation to contact us or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
