```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has today, Friday, 15 November, welcomed the sentencing of John Sydney Adam for historic sex offences against two children.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to 14 years in prison for historic sex offences against children
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/man-sentenced-to-14-years-in-prison-for-historic-sex-offences-against-children/
title: Man sentenced to 14 years in prison for historic sex offences against children | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/man-sentenced-to-14-years-in-prison-for-historic-sex-offences-against-children/
```

12:27 15/11/2019

Merseyside Police has today, Friday, 15 November, welcomed the sentencing of John Sydney Adam for historic sex offences against two children.

69-year-old Adam of Fidler Street, Thatto Heath, was found guilty of three counts of rape against a child under 16 and four counts of indecent assault against a child under 16 following a trial.

Today at Liverpool Crown Court, Adam was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He was also issued with an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) and placed on the Sex Offenders Register.

Detective constable Emma O'Toole said: "Adam's victims have shown immense courage in coming forward to report his appalling crimes and I want to commend them for the bravery shown throughout the investigation.

"Today's sentencing goes to show that time should never be a barrier to obtaining justice. If you are suffering in silence, I want to let you know that there are specially trained officers at Merseyside Police ready to support and listen to you and if you can find the courage to come forward and speak to us, all reports will be investigated thoroughly.

"Adam prolonged his victims suffering by denying the offences resulting in a trial, and I am pleased that he will now be put behind bars for a considerable amount of time."

Anyone wishing to report a sexual offence can call officers in the force's specialist Unity team on 0151 777 1382 or call officers on 101. You can also contact DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
