```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Appeal for witnesses after three men assaulted in Toxteth
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after three men assaulted in Toxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/appeal-for-witnesses-after-three-men-assaulted-in-toxteth/
title: Appeal for witnesses after three men assaulted in Toxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/appeal-for-witnesses-after-three-men-assaulted-in-toxteth/
```

08:20 05/04/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after three men were injured in a space of 20 minutes in Toxteth this evening (Saturday, 4 April).

A 9.54pm a report we received a report that a 19-year-old man had received multiple stab wounds to his head and chest on Carter Street, Toxteth. He was taken by ambulance to hospital, where his condition is described as critical.

At the same time we received another report of a 20-year-old male having been shot on Gwent Street, next to Berkley Park. A short while later the male self-presented at hospital with a gunshot wound to his hip, which is not believed to be life threatening.

Just 20 minutes later a report was received that a 17-year-old man was being treated by paramedics on Hatherley Close for a stab wound to his buttocks. At this stage the victim is not co-operating with police and the location of the assault is unknown.

Detective Inspector Jennie Beck, said: "We are currently investigating three assaults in the Toxteth area, one of which has left one of the victim's in a critical condition in hospital. Detectives are carrying out house-to-house inquiries and will be examining CCTV footage to establish the circumstances surrounding each incident. We are in the early stages of investigating these incidents and are keeping an open mind, although given the times and locations of the incidents we can't rule out that they may be linked.

"I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to the local community to come forward. Three young men have been assaulted in a 20 minute period within a short distance of each other, one of those young men is in a critical condition. Please if you have information come forward so we can identify those responsible and put them before the courts."

Anyone with information which could help detectives with their inquiries is asked to DM @merpolCC, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
