```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Liscard man to three years and seven months in prison for stabbing a man in Moreton, Wirral earlier this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following stabbing in Moreton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/man-sentenced-following-stabbing-in-moreton/
title: Man sentenced following stabbing in Moreton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/man-sentenced-following-stabbing-in-moreton/
```

16:25 09/10/2019

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Liscard man to three years and seven months in prison for stabbing a man in Moreton, Wirral earlier this year.

At around 5.50pm on Tuesday 2 April, police were called to Gabriel Close to reports of an altercation between two men. The victim, a man in his 20s, was stabbed. He was taken to hospital for treatment to a rib injury and later recovered.

Following enquiries, officers arrested 24-year-old Lewis Chong, of no fixed abode but from Liscard. Chong was charged with and admitted Section 20 wounding and possession of a knife blade / sharp pointed article in a public place.

Yesterday (Tuesday 8 October) at Liverpool Crown Court, Chong was sentenced to three years and seven months in prison.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Chief Inspector Robbie Moss said: "This was an appalling attack which, could have so easily resulted in fatal injuries to the victim. Nonetheless, the distress and lasting impact for the victim, and on those in the community, is harder to measure.

"If you carry and use a knife, you are playing a lottery with your own life and those you confront. Chong will now have time in custody to reflect upon his reckless actions, and the people of Wirral can rest assured that a dangerous man is off the streets.

"We all recognise the risk, harm and devastation that knife crime can cause across Merseyside and beyond. Alongside our partners, we're determined to keep targeting those who are danger to society, and key to positive results like this can often be information provided by those communities affected.

"I would ask that the public continues to support us by spreading the message and making carrying a knife socially unacceptable. If you know anything about people using or storing dangerous weapons, tell us what you know and we'll keep taking action and putting people before the courts."

You can speak to us directly via @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
