```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two robberies in Liverpool on Monday 6 April have arrested three men and a woman in connection with the offences.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested in connection with Liverpool robberies
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-in-connection-with-liverpool-robberies/
title: Four arrested in connection with Liverpool robberies | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/three-arrested-in-connection-with-liverpool-robberies/
```

15:12 08/04/2020

Detectives investigating two robberies in Liverpool on Monday 6 April have arrested three men and a woman in connection with the offences.

At around 8.55am, staff at Bargain Booze on Stonebridge Lane, Croxteth were loading stock when they were approached by two unknown males. Threats were made and cigarettes were stolen. Nobody was injured.

Around 9.35am, a delivery driver on Queens Drive, Mossley Hill was threatened by two males, who made off in his van. The vehicle was recovered on Greystone Road, Broadgreen, and two men were detained nearby. It is believed that the two incidents are potentially linked.

A third man and a woman were also arrested following further enquiries.

A 38-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of robbery and released on conditional bail.
A 35-year-old man from Dovecot was arrested on suspicion of robbery and released on conditional bail.
A 32-year-old man from Fazakerley was arrested on suspicion of robbery and released under investigation. He has been recalled to prison due to breaching the conditions of his licence.
A 32-year-old woman from Fazakerley was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit robbery and handling stolen goods. She has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Detective Sergeant Laura Parr said: "Our investigation is ongoing and I'd like to assure anyone who is still working at this difficult time that we are still in your communities, patrolling and pursuing those who wrongly see this as an opportunity to commit crime. These arrests were the result of quick, proactive police work, and information from the public.

"To those at home or out doing exercise or essential journeys, thanks for your information, and please do stay aware of anything suspicious where you are. Pass on what you see, hear and know, be it home CCTV, dashcam or other evidence, and we'll keep taking this positive action to keep our communities safe."

Anyone who witnessed the incidents or has any information, is asked to contact our social media desk @MerPolCC or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 with reference 20000201978.
