```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from the Bebington local policing team have released some CCTV images, following reports of a moped being ridden anti-socially in Birkenhead Park yesterday, Wednesday, 9 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anti-social behaviour - Birkenhead Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/anti-social-behaviour---birkenhead-park/
title: Anti-social behaviour - Birkenhead Park | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/anti-social-behaviour---birkenhead-park/
```

12:09 11/09/2020

Officers from the Bebington local policing team have released some CCTV images, following reports of a moped being ridden anti-socially in Birkenhead Park yesterday, Wednesday, 9 September.

At around 6pm, officers received reports that two men / youths were riding in and around the park at speed on a moped. Officers have released CCTV of two males on the bike,* who they wish to speak with, as they may be able to assist with the investigation.

Local Policing Inspector Alan Welch said: "Birkenhead Park is a busy and well used park, by lots of sports teams, dog walkers and families, and the riders of this moped showed no regard for anyone in the park.

"The reckless use of these bikes, as we have seen before, can result in serious injury or even worse. They can also present a great nuisance for the local communities.

"We continue to work to eradicate the illegal use of these bikes, and I would like to emphasise how important the help of the public is in doing this.

"The park was particularly busy yesterday and we'd appeal to anyone who saw these males on the bike or anyone who recognises the male pictured to get in contact. If know where these bikes are being ridden or stored, let us know so we can take action.

"We regularly seize such vehicles off the back of your information, and if we can do so before they are out causing harm in the communities, then all the better. All information can and is acted upon to take illegally used vehicles from the streets."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact @MerPolCC or call 101. You can also contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.

*Only one male is visible on the CCTV, the first male's face is covered.
