```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a stabbing in St Helens last night (Tuesday, 19 January) have arrested a third teenage boy in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three teenage boys arrested in connection with St Helens stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/three-teenage-boys-arrested-in-connection-with-st-helens-stabbing/
title: Three teenage boys arrested in connection with St Helens stabbing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/three-teenage-boys-arrested-in-connection-with-st-helens-stabbing/
```

22:22 20/01/2021

**UPDATE:
​
Detectives investigating a stabbing in St Helens last night (Tuesday, 19 January) have arrested a third teenage boy in connection with the incident.

A 16-year-old boy from St Helens has been arrested on suspicion of Section 18 wounding and remains in custody for questioning.
​**

Detectives arresting a stabbing in St Helens last night (Tuesday 19 January) have arrested two teenage boys.

A 15-year-old boy and a 14-year-old boy, both from St Helens, were arrested on suspicion of Section 18 wounding and taken to police stations for questioning as our investigation continues. _ **
**_
Shortly before 6.55pm yesterday, officers were called to Princess Avenue after it was reported that a 14-year-old boy had been stabbed following an altercation involving a group of youths. Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to hospital for treatment to serious wounds to his leg and chest. He is currently in a stable condition.

A further Section 60 stop and search order has been authorised for an area of St Helens in response to the incident.

The order began at 4pm this afternoon (20 January) and will conclude at 2am tomorrow (Thursday 21 January). Officers will be dedicated to policing the order, which gives officers powers to stop and search people in the area and gives them the ability to stop those people they believe may be carrying weapons.

Detective Chief Inspector Simon Vaughan said: "We're carrying out extensive enquiries after the victim sustained serious injuries last night.

"Although two arrests have been made, these enquiries continue, and we'd still urge anyone who witnessed the incident, saw any suspicious behaviour, or a group of youths in the Princess Avenue or Bishop Road playing fields area around the time of the incident, to please contact us. Either tell us directly or anonymously through Crimestoppers.

"Knife crime can and does cause catastrophic consequences and it is through good fortune that this incident didn't end in tragedy. Key to removing weapons and those who use them is information from those communities affected. You will see and hear increased policing activity in the area in the coming days so if you know anything, speak to us and we will take action."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 21000039628 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be shared through the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/appeal-for-information-stabbing-in-st-helens-21000039628
