```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers were called to reports of a large scale party ongoing in Liverpool in the early hours of this morning (10th August).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight arrested as officers recover knives at large weekend party in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/eight-arrested-as-officers-recover-knives-at-large-weekend-party-in-liverpool/
title: Eight arrested as officers recover knives at large weekend party in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/eight-arrested-as-officers-recover-knives-at-large-weekend-party-in-liverpool/
```

13:57 10/08/2020

Officers were called to reports of a large scale party ongoing in Liverpool in the early hours of this morning (10th August).

Upon arrival on Parr Street at around 2:10am, officers noticed a strong smell of cannabis and loud music coming from a property nearby.

Our Matrix team and Dogs Unit were called to the location and forced entry was used. Once inside, officers were faced with a number of bottles and other items being thrown at them. However, they soon took control of the situation and managed to detain eight men, five of whom were arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and affray and three others who were arrested on suspicion of burglary after they had made off from the party and gained entry into a nearby property on Duke Street.

Further checks of the property on Parr Street were conducted where extensive damage was found and signs of drugs misuse. A quantity of drugs were also seized along with a number of weapons.

Chief Inspector Lisa Ledder said: "I am hugely grateful for the fast response of officers who attended this incident and managed to detain a number of people.

"Illegal gatherings such as this go against current guidelines and are putting the wider community at further risk of not only the spread of coronavirus, but also increased levels of criminality.

"We have seen other nearby areas having to undertake much stricter local lockdowns, something I really do not want the Merseyside public to be faced with as a result of a minority of people acting irresponsibly.

"I am however pleased that these weapons have also been removed from our streets as they also pose a great risk to those living in the area and I am thankful for the seizure and destruction of these.

"I welcome community intelligence and I want to thank the public for informing us of incidents that have taken place or are ongoing in their neighbourhood. Crime should not be glamorised and carrying a weapon, being involved in drugs and threatening others will never be tolerated."

The eight men arrested all remain in custody at this time.

Anyone with information regarding this gathering in particular or similar events being held, is urged to get in touch with us immediately using crime ref: 20000475294.

**Arrested:**

An 18 year old man arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage

An 18 year old man arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage

A 19 year old man arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage

A 30 year old man arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage

A 31 year old man arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage

A 20 year old man arrested on suspicion of burglary

A 29 year old man arrested on suspicion of burglary

A 21 year old man arrested on suspicion of burglary
