```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Do you recognise this man? Officers believe he could have vital information that would assist their enquiries into a shooting at a McDonalds drive-thru in Bromborough yesterday Thursday, 18 June).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating Bromborough shooting release image of man
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/officers-investigating-bromborough-shooting-release-image-of-man/
title: Officers investigating Bromborough shooting release image of man | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/officers-investigating-bromborough-shooting-release-image-of-man/
```

13:37 19/06/2020

Do you recognise this man?

Officers believe he could have vital information that would assist their enquiries into a shooting at a McDonalds drive-thru in Bromborough yesterday Thursday, 18 June).

At about 5.30pm, emergency services were called to McDonald's at The Croft Retail & Leisure Park on Welton Road, following reports a 21-year-old man had been shot as he sat in the front passenger seat of a black Ford Tourneo car in the drive-thru. He was taken to hospital for assessment of a leg injury where his condition is described as stable.

It is believed the offender made off on foot in the direction of Asda, before leaving the scene in a black vehicle with at least one other male.

Officers are continuing to carry out CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries at the scene and the Community Policing Team have been patrolling the retail park for reassurance today.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "We are in the early stages of our investigation but are treating this as a targeted attack at this stage.

"I want to appeal to anyone who thinks they know the man in the picture to contact us as soon as possible. If you know who he is, you can direct message us on Twitter @MerPolCC or call 0151 709 6010. If you see him, call 999 and do not approach him."

Det Chief Insp Smith added: "I would also ask anyone who was in the area at around 5.30pm yesterday and has information to please get in touch as soon as possible, so we can establish the exact circumstances.

"I understand this incident would have caused anyone who witnessed it considerable distress. Nobody should feel they can use a firearm in a busy area in broad daylight with people of all ages around, and I want to reassure the community we are doing all we can to locate the person responsible and patrols will remain in the area to provide reassurance and gather information.

"If you witnessed the incident, or have any CCTV, dashcam footage or information, please let us know, as it could prove vital to the investigation. Gun crime will not be tolerated on the streets of Merseyside and we will continue to take guns and the people who store, carry and use them off our streets."

Anyone with information should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 0151 709 6010 quoting incident reference 20000355196 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously

If you have CCTV or dashcam footage that may assist you can upload it via this link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000355196
