```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm a former Merseyside Police employee has appeared in court today, Friday 14th August, after pleading guilty to a charge of misconduct in a public office.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former Merseyside Police employee pleads guilty to misconduct in public office
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/former-merseyside-police-employee-pleads-guilty-to-misconduct-in-public-office/
title: Former Merseyside Police employee pleads guilty to misconduct in public office | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/former-merseyside-police-employee-pleads-guilty-to-misconduct-in-public-office/
```

15:57 14/08/2020

We can confirm a former Merseyside Police employee has appeared in court today, Friday 14th August, after pleading guilty to a charge of misconduct in a public office.

Lauren Susan Johnson, 24, appeared at Liverpool Crown Court, in relation to allegations that between 6th January 2017 and 11th December 2018 she, without reasonable excuse and not for a legitimate policing purpose, accessed sensitive information.

She was sentenced to 10 months in prison suspended for 12 months.

The charges came as a result of an investigation by the force's Anti-corruption unit.

Johnson resigned from the force in May 2019.

Detective Superintendent Andy Williams from the Anti-Corruption Unit, said: "Merseyside Police demands the highest standards of professionalism and integrity from all its police officers and staff. It is what the public expects and what the public deserves if they are to have trust and confidence in us.

"When the behaviour and conduct of individuals within our force fall below those standards they can expect to be held to account.

"The access all police employees have to confidential police data is strictly controlled and numerous policies exist which make it clear what research is legitimate and what is prohibited. Employees have this instilled into them when they join the organisation and are reminded of the importance of these policies throughout their police career.

"The public rightly expects Merseyside Police to protect this data from misuse and abuse and the outcome of this case should demonstrate to people just how seriously we take such breaches and also the repercussions for those found responsible for committing them.

"The public should be reassured that the vast majority of our officers and staff work in a professional and committed manner to serve the communities of Merseyside day in, day out and the actions of one person should do nothing to undermine that fact."
