```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man who stabbed a man at his house before allowing his dog to attack the victim in St Helens has been jailed today (Tuesday 31 March) for eight years.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for dog and knife attack in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-arson-in-formby/man-jailed-for-dog-and-knife-attack-in-st-helens/
title: Man jailed for dog and knife attack in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-arson-in-formby/man-jailed-for-dog-and-knife-attack-in-st-helens/
```

16:14 31/03/2020

A man who stabbed a man at his house before allowing his dog to attack the victim in St Helens has been jailed today (Tuesday 31 March) for eight years.

The victim, a 30-year-old man, was attacked at around 5.15am on 15 September 2019 after a night out with friends in St Helens town centre.

He went to a house party at the home of Dean Weaver, 28, on Fidler Street where Weaver stabbed him in the arm with a combat style knife.

The victim was then savagely attacked by Weaver's Staffordshire Bull Terrier causing deep puncture wounds to his upper arms and both legs. The dog continued to attack the victim even after he ran from the scene into the street, and the victim has been left with severe scarring.

Officers including a dog patrol were deployed to the scene and Weaver was arrested, and the dog and knife were seized.

Weaver was charged with Section 18 Wounding and being in charge of a dog dangerously out of control, he pleaded guilty to the Dangerous Dogs Act offence on Monday 9 March and after a two-day trial at Liverpool Crown Court, he was found guilty of Section 18 assault on Tuesday 10 March.

He was sentenced today (Tuesday 31 March) at Liverpool Crown Court to eight years in orison (seven years for causing grievous bodily harm and one year for the Dangerous Dogs Act offence, to run consecutive) and the judge authorised a destruction order for the dog, and the forfeiture and destruction of the knife.

Detective Constable Roy Waller said: "Weaver subjected his victim to a brutal, horrific attack and while the wounds may heal over time, he may never fully recover from the psychological impact of such a terrifying ordeal.

"There is never an acceptable reason for using a knife to inflict harm on another person, and I hope Weaver uses the significant time he will now spend behind bars to reflect on the recklessness of his decision that day.

"The use of knives will not be tolerated by Merseyside Police and we will continue to work closely with communities and partners to arrest offenders, take knives out of the hands of criminals educate people on the dangers of knife crime."

Det Con Waller added: "Dog owners have a responsibility to keep their pets under control to ensure they do not inflict such terrible injuries on anyone.

"This case highlights in the starkest terms what can happen when dog owners do not take their responsibility seriously, and the lasting trauma that can result.

"It is absolutely crucial that we educate dog owners about what it means to be a responsible dog-lover. This can mean getting the dog properly trained from an early age, keeping it in a comfortable, spacious and secure part of your home, taking it for regular walks to socialise with other dogs and burn off energy, and getting it chipped, neutered and insured.

"I would also urge dog owners to ensure their homes and gardens are secure. If you think your dog could be aggressive or at risk of biting someone in public, you should put a muzzle on it and make sure it can't run out of the front door.

"I would also ask anyone with information about dangerous dogs in their area to contact us so that we can take proactive action."
