```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in the Croxteth and Norris Green area following a shooting on Thursday and subsequent injuries sustained by a 12-year-old girl.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fourth Section 60 order in Croxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/fourth-section-60-order-in-croxteth/
title: Fourth Section 60 order in Croxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/fourth-section-60-order-in-croxteth/
```

12:25 04/11/2019

Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in the Croxteth and Norris Green area following a shooting on Thursday (31 October) and subsequent injuries sustained by a 12-year-old girl.

The order, the fourth of its kind in the area since the incident, is in place between 2pm today (Monday 4 November) and 4am tomorrow (Tuesday 5 November).

During the period of the previous three orders, a total of 88 people have been stop searched and a number of people have been arrested, issued postal charges or summons, issued drugs warnings and a penalty notice for disorder relating to weapons and drugs offences.

This includes a 14-year-old boy who will attend for interview for possession of an offensive weapon after being found in possession of a bladed article, and a 17-year-old male arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.

Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 allows a police officer to stop and search people without suspicion.

The map for the latest Section 60 order is attached and the boundaries are East Lancashire Road, Townsend Avenue, Utting Avenue East, Lower House Lane, Dwerryhouse Lane, Oak Lane, Oak Lane North, Rear of Riveria Drive and Cubert Road, Parkview Road, to East Lancashire Road and back to Townsend Avenue.

Liverpool Community Inspector Graeme Rooney said: "Over the weekend, Section 60 orders in the Croxteth area proved successful not only in arresting and identifying suspects, but also in sending a message to offenders that we will not stand by and allow those intent on carrying weapons to bring violence to the area.

"The community will see extra patrols in the area again today and tonight, with officers out speaking to the community and providing a highly visible presence.

"These orders are aimed at disrupting those intent on criminal activity - not normal people going about their daily business, and I am grateful for the patience, understanding and support shown by the communities invovled as we take this action.

"I would also like to reassure communities in other parts of Merseyside that our presence in and around Croxteth is not at the expense of other areas. We continue to patrol and be visible in any and all areas we believe require our attention and action.

"I would urge anyone with information on the incident to come forward and speak to us, either directly or via @MerPolCC, 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"We will act on all information to remove those who cause harm from your streets."

Anyone is invited to complete a survey about the Section 60 orders in Croxteth.
