```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have welcomed the sentencing of a Netherton man for sex offences against two children.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Netherton man jailed for sex offences against children
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/netherton-man-jailed-for-sex-offences-against-children/
title: Netherton man jailed for sex offences against children | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/netherton-man-jailed-for-sex-offences-against-children/
```

10:35 05/01/2021

We have welcomed the sentencing of a Netherton man for sex offences against two children.

19-year-old Steff Jones, of Marie Curie Avenue, was sentenced to four years in prison at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, Monday, 4 January, after pleading guilty to sexual activity with a child and possessing indecent images of a child. He was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Jones was arrested on Friday 23 October 2020 after one of the victims, a teenage girl, reported him to police.

Detective Chief Inspector Simon Hurst said: "Jones is a dangerous individual that preyed on two young girls, and thanks to their courage in coming forward, he will now spend significant time in prison.

"We are committed to protecting victims of sexual offences, and anyone who reports an incident to us will be safeguarded and supported throughout the investigation.

"I hope today's result gives the victims some closure and allows them to move forward, knowing they have helped put Jones behind bars, where he can no longer pose a risk to other children.

"Anyone that has been a victim of a similar sexual offence, is concerned for the safety of someone they know or suspects someone to be engaging in this criminal activity, should come forward and speak to us. We have a team of dedicated staff who will expertly and compassionately deal with your reports and we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice."

Anyone with information or wants to report a sexual offence is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
