```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are urging residents to be vigilant and appealing for information and any footage after an attempted distraction burglary in West Derby.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge vigilance after attempted distraction burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/police-urge-vigilance-after-attempted-distraction-burglary/
title: Police urge vigilance after attempted distraction burglary | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/police-urge-vigilance-after-attempted-distraction-burglary/
```

11:01 08/12/2020

We are urging residents to be vigilant and appealing for information and any footage after an attempted distraction burglary in West Derby.

It was reported at 1.30pm on Friday 27 November that three males knocked on the door of an elderly couple on Baycliff Road and claimed to be workers who had identified a leak in the roof while working on a neighbouring property.

They were allowed into the house, and one of the males walked the victims into the back garden stating they would point out the leak. At that point, the other two offenders went up the stairs and searched rooms upstairs.

The victims became suspicious and went back inside to call their neighbour to verify the account - but one of the offenders removed the phone line before all three made off from the address. It is not believed the offenders took any property from the address.

Detective Constable Josh Banks said: "To gain the trust of elderly couple and target them in this way in their own home, where they should feel safest, is despicable.

"Enquiries are ongoing to identify the three males involved, and I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. If you were in the area at the time and saw three males acting suspiciously, or have CCTV or were driving nearby and have dashcam footage, please get in touch as it may assist our investigation.

"Shamefully, offenders like this deliberately target the most vulnerable in our community and I would ask people to take a few minutes to check on any elderly neighbours, family and friends and ensure they are given the right advice and guidance, particularly in the run up to Christmas."

There are a number of steps you and they can take to try to prevent this from happening:

• Do not open your door if you are unsure who the caller is. Always make sure you know who visitors are by asking to see their identification. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
• Always keep the key chain on the door whilst talking to callers and always check their ID before letting them into your home. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
• Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. Remember "if in doubt, keep them out
• Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
• It's a good idea to have a viewer or spy hole and a stout chain fitted to all the external doors to the property
• Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
• If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help"

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 20000721804 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
