```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested two people and seized cannabis plants and equipment following enquiries in Newton-le-Willows in the early hours of this morning, Thursday 8 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested and cannabis farm and equipment seized in Newton-le-Willows
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-and-equipment-seized-in-newton-le-willows/
title: Two arrested and cannabis farm and equipment seized in Newton-le-Willows | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-and-equipment-seized-in-newton-le-willows/
```

10:34 08/10/2020

Officers have arrested two people and seized cannabis plants and equipment following enquiries in Newton-le-Willows in the early hours of this morning, Thursday 8 October.

At around 2am, officers on patrol noticed the strong smell of cannabis and pinpointed an address on Market Street. Entry was gained to the premises and a cannabis cultivation was found within one of the rooms, containing nine plants. Equipment was also found and two people were detained.

A 34-year-old woman and a 44-year-old man, both from Newton-le-Willows, were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production and remain in custody for questioning. Enquiries are ongoing and the plants and equipment have been seized.

Matt Brown, who heads our Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT), said: "As the pictures show, a number of mature plants were found, in addition to equipment. Clearly such set-ups have the potential to produce multiple crops and attract multiple risks for anyone who has the misfortune to live or work nearby. Fire, flood and violent crime can and do result from

"This was smart work by officers, but equally we have had success from members of the public raising their own suspicions with us or via Crimestoppers. Smells aren't the only sign that cannabis is being grown where you are, so be aware of others. Stand with us and tell us if you suspect similar is happening where you are, and your streets will be safer."

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
