```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A section 60 order has been authorised for the 6th time this evening in place from 5pm (9th March) until 4am (10th March). The order will again cover the Beechwood and Noctorum areas.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 order authorised for the sixth time in Wirral estates following weekend of continued activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-authorised-for-the-sixth-time-in-wirral-estates-following-weekend-of-continued-activity/
title: Section 60 order authorised for the sixth time in Wirral estates following weekend of continued activity | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-authorised-for-the-sixth-time-in-wirral-estates-following-weekend-of-continued-activity/
```

12:20 09/03/2020

A section 60 order has been authorised for the 6th time this evening in place from 5pm (9th March) until 4am (10th March). The order will again cover the Beechwood and Noctorum areas.

These orders allow officers to search anyone in a given area and has proved positive over the weekend with a number of people searched, arrested and charged.

On Friday night (6th March), officers conducted a warrant at a property on Market St, Birkenhead where they located a four bin bags full of suspected cannabis as well as growing equipment. Three people were arrested, two aged 18 and one aged 41 for drugs offences.

In the early hours of Saturday morning (7th March), a 17 year old boy was searched on Fender Way where he was found carrying a lock knife. He was taken to custody where he was questioned and was later charged with possession of a knife in a public space and will appear at Merseyside Youth Court later this month.

Next, a wanted 53 year old woman was located and arrested on suspicion of burglary following an incident on the 16th February.

Then a man, aged 37 who was also wanted on two no bail warrants was arrested for seven counts of theft of a shop. He was later charged and will be appearing at court today (9th March).

In the early hours of Sunday (8th March), another man aged 36 was stopped whilst driving his car on Conway St, Birkenhead. He was found to have no insurance and no driving licence. A further search of the car recovered a jar of cannabis and the driver later tested positive for cocaine. He was arrested for drug driving and taken to custody.

If you know anyone involved in crime or carrying a weapon, please let us know either by approaching one of our officers and speaking to them directly who are patrolling the area tonight (9th March), or via @MerpolCC or anonymously via Crimestoppers 0800 555 111 so we can keep our communities as safe as we can be #OpTarget
