```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 19 stop searches, 9 arrests, 5 Covid fines, 4 warrants and 2 roadside operations, sees a full day of policing activity across Liverpool!
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Day of action in Liverpool tackles serious violence
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/day-of-action-in-liverpool-tackles-serious-violence/
title: Day of action in Liverpool tackles serious violence | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/day-of-action-in-liverpool-tackles-serious-violence/
```

13:29 25/02/2021

19 stop searches, 9 arrests, 5 Covid fines, 4 warrants and 2 roadside operations, sees a full day of policing activity across Liverpool!

Yesterday (24th Feb), officers conducted a day of action in Walton, Kensington, Anfield and Tuebrook aiming to reassure our local communities, identify those involved in organised crime, gangs and serious violence and reduce their ability to cause havoc in the area as well as improving road safety and gaining further intelligence to assist with ongoing investigations.

"It was a busy day yesterday but the end result is something myself and the team are really proud of. We conduct these days of action to fundamentally protect the public and take criminals off our streets." A/Insp Emma Haffenden explained.

The day began with four pre-planned warrants taking place on Sheil Road and Rossett Street, both in Tuebrook and Bala Street and Wernbrook Road, both in Anfield.

The warrant on Bala Street was in relation to drugs. Five people were detained inside the property whilst officers conducted a search where a quantity of crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis was seized. One woman admitted to owning the drugs and so a voluntary interview was arranged. In addition to this, a Covid fine was issued to the occupier, a 43 year old man for breaking regulations.

The warrant on Rossett Street was conducted in relation to gun offences. Unfortunately no items were seized but the occupier did hand over a knife, which had been hidden under a mattress and a gas mask.

Following this, a 43 year old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and various driving offences after officers in an unmarked car suspected the man as being involved in drug dealing.

Officers attempted to stop the car he was in but he continued to drive in a dangerous way resulting in his car crashing into another vehicle before again driving off.

Another police vehicle attended an address on Craine Close linked to the car where they spotted the driver making off on foot through gardens on Frankby Road. Due to the numbers of proactive officers in the area, they were able to work together to locate the man in a garden on Ardrossan Road where he was detained and arrested.

Checks also confirmed that the man didn't actually have a driving licence, insurance or permission to drive the car.

Inside the car, officers also found a machete placed down the side of the seat and a further search of the area recovered a quantity of Class A drugs. The car was also seized and the man was taken to custody where he was questioned and has since been released under investigation.

Officers on patrol in the County Road area received reports that a teenage boy was in possession of a knife. The 13 year old was located and stopped by mounted officers who managed to retrieve the weapon. He was arrested for possession of a bladed article and taken to custody where he was referred to the youth offending team.

In addition to this, two roadside operations were conducted on Walton Lane and Townsend Lane where five driving tickets were issued to motorists.

A/Insp Haffenden continued: "Reducing knife crime remains one of our top priorities and by carrying out these days of action means that we can improve community confidence, seek out criminals and protect people.

"We want to ensure that young people are not enticed into criminal activity and gangs are not idolised. Therefore we must work together to report suspicious behaviour and take dangerous people, weapons and drugs off our streets before it is too late and someone is injured or worse."

Report via @MerPolCC, call 101 or anonymously @CrimestoppersUK - #OpTarget
