```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend, in response to recent anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area. It comes into place today at 12pm Friday, 18 September and will run until 12pm on Sunday, 20 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Dispersal Zone: Birkenhead'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/dispersal-zone-birkenhead/
title: 'Dispersal Zone: Birkenhead | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/dispersal-zone-birkenhead/
```

16:51 17/09/2020

Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend, in response to recent anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area. It comes into place today at 12pm Friday, 18 September and will run until 12pm on Sunday, 20 September.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

The area covered by the order is show on the map, and covers areas including Cleveland Street, Argyle Street, Argyle Street South, Elm Grove, Willmer Road, Balls Road East, Balls Road and Slatey Road.

Community Policing Sergeant Alan McKeon said: "A dispersal zone has been put in place following recent reports of anti-social behaviour in the area, as well as incidents of racially aggravated hate crime. We understand the significant impact that this can have on local communities and law abiding members of the public.

"Over the weekend, we will have extra patrols in the area shown on the map and will be proactively targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour. I want to reassure people going about their legitimate daily business that they have nothing to worry about.

"Now more than ever, it is incredibly important that we all continue to adhere to government guidance for the safety of everyone around us. I would like to thank the vast majority that have been and continue to follow the advice given.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to make contact."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
