```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating shots fired in Dingle last Friday night have today (Monday 11 January) arrested a teenager in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested following shots fired in Dingle
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/teenager-arrested-following-shots-fired-in-dingle/
title: Two arrested following shots fired in Dingle | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/teenager-arrested-following-shots-fired-in-dingle/
```

15:40 11/01/2021

Updated News Post

**UPDATE: Detectives have this afternoon (Monday 11 January) arrested a second teenager in connection with this incident.**

**The 16-year-old boy, from Aigburth, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. Both remain in custody at the time of writing.**

Detectives investigating shots fired in Dingle last Friday night have today (Monday 11 January) arrested a teenager in connection with the incident.

At around 8.45pm, officers were called to Sundridge Street to reports of damage being caused to a home. This has been confirmed as being caused by a firearm. Nobody was injured but the occupants of the house were left extremely shaken.

The investigation continues. This morning, a 16-year-old boy from Toxteth was arrested on suspicion on possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. He remains in custody at the time of writing.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith from our Firearms Investigation Team said: "Although we have arrested one person in connection with this incident, extensive enquiries continue. We believe that this was a targeted attack, and want to hear from anyone who has yet to come forward.

"To fire a gun towards homes is incredibly dangerous and the occupants were left understandably shocked, and through good fortune, nobody was injured.

"We work hard alongside our communities and partners to tackle gun crime and other serious and organised crime in all our communities, which has led to decreasing numbers of incidents in the last few years.

"Information provided by those people who live in those areas affected by gun crime can make all the difference to removing those involved. So if you saw, heard or captured anything in Sundridge Street around 8.45 on Friday, please come forward and we will keep taking this positive action. Likewise, let us know if you have since heard from anyone locally what happened and who was involved."

You can contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 21000017301.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
