```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a shooting in Everton on Tuesday 12 January have arrested a man in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested in connection with shooting in Everton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/man-arrested-in-connection-with-shooting-in-everton/
title: Man arrested in connection with shooting in Everton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/man-arrested-in-connection-with-shooting-in-everton/
```

12:20 15/01/2021

**Update - Friday, 15 January**

**Detectives investigating a shooting in Everton on Tuesday 12 January have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

At 5.30pm, armed police were called to Heyworth Street, near to Everton Park, to reports of a man in his 20s having been found with a leg injury. Evidence was located to confirm that this was the result of a gunshot. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to serious but non-life threatening injuries.

A 30-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of attempt murder and possession of cannabis yesterday (Thursday, 14 January) and has since been released on conditional bail as enquiries continue.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "An investigation remains ongoing following a shooting earlier this week, which we believe took place in Everton Park, and we are still keen to hear from anyone that may be able to assist enquiries.

"Gun crime will not be tolerated by Merseyside or the communities we serve and we will continue to purse anyone involved in this serious and organised crime. Information from the public is vital in putting these individuals, who use weapons to cause fear or violence, before the courts and I would like to encourage anyone with information, who saw any suspicious behaviour in the area at the time, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 717 of 12 January.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

**

Original statement

We're appealing for information after a man was shot and injured in Everton tonight, Tuesday 12 January.

At 5.30pm, armed police were called to Heyworth Street, near to Everton Park, to reports of a man in his 20s having been been found with a leg injury. Evidence has been located to confirm that this was the result of a gunshot. The victim has been taken to hospital for assessment of his injuries, and is in a stable conditions.

Officers are at the scene to carry out house-to-house, forensic, witness and CCTV enquiries and provide a visible presence in the area, as we seek to establish the circumstances.

Detective Inspector Jennie Beck said: "We believe this man was shot in Everton Park, and are in the area gathering information now. If you saw or heard anything, or anyone making off on foot or in an vehicle, let us know or share any CCTV, dashcam or other footage.

"We understand and share the concern that our communities feel when such incidents happen nearby. Recent days have seen a number of firearms incidents in Liverpool, and some of which have already seen arrests made. Key to decreasing these incidents, as we have seen in recent years, is information from those people affected locally.

"Come forward with what you know, either directly or anonymously, and we'll take similar, positive action as we have since incidents at the weekend. Stand alongside us and we will remove those responsible and their weapons from the streets."

Anyone with information is urged to contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 717 of 12 January.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
