```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating disorder in Liverpool City Centre last month are issuing a third set of images of people we wish to speak to.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Third CCTV appeal following disorder in Liverpool City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/third-cctv-appeal-following-disorder-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Third CCTV appeal following disorder in Liverpool City Centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/third-cctv-appeal-following-disorder-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

11:39 16/07/2020

Detectives investigating disorder in Liverpool City Centre last month are issuing a third set of images of people we wish to speak to.

The photos circulated today show four males who were in the area of Victoria Street and Castle Street in the early hours of Saturday, 27 June, following the initial gathering at the Pier Head.

During this time, offences were committed including affray, disorder and criminal damage.

In recent days, six people have been arrested and remain under investigation for offences as follows:
24-year-old man from Liverpool arrested on suspicion of theft
23-year-old man from Liverpool arrested on suspicion of theft
17-year-old boy from Kirkby arrested on suspicion of affray
17-year-old boy from Kirkby arrested on suspicion of affray
19-year-old man from Kirkby arrested on suspicion of violent disorder
27-year-old woman from Kirkby arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and possession of cannabis

A further 14 men and one woman were arrested on the night and remain under investigation for violent disorder and other offences on the night of 26 June.

If you recognise anyone pictured, contact our dedicated team on Operation.Precinct@merseyside.police.uk with the photo number and details, or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

You can also send any further images and video via the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000379360.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "Thanks to everyone who has come forward so far with information. As you can see, we're identifying suspects and making arrests. More than people are now under investigation and if you recognise these or any previous images, let us know.

"We'll keep issuing these images and appeals to identify suspects and witnesses as we work our way through the evidence available to us. These particular people were in and around Victoria Street and Castle Street later on in the night after the initial Pierhead celebrations.

"We're putting resources into this investigation because a minority of people were intent on committing crime and anti-social behaviour on the night, and their actions marred the good nature of the majority, and damaged the reputation of this city. It's heartening to see the vast majority of our communities coming together to condemn such behaviour, and to assist our investigations.

"Any such gatherings put unnecessary strain on all of the emergency services at this time, put the safety of those attending at risk, and raise the chances of more lockdown measures to be reversed in certain areas, which would affect all of us who have shown patience and understanding during this pandemic.

"As Liverpool FC, Liverpool City Council and others have said: the time for public celebrations will come when it is safe to do so."

Come forward with the reference number if you know anyone pictured, let us know by emailing Operation.Precinct@merseyside.police.uk or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can also send any images and video via the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000379360.
