```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers continue to investigate a serious collision in Liverpool earlier today, Sunday, 29 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following collision involving off-road bike - Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-information-following-collision-involving-off-road-bike---liverpool/
title: Appeal for information following collision involving off-road bike - Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-for-information-following-collision-involving-off-road-bike---liverpool/
```

20:00 29/03/2020

Officers continue to investigate a serious collision in Liverpool earlier today (Sunday, 29 March).

At 12.40pm, officers were called to Otterspool Road following reports four off-road bikes were being ridden dangerously in the area, before one of them collided with a pedestrian.

Emergency services attended and the pedestrian, a woman in her 30's, was taken to hospital with serious but non-life threatening injuries to her arm and face.

The offenders, four males, made off in the direction of Jericho Lane on bikes described as red and white. At least one male was wearing a red helmet and wore a rucksack. It was also reported that one of the males produced a knife following the collision.

Following a pursuit a short time later, a 16 year-old male was detained and arrested on suspicion of unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle. He has been taken to a local police station for questioning.

Officers also recovered three off-road bikes and remain in the area to carry out enquiries.

Chief Inspector Karl Baldwin said: "One man has been arrested and we are working hard to establish his involvement in today's incident. We are carrying out extensive enquires to locate those involved in this shocking incident, including the male who is believed to have been riding the bike which collided with the pedestrian. I would ask anyone who witnessed it, saw those involved making off from the scene or has CCTV or dashcam footage from the area, to please get in touch.

"I would like to thank the members of the public that bravely tried to stop the offenders making off and helped the victim before the ambulance arrived. The reckless use of off-road bikes, especially in the current circumstances we are all facing, is unacceptable and we will not tolerate it. We will do all we can to find those responsible and put them before the courts."

Anyone with information, CCTV or dashcam footage, is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000188551 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
