```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers targeting serious and organised crime in Sefton arrested four people and recovered drugs, cash and a cannabis farm yesterday, Thursday, 11 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sefton officers recover drugs and cash following warrants in Formby and Southport
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/sefton-officers-recover-drugs-and-cash-following-warrants-in-formby-and-southport/
title: Sefton officers recover drugs and cash following warrants in Formby and Southport | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/sefton-officers-recover-drugs-and-cash-following-warrants-in-formby-and-southport/
```

13:32 12/06/2020

Officers targeting serious and organised crime in Sefton arrested four people and recovered drugs, cash and a cannabis farm yesterday, Thursday, 11 June.

Following a warrant at an address in Formby, a quantity of class A drugs, cash and a cash counter was recovered. A man and woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and have since been released under investigation.

In Southport, officers seized a cannabis farm of around 700 plants discovered at an address in Weld Road. Two males, aged 15 and 17 were arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and have been taken to a local police station for questioning.

Inspector Dave Uren said: "Yesterday's seizures have thankfully prevented a significant amount of drugs from reaching our streets and I hope this serves as a stark warning that we will continue to pursue anyone involved in the production or supply of drugs.

"Cannabis farms often create a fire and flood risk, and any drug dealing can attract serious violence as dealers use force to try to keep their illicit business going.

"Information from the public is vital in pursing those involved in serious and organised crime, and we will continue to work closely with partner agencies and Sefton residents to remove these individuals, and the misery they bring, from our communities.

If you have information on criminal activity in your area, including the production or supply of drugs, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister
