```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour in the area . It comes into place today at 1pm Friday, 7 August and will run until 3am on Sunday, 9 August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zone - Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/dispersal-zone---birkenhead/
title: Dispersal zone - Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/dispersal-zone---birkenhead/
```

13:32 07/08/2020

Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour in the area . It comes into place today at 1pm Friday, 7 August and will run until 3am on Sunday, 9 August.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour, violence and youths gathering in the area.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

The area covered by the order is show on the map, and covers:

Duke Street/ Cleveland Street/ Argyle Street/Argyle Street South/Elm Grove/Willmer Road/Balls Road East/Balls Road/Slatey Road/Park Road South/Park Road West/Ashville Road

Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "We're keenly aware of the significant impact that anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we continue to work with our partners and will be targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour in the area.

"Over the last weeks, we have been called to reports of youths gathering and bike's being ridden anti-socially and we'll continue to respond and deal with such reports. Of great concern is the increase in reports of violent crime in the area. The vast majority of people are law-abiding members of the community, and I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"We would like to thank the vast majority of our communities for continuing adhering to social distancing measures and protecting the wider community from the virus as well, as those who are continuing to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour and reporting it to us. It will make a massive difference, as the last thing anyone wants is for these hard-earned freedoms to be reduced, like in other areas.

"It has never been more important than now to ensure that we all follow government advice, in place specifically for the safety of those living in Merseyside.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to make contact."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
