```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a teenager and seized cannabis following a warrant in Fazakerley yesterday, Thursday 11 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager arrested and suspected cannabis seized following warrant in Fazakerley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/teenager-arrested-and-suspected-cannabis-seized-following-warrant-in-fazackerley/
title: Teenager arrested and suspected cannabis seized following warrant in Fazakerley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/teenager-arrested-and-suspected-cannabis-seized-following-warrant-in-fazackerley/
```

16:23 12/03/2021

We have arrested a teenager and seized suspected cannabis following a warrant in Fazakerley yesterday, Thursday 11 March.

At around 8pm, officers carried out a warrant at a home in Longmoor Lane. Within the address, packets and bottles of suspected cannabis were found, which had been made to look like sweets and drinks (pictured).

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Superintendent Lisa Mahon said: "We're pleased to have removed this significant amount of drugs from the community, and will continue to investigate this and any other similar incidents to put those responsible before the courts.

"These drugs are clearly designed to appeal to younger people, which is worrying to see. We want to highlight this as early as possible, so that all parents and carers for young people can be vigilant if coming across them. The supply of cannabis and other illegal drugs not only leads to harm to users, it attracts serious violent crime to our communities.

"Although we believe these particular packages contained cannabis, there is no way for people to be sure what other chemicals or drugs are contained, which can lead to side effects, serious illness and even death. Incidents in other areas where similar items have been seized have been found to contain other harmful chemicals, so it is incredibly dangerous to consume such things.

"If you see such drugs or have any information, come forward and we will do the rest."

If you have information about suspected storage or supply of drugs, please contact us via our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also pass information anonymously via the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
