```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers were in Sefton yesterday (27th January) carrying out an #OpTarget deployment consisting of high vis patrols, plain clothed officers and vehicle stop checks.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: You told us, we listened! Officers deploy to Sefton following public requests
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/you-told-us-we-listened-officers-deploy-to-sefton-following-public-requests/
title: You told us, we listened! Officers deploy to Sefton following public requests | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/you-told-us-we-listened-officers-deploy-to-sefton-following-public-requests/
```

13:56 28/01/2020

Officers were in Sefton yesterday (27th January) carrying out an #OpTarget deployment consisting of high vis patrols, plain clothed officers and vehicle stop checks.

Officers were briefed at 3pm that afternoon before taking to the streets with the objective of using a variety of tactics, resources and powers to tackle ASB and other criminality in the area.

During the afternoon and evening, officers carried out 36 stop searches throughout Sefton including on Albert Rd, Booth St, Stanley Rd, Linacre Rd and Marsh Ln.

In addition to this, two people were arrested for theft after two suspected stolen bikes were recovered from an address on Verdi Ave. Another man was arrested for drugs offences on Booth St.

Two others, a 21 year old man and a 29 year old woman were both arrested on suspicion of attempt murder on Aughton Rd following an incident on Boxing Day last year where a woman sustained burns at a flat in Southport. Both have since been released under investigation.

Elsewhere, plain clothed officers were also successful in arresting a 41 year old man for drugs offences after he was stop searched and found in possession of a bar of cannabis resin. A further search at an address on Stanley Rd recovered 12 more bars of cannabis resin and a number of air pistols which were seized and taken away for destruction. The occupant, a 38 year old woman, was consequently arrested.

A stolen Ford Focus and a Ford Transit were seized from the Bootle area and are awaiting their return to their owners.

Chief inspector Steve Brizell said "These deployments happen as a direct result from information and concerns that you have shared with us.

"In an evaluation survey issued on our social media accounts, we asked you questions including: Are there key locations you would like us to target? and you said where so that is where we went. These locations included areas in Southport, Netherton and Bootle including parks, alleyways and housing estates.

"We want to do all we can to keep you safe and we will continue carrying out these deployments on a regular basis to ensure those involved in crime are taken off our streets and our communities can live peacefully and free from fear."

Anyone that would like to more information about #OpTarget, please visit our website. For those that wish to report a crime, please call 101, contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously or DM @MerPolCC.
