```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We appeared on Crimewatch Roadshow this morning, Monday 7th September, as part of our continued appeal for information into the murder of Colin Hughes 10 years ago.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal into murder of Colin Hughes in Old Swan 10 years ago
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-into-murder-of-colin-hughes-in-old-swan-10-years-ago/
title: Continued appeal into murder of Colin Hughes in Old Swan 10 years ago | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-into-murder-of-colin-hughes-in-old-swan-10-years-ago/
```

09:40 07/09/2020

We appeared on Crimewatch Roadshow this morning, Monday 7th September, as part of our continued appeal for information into the murder of Colin Hughes 10 years ago.

The 42-year-old dad of one was fatally stabbed at his home address on Baden Road in Old Swan on September 21, 2010.

Emergency services were called to the house shortly before 1am following reports that Mr Hughes had been stabbed. He was taken to hospital for treatment but unfortunately died as a result of a single stab wound to his chest.

Detectives arrested ten people on suspicion of his murder all of whom were released without charge.

Officers are keen to trace a white male, 5ft 10 in tall, of slim build, wearing a dark coloured tracksuit, who was seen in the alleyway behind Mr Hughes' home just prior to his death.

They also want to speak to the occupants of a dark coloured hatchback who spoke to Mr Hughes outside his home about 8.30pm the previous night.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Baker said: "It's nearly 10 years since Colin Hughes was murdered at his home address in Old Swan and we remain determined to find those responsible and allow his family to finally have some closure.

"We know that loyalties change over time and I would hope that anyone with information can find the courage to come forward to tell us what they know. We understand that people are sometimes reluctant to come forward in the aftermath of such a serious crime as this.

"I would like to take this opportunity to appeal once again to the community for their help with the investigation and would urge anyone with information to come forward either directly to the force or anonymously through Crimestoppers in the strictest of confidence. No matter how small the piece of information is, it may prove vital to the investigation.

"We are committed to finding those responsible for the death of Mr Hughes and bringing them to justice for this crime, which has deeply affected so many lives."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Merseyside Police on 0151 777 8449, @MerPolCC, 101, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously with crime reference 19100038615.
