```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a non-injury discharge in Kirkby yesterday, Monday, 6 January 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following firearms discharge in Windermere Drive Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-firearms-discharge-in-windermere-drive-kirkby2/
title: Appeal following firearms discharge in Windermere Drive Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-firearms-discharge-in-windermere-drive-kirkby2/
```

18:40 07/01/2020

We are appealing for information following a non-injury discharge in Kirkby yesterday, Monday, 6 January 2020.

Police were called to Windermere Drive just before 6.25pm to a report damage had been caused to the front door of a house that was occupied at the time.

Police attended and confirmed the damage is consistent with a shotgun discharge.

It is believed two mopeds or bikes had been seen in the area - possibly carrying the offenders - before they made off from the scene in the direction of Kirkby town centre.

There were no reports anyone was injured during the incident.

House to house enquiries are underway and officers will be looking at CCTV from the area in a bid to identify the offenders.

As a direct result a Section 60 order has been authorised in Kirkby to run from 2pm today (7/1/20) until 2am tomorrow (8/1/20). It gives officers enhanced stop and search powers in the area to help prevent serious violence.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "It is totally unacceptable to use firearms recklessly in a residential area and we are doing all we can to find those responsible. We can only find the offenders with the help of our community and we ask anyone with information to speak to us and help us keep firearms out of our neighbourhoods.

"We have also put additional patrols on the streets to reassure the local community that we are doing all we can to make our neighbourhoods safer.

"I understand that people will be concerned and may be too frightened to speak directly to us, if this is the case then please give information anonymously through Crimestoppers.

"Any information may help us, no matter how small it is so please help us identify those responsible."

You can contact us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 766 of 6 January, or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
