```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured while responding to an incident on Friday, 7 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after brick is thrown through police car injuring officer
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-witnesses-after-brick-is-thrown-through-police-car-injuring-officer/
title: Appeal for witnesses after brick is thrown through police car injuring officer | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-witnesses-after-brick-is-thrown-through-police-car-injuring-officer/
```

11:29 10/02/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured while responding to an incident on Friday, 7 February.

Shortly before 3pm, an officer in a marked police car was travelling on Speke Road, near the junction with Horrocks Avenue when two males on an orange and black off-road bike approached the car and threw a brick through the rear windscreen.

The brick hit the officer, causing a non-life threatening head injury and the males on the bike made off in the direction of Lowbridge Court. The officer was taken to hospital for assessment.

CCTV, forensic and witness enquiries are ongoing and detectives are appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Debbie Tipton said: "To be the victim of such an incident while going about your job is disgraceful and we are carrying out a number of enquires to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"The reckless actions of these individuals could've had tragic consequences and it is only by sheer good luck that the officer involved wasn't more seriously injured. Emergency Services are on duty to assist members of the public every hour of every day and it is simply unacceptable for them to be subject to such behaviour.

"An investigation is ongoing and I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, saw a scrambler bike making off from the scene, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch."

If you have any information, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000082569 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
