```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Merseyside Police have last week obtained a gang injunction against a 17 year old boy.


    The injunction states various conditions including not associating with other named individuals and has restricted his entry into certain parts of Liverpool until Feb 2021.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: First Juvenile Gang Injunction obtained by Merseyside Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/first-juvenile-gang-injunction-obtained-by-merseyside-police/
title: First Juvenile Gang Injunction obtained by Merseyside Police | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/first-juvenile-gang-injunction-obtained-by-merseyside-police/
```

11:35 02/03/2020

Merseyside Police have last week obtained a gang injunction against a 17 year old boy.

The injunction states various conditions including not associating with other named individuals and has restricted his entry into certain parts of Liverpool until Feb 2021.

This form of intervention was supported by the local authority and youth offending teams with the intention to steer him away from gang-related activity.

Inspector David Uren said "We know more established gang members seek young people who might be vulnerable to do their dirty work and we can't let this continue. Therefore, Gang Injunctions are a great tool in preventing criminality in any given area and restricting the growth of gang networks.

"This is the first Juvenile Gang Injunction sought by Merseyside Police and I am pleased this young person has been removed from this gang culture and hopefully takes the opportunity to seek a more positive future."

Within the last two years we have successfully obtained gang injunctions against 29 people (across 8 different gangs). 13 of these have been breached (relating to 40 separate breach proceedings) which has consequently resulted in 1110 days of immediate imprisonment. A further 218 days of imprisonment are currently suspended against three gang members.

Inspector Uren continued "It is simply not acceptable for people of any age to torment others. Therefore restrictions need to be given and these are policed rigorously meaning that should they be breached, individuals will be faced with serious consequences.

"Being in a gang, causing crime and making others scared is wrong and I would encourage all members of the public to come forward with information on those involved in crime.

"I would also like to thank the public who continually work with us to provide us with information on those acting illegally and also thanks to the officers and support from our partner agencies. This really has been a collective effort and goes to show that anyone who is causing distress in our communities will be brought to justice." #OpTarget
