```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a 17-year-old male was assaulted in Birkenhead on Saturday evening (21 March).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after male slashed in Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-after-male-slashed-in-birkenhead/
title: Appeal after male slashed in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-after-male-slashed-in-birkenhead/
```

14:12 23/03/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after a 17-year-old male was assaulted in Bebington on Saturday evening (21 March).

It was reported that just after 9.40pm, the 17-year-old victim was slashed in the stomach near an alleyway on Jackson Close after being approached by six males.

He sustained a slash wound and was taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment, and later discharged.

Officers attended and conducted house to house enquiries, and checked CCTV footage in the area. Further enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of the incident and identify who was responsible.

Detective Inspector Laura Lamping said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who was near Jackson Close or in the Woodland Road area of Birkenhead at around 9.30-9.45 on Saturday who may have seen or heard anything suspicious.

"If you have dashcam and were driving in the area at the time, please take a look and check if you have captured anything significant, in particular a group of around six males, and let us know.

"Your information or evidence could prove vital as we try to find and bring to justice those involved."

Det Insp Laura Lamping added: "We know Birkenhead and surrounding areas has experienced issues with violence in recent weeks and months, which is why we have undertaken a number of Operation Target activities, including a day of action last week when we executed a drugs warrants, making arrests and seizing drugs and cash.

"The community policing team patrolled a number of roads, speaking to residents about their concerns, and there were roadside operations aimed at disrupting criminals as they move around the area.

"We had Travelsafe PCSOs deployed on buses, and officers were at train stations with knife arches. Another used the quad bike to patrol harder to reach areas in the North End of Birkenhead.

"Officers spoke to residents at The Mobile Police Station and a number of blades were recovered with the help of Wirral Archaeology and their metal detectors.

"We are determined to make the streets of Birkenhead safer, so this type of activity will continue. We will not stop arresting people we suspect are carrying and using knives to cause harm in the communities we are proud to serve, and will be out every day to protect the public.

"My message to anyone thinking of taking a knife on the streets is simple - it's not worth it. The chances are you yourself will come to harm, and when you are caught you will find yourself in prison. It really isn't worth the risk."

Anyone with information or dashcam or CCTV footage is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000175995, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
