```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are today, Tuesday 2nd June, continuing to appeal for information into the fatal shooting of Toxteth teenager Yusuf Sonko three years after his death.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information on third anniversary of death of Toxteth teenager Yusef Sonko
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-on-third-anniversary-of-death-of-toxteth-teenager-yusuf-sonko/
title: Appeal for information on third anniversary of death of Toxteth teenager Yusef Sonko | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-on-third-anniversary-of-death-of-toxteth-teenager-yusuf-sonko/
```

09:52 02/06/2020

We are today, Tuesday 2nd June, continuing to appeal for information into the fatal shooting of Toxteth teenager Yusuf Sonko three years after his death.

At around 8.30pm on Friday, 2 June 2017, a report was received from officers on patrol of a man being found injured on Tagus Street, at the back of the shops on Lodge Lane.

Emergency services arrived at the scene and found 18-year-old Yusuf. The teenager was taken to hospital where he died a short while later.

A number of men have been arrested and remain under investigation in connection with the murder, but detectives are urging anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to us to come forward and assist.

We still want to speak to Jason Curry (below) who we believe could assist with our enquiries.

A £20,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of those responsible for Yusuf's death also remains in place.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Baker said: "June 2nd is a date that will remain in the hearts and minds of Yusuf's family forever, for that is the day when Yusuf was so tragically taken away from them.

"Today is the third anniversary of his death and the family have still not been able to get answers to allow them to properly grieve their loss and finally move on with their lives.

"Time is never a barrier to bringing someone to justice. We still believe that someone in the L8 or wider Liverpool community knows who is responsible for Yusuf's death and I am appealing to them directly to come forward. They can either speak to the investigation team or if they prefer they can speak to Crimestoppers in confidence and independently of the police.

"Our extensive enquiries continue day-to-day and a number of arrests have been made and people remain under investigation.

"We have previously appealed for Jason Curry to contact us and today I want to emphasise that we still need to speak to him, and will continue to do so. We believe that Jason, who also frequents Wrexham in North Wales and Cumbria, may have important information which could help us with our investigation and I would urge him, or anyone who knows of his whereabouts, to contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw anything suspicious is urged to contact our gun crime hotline on 0800 230 0600 or leave information anonymously and for free with Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can also use their online form anonymously: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information-online.
