```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Yesterday officers took to the streets in Knowsley as part of our continued efforts to tackle serious violence in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Multiple arrests following day of action in Knowsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/multiple-arrests-following-day-of-action-in-knowsley/
title: Multiple arrests following day of action in Knowsley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/multiple-arrests-following-day-of-action-in-knowsley/
```

14:55 28/05/2020

Yesterday (27th May) officers took to the streets in Knowsley as part of our continued efforts to tackle serious violence in the area.

During the day, 40 stop searches were carried out, a number of people were arrested and a number of others were identified as suspects for drugs offences, money laundering and possession of criminal property.

Along with this, officers teamed up with Lancashire Police to conduct open land searches in Kirkby.

A firearms warrant was carried out at an address on Elstead Street, Kirkby. During the search of the property, officers found a large amount of cash, cannabis and drugs paraphernalia as well as a Kawasaki scrambler bike suspected as being stolen. A 21 year old woman and an 18 year old man were arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs and possession of criminal property.

A second warrant took place at Alamore House, Huyton following investigations into the drugs supply operating between Liverpool and Yorkshire areas.

During a search of the flat, officers found a number of phones, cannabis and suspected cocaine. Two men aged 21 and 25, who were also located inside were arrested for multiple drugs offences and taken to custody for questioning. It later transpired that the 25 year old man was also wanted on two no bail warrants and was consequently charged for these offences.

Following this, three men, all in their late 30s, were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and money laundering after the car they were in was seen driving at speed on Aylton Road, Huyton.

The car was stopped and checked where inside officers found a large amount of cash hidden in the passenger foot well and after further checks the car was suspected as being stolen. All three were taken to custody for questioning.

Inspector Jon Coote said: "We are continuing to use a variety of tactics during these deployments and are adapting our policing styles to meet current demands and keep the public and ourselves safe.

"Yesterday shows the fantastic results achieved by proactive policing and I am sure the community welcome officers patrolling our streets as well as removing those involved in criminality."

The activity didn't stop there - later on yesterday evening, officers were deployed to Caddick Road in Knowsley to carry out the third warrant of the day.

Inside the unit, officers found around 300 cannabis plants and arrested a 33 year old man on suspicion of cannabis cultivation.

Insp Coote continued: "We know that restrictions in place currently are making it hard for people to go about their normal day-to-day lives so we want to thank the vast majority of you who are acting safely and sensibly. However, those who are continuing to exploit vulnerable people, actively grow and distribute drugs, steal property, commit serious violence or get involved in other criminal activity should be warned - we are continuing to proactively police our streets, bring offenders to justice and protect the wider public."

Let us know what you think about these days of action, your concerns and what we could focus on in the future by completing this short survey https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/Z3WLGHS \- your feedback is extremely helpful and assists with future deployments. #OpTarget
