```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police have today (Monday, 30 September) welcomed the sentencing of a 42 year old man after he pleaded guilty to 12 counts of various sexual offences, including sexual activity with a child and offences relating to indecent images of children.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to eight years and three months behind bars for sexual offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/man-sentenced-to-eight-years-and-three-months-behind-bars-for-sexual-offences/
title: Man sentenced to eight years and three months behind bars for sexual offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/september/man-sentenced-to-eight-years-and-three-months-behind-bars-for-sexual-offences/
```

08:48 02/10/2019

Merseyside Police have today (Monday, 30 September) welcomed the sentencing of a 42 year old man after he pleaded guilty to 12 counts of various sexual offences, including sexual activity with a child and offences relating to indecent images of children.

Police launched an investigation into Gary Hoy, 42, of Britonside Ave, Kirkby who was identified as possessing indecent images of children and upon investigating these offences, detectives discovered he had committed sexual offences against a child who was aged just 14 at the time.

He was charged and remanded in custody. Today, Hoy appeared at Liverpool Crown Court where he was sentenced to eight years and three months in prison.

Detective Inspector Leanne Hobin said "Hoy is a vile human being who manipulated a child into engaging in sexual activity with him, something that can never be forgiven or excused.

"We are dedicated to safeguarding young people and Hoy's offences only amplifies the importance of the measures we have in place to ensure vulnerable people, particularly when they are underage, do not come to harm at the hands of people like him.

"I really hope this result gives the victim some closure and allows her to put this ordeal behind her. Hoy should also take this time in prison to reflect on his actions and realise the long lasting emotional damages he has undoubtedly inflicted on this young girl.

"Anyone that has been a victim of a similar sexual offence, is concerned for the safety of someone they know or suspects someone to be engaging in this criminal activity, should come forward and speak to us. We have a team of dedicated staff who will expertly and compassionately deal with your reports and we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice."

Anyone with information or wants to report a sexual offence is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
