```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured in Netherton last night, Monday, 15 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after man found seriously injured - Netherton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/appeal-for-information-after-man-found-seriously-injuried---netherton/
title: Appeal for information after man found seriously injured - Netherton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/appeal-for-information-after-man-found-seriously-injuried---netherton/
```

11:34 16/06/2020

We are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured in Netherton last night, Monday, 15 June.

It was reported that at around 7.45pm, a 51-year-old man had been seen walking along Park Lane West, before collapsing by the Park Lane Filling Station.

The Ambulance service attended and he was taken to hospital where he was found to have sustained a serious head injury. He remains in hospital in a critical condition.

An investigation is underway to establish the full circumstances and detectives are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Cat Walsh said: "At this stage it is unclear how this man came to sustain his injuries and we are carrying out a number of enquiries to establish what happened, and whether any criminality was involved.

"He was found at around 7.45pm, when it was still light outside and on a fairly busy residential street, where there would've potentially been a number of vehicles and people around.

"I would ask anyone who was in the area at the time, who remembers seeing a man walking in the direction of the Filling Station, to please get in touch. Maybe you have dashcam footage, or live in the area and have CCTV footage or remember him walking past your house, and I would ask you to please think back and let us know if you have any information so we can find out what happened."

If you have information, CCTV or dashcam footage, please get in touch by contacting the Social Media Desk via @MerPolCC or 101 quoting ref. 20000348903. Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
