```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses following a collision in Netherton this afternoon, Thursday, 1 October."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following serious collision - Glovers Lane, Netherton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision---glovers-lane-netherton/
title: Witness appeal following serious collision - Glovers Lane, Netherton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision---glovers-lane-netherton/
```

17:18 01/10/2020

We're appealing for witnesses following a collision in Netherton this afternoon, Thursday, 1 October.

At around 2.50pm, it was reported that three males were riding scrambler bikes in the area, before one collided with a pedestrian on Glovers Lane, near the junction with Eden Vale.

Emergency services attended and the pedestrian, a 29-year-old woman, has been taken to hospital for treatment to a serious head injury.

The rider of the bike involved in the collision, which is described as green and white, is reported to have made off in the direction of Buckley Hill. The two other bikes are believed to have made off in the direction of Marian Square.

Road closures are in place and an investigation is underway. Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information is asked to get in touch.

Roads Policing Sergeant Mat Shaw said: "A young woman has been left seriously injured following a collision in Bootle this afternoon and we are carrying out CCTV and witness enquiries in the area to establish the full circumstances.

"We believe the bikes were being ridden in a dangerous and anti-social way in the area for a period of time before the collision and would ask anyone witnessed the collision, saw the bikes in the area before or after, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch.

"The anti-social and criminal use of off-road bikes is unacceptable and we will continue to work to locate and seize nuisance bikes and pursue those involved in their use."

If you have information, CCTV or dashcam footage, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000594313 or the Roads Policing Unit on 0151 777 5747. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
