```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Three men have been jailed today (Tuesday 22 December) for a total of 39 years, eight months years in connection with a shooting in Bootle in September 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three jailed for nearly 40 years after Bootle shooting
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-jailed-for-nearly-40-years-after-bootle-shooting/
title: Three jailed for nearly 40 years after Bootle shooting | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/three-jailed-for-nearly-40-years-after-bootle-shooting/
```

15:55 22/12/2020

**_Darren Russell, Simeon Pike and Thomas Jennings (left to right)_**

Three men have been jailed today (Tuesday 22 December) for a total of 39 years, eight months years in connection with a shooting in Bootle in September 2019.

Shortly after 9.10pm on Saturday 21 September 2019, officers were called to Markfield Road where it was discovered the window of a house and the wall of another had been damaged by two bullets.

An investigation was launched and it was established the shooting had happened on nearby Stanley Road.

Following enquiries, the firearm (pictured) believed to have been used in the incident was recovered from an address on Minto Close, Kensington in October 2019.

As a result of the investigation, the following three men were arrested and charged, and were today sentenced in connection with the incident:

• Darren Jamie Russell, 23, of no fixed address was sentenced to 20 years in prison plus an extended licence of four years on licence for possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life and encouraging or assisting offenses believing one or more will be committed - Section 45 Serious Crime Act

• Simeon Eric Pike, 25, of Singleton Drive, Knowsley was sentenced to 12 years in prison for possession of a Firearm with intent to endanger life

• Thomas Jennings, 26, of Alexander Walk, Liverpool, HMP Berwyn was sentenced to seven years, eight months in prison for transferring a prohibited weapon. He was already in prison serving a seven years six months sentence for firearm possession.

Detective Inspector Paul Gillies said: "We have got to today's sentencing thanks to the hard work of officers who forensically examined the scene and the weapon, spoke to witnesses, studied CCTV and gathered intelligence to help convict those involved.

"This investigation has not only resulted in offenders being brought to justice, to has removed a dangerous weapon from the streets of Merseyside.

"This result shows that Merseyside Police will use all resources available to pursue anyone who chooses to endanger the public of Merseyside by firing weapons in the street, or anyone who possesses and stores weapons capable of causing serious injury or worse.

"I hope the three offenders spend the significant length of time they will now spend in prison reflecting on the severity of their actions.

"While this was a targeted shooting, the damage caused to nearby homes illustrates the fact that whenever a gun is discharged in a residential area, it has the potential to bring serious harm to people not involved in whatever dispute those involved may be having.

"Thankfully while it caused great alarm and distress to those residents, no bystanders were hurt. But our work targeting those who choose to mind, store and use dangerous weapons is relentless, and if you have any information or suspicions, come forward and we will continue to take positive action on all information provided."
