```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Officers from the force\u2019s Project Medusa have today (Wednesday, 24 February) arrested seven people as part of an investigation into County Lines drug dealing in the West Mercia and Cheshire areas."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven arrested following County Lines raids in Speke
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/seven-arrested-following-county-lines-raids-in-speke/
title: Seven arrested following County Lines raids in Speke | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/seven-arrested-following-county-lines-raids-in-speke/
```

16:22 24/02/2021

Officers from the force's Project Medusa have today (Wednesday, 24 February) arrested seven people as part of an investigation into County Lines drug dealing in the Shropshire and Cheshire areas.

Officers executed two warrants in the Speke area and arrested the following on suspicion of being concerned in an offer to supply Class A.

A 27-year-old man from Speke
A 32-year-old woman from Speke
A 52-year-old woman from Speke
A 21-year-old man from Toxteth
A 28-year-old man from Speke
A 19-year-old woman from Widnes
A 57-year-old man from Widnes

All have been taken to police stations on Merseyside where they will be questioned.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "Today's warrants and arrests are just one example of the activity Project Medusa is carrying out day in, day out on our streets to tackle the organised criminal gangs, involved in County Lines drug dealing.

"The force's Project Medusa, which consists of different types of operational activity, continues to use a variety of tactics, including working in partnership with other forces, to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down these OCGs.

"Those involved in County Lines, blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground, often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence.

"Ultimately everyone should be warned that if you get involved in crime, you risk facing the consequences. But when we identify vulnerable, exploited people during our enquiries, we ensure they are treated with sensitivity and understanding, and are offered the appropriate support. Our primary target is those who seek to use them for their own selfish gain."

If you have any information about County Lines activity in your area DM @MerPolCC or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always call 999.
