```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have today, Wednesday 2nd October, welcomed the sentencing of a 19-year-old man after he was found guilty of supplying drugs to a 14-year-old Wirral schoolgirl who later died.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Connor Parrish sentenced to four years detention after supplying drugs to 14-year-old Wirral schoolgirl
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/connor-parrish-sentenced-to-four-years-detention-after-supplying-drugs-to-14-year-old-wirral-schoolgirl/
title: Connor Parrish sentenced to four years detention after supplying drugs to 14-year-old Wirral schoolgirl | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/connor-parrish-sentenced-to-four-years-detention-after-supplying-drugs-to-14-year-old-wirral-schoolgirl/
```

16:08 02/10/2019

We have today, Wednesday 2nd October, welcomed the sentencing of a 19-year-old man after he was found guilty of supplying drugs to a 14 year-old Wirral schoolgirl who later died.

Bethany Devlin-McCrone, from Greasby, died on 25th July 2018 after taking controlled drugs in the bedroom of her Greasby home.

Connor Parrish, of Cobden Avenue, Tranmere, was found guilty of supplying cocaine and MDMA and possession of Class A and B drugs.

Today, Wednesday 2nd October, at Liverpool Crown Court he was sentenced to a total of four years detention.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "This was a terribly tragic and shocking incident which resulted in the death of Bethany at just 14 years of age.

"The loss of Bethany has had a devastating effect on her family and friends and no sentence, however long, can ever bring her back.

"I hope that the sentence Parrish received will means he spends a considerable amount of time reflecting on the consequences of his actions.

"I also want people to think carefully before they consider taking drugs - it is not only illegal to buy and sell drugs, but taking illegal substances can also be very dangerous and potentially fatal. People taking these drugs don't know what's in them, where they've come from or what effects they may have.

"We know that children sometimes use and share drugs, largely because they are afraid of taking them on their own, but they need to understand that by passing a Class A drug on to another child amounts to supplying.

"Other children also take them through peer pressure and parents need to reassure their children that it is the right thing to say 'no' and resist this pressure as we wouldn't want another family to go through what Bethany's family have been through."

Anyone with any information about the supply of illegal drugs should contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. For further information about drug use and abuse call FRANK on 0300 123 600.
