```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that two men have today, Monday 11th November, been jailed for life for the attempted murder of a man in Waterloo last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed for life for attempted murder in Waterloo last year
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-men-jailed-for-life-for-attempted-murder-in-waterloo-last-year/
title: Two men jailed for life for attempted murder in Waterloo last year | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/two-men-jailed-for-life-for-attempted-murder-in-waterloo-last-year/
```

15:14 11/11/2019

We can confirm that two men have today, Monday 11th November, been jailed for life for the attempted murder of a man in Waterloo last year.

Officers were called to reports of a disturbance at a first floor flat on Willoughby Road on 9th November 2018 and found a 25 year-old man who had suffered extensive burns and stab wounds to his head and body.

Stanley McBrien, 24 years, of Wembley Road, Crosby, admitted attempted murder and will serve 12 years.

Edward Crompton, 25, of Bowland Drive, Litherland, was found guilty of attempted murder after a trial and will serve 15 years.

Crompton's partner Kayleigh Brett, 27, of Oakdale Road, Waterloo, pleaded guilty to assisting an offender by sheltering Crompton in the aftermath of the incident and was sentenced to 22 months, suspended for two years.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "A young man was left with life-changing injuries because of the actions of McBrien and Crompton on that night. Their attack was totally unjustified and could have had fatal consequences.

"This has been a long and difficult investigation. At its peak there were over 30 police officers and staff conducting enquiries and search warrants across the borough and the investigation - from the original attack to the arrest of Stanley McBrien - has involved thousands of hours of painstaking investigative work and the gathering of witness statements and forensic and CCTV evidence.

"I am pleased that McBrien and Crompton have now received substantial prison sentences for their actions.

"Their victim was very lucky and I hope that knowing this pair are behind bars for the foreseeable future will help him to start to move on with his life.

"I would like to once again thank the investigation team and the Crown Prosecution Service for their work in bringing this case to court and reassure the public that Merseyside Police is relentless in the pursuit of those who carry out acts of serious violence and we will do everything within our powers to find the people responsible and bring them to justice."
