```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have introduced a Dispersal Zone in South Liverpool today, Wednesday 17 March, following large gatherings in Sefton Park earlier today in breach of Covid-19 regulations.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 34 Dispersal Zone introduced in South Liverpool following earlier large gatherings in Sefton Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/section-34-dispersal-zone-introduced-in-south-liverpool-following-earlier-large-gatherings-in-sefton-park/
title: Section 34 Dispersal Zone introduced in South Liverpool following earlier large gatherings in Sefton Park | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/section-34-dispersal-zone-introduced-in-south-liverpool-following-earlier-large-gatherings-in-sefton-park/
```

18:27 17/03/2021

We have introduced a Dispersal Zone in South Liverpool today, Wednesday 17 March, following large gatherings in Sefton Park earlier today in breach of Covid-19 regulations.

The order runs from 6pm today until 6am on Thursday 18 March and officers will be in the area to provide a visible presence and deal with any incidents.

The Dispersal Zone covers the area bounded in the map and includes Sefton Park, Princes Park, Greenbank Park, Toxteth Park Cemetery and the surrounding area.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area and not return for up to 48 hours.

Under the legislation, officers have the power to seize any item, including vehicles, used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

Superintendent Mark Wiggins said: "We have already dispersed groups of people who chose irresponsibly to ignore Covid regulations and the dispersal order introduced this evening helps us to prevent similar issues from recurring.

"This Dispersal Zone is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business, but an appropriate response to the gatherings we saw in the park this afternoon which involved a large number of irresponsible individuals gathering in large groups and who took no account of the health implications to others from the current pandemic. This will not be tolerated by Merseyside Police."

Anyone who wishes to report breaches of Covid-19 regulations, anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact us at @MerpolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency.
