```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man on suspicion of murder following a fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village on Thursday evening (12 November 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested on suspicion of murder following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Man arrested on suspicion of murder following fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-fatal-shooting-in-stockbridge-village/
```

11:07 13/11/2020

We have arrested a man on suspicion of murder following a fatal shooting in Stockbridge Village on Thursday evening (12 November 2020).

Emergency Services were called to Boode Croft at about 6.30pm following reports that a man had been shot.

When officers arrived at the scene they found the victim, a 19-year-old local man, who was suffering from a serious gunshot wound.

Paramedics provided CPR at the scene, but sadly they were unable to save the victim.

The area has been cordoned off whilst forensic examinations are conducted.

House-to-house enquiries have been carried out and high visibility patrols have been stepped up in the area to reassure the local community.

A Home Office post mortem will be carried out to establish the cause of death, and the victim's next of kin have been informed.

Following enquiries, a 33-year-old man from Huyton was arrested this morning (Friday 13 November) on suspicion of murder and taken into custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Cath Haggerty said: "A young man lost his life in tragic circumstances last night, and our thoughts turn to the family and friends left behind who will be mourning his loss this morning.

"Our investigation is already making good progress and we have made an arrest today. Enquiries continue to establish the motive behind this attack, and identify all those involved.

"This was a callous attack carried out on a residential street which has brought tragedy to the heart of a community in Merseyside, and we will leave no stone unturned in our efforts to bring those responsible to justice.

"There is no place in Merseyside for firearms, and anyone who stores them or uses them to cause fear, injury or worse are not welcome here.

"While we proactively conduct warrants, land searches, stop checks and arrests all year round to stop people carrying weapons on our streets and have seen a reduction in discharges this year, we need members of the public to come forward with information too so we can keep those streets safe.

"I would urge anyone who saw anything or who has any information which could help us with our enquiries to contact us urgently. You may not think that the information you have is significant but it could help us with our enquiries."

Anyone who has any information which could help detectives with their inquiries is asked to contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' quoting the reference number 20000688863.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
