```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a knifepoint robbery in St Helens on Wednesday (17 June).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after knifepoint robbery in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-after-knifepoint-robbery-in-st-helens/
title: Appeal after knifepoint robbery in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-after-knifepoint-robbery-in-st-helens/
```

09:06 23/06/2020

We are appealing for information after a knifepoint robbery in St Helens on Wednesday (17 June).

At about 7.20pm, it was reported a woman in her 20s walking through St Helens town centre was followed by a male down Shaw Street, along Chalon Way East and down Salisbury Street

On the approach to the Steve Prescott Bridge, the man shouted for the woman's attention and demanded she hand over cash, a mobile phone and her backpack.

The man then produced a kitchen knife and took the victim's purple backpack and phone, running away in the direction of St Helens Chambers. It is believed he discarded the rucksack a short time later, and removed a surgical face mask and hood he was wearing at the time of the offence.

A man came to aid of the victim shortly after the attack, known only as 'James', who was wearing a hat and green coat. We would like to trace the man as he too could have information that could help the investigation. He is believed to be called James, and was wearing a hat and green coat.

The suspect is described as a white man in his early 20s, of slim build, and approximately 5ft 8in tall. He was wearing black hiking trousers, a light grey hooded top and a blue jacket. At the time of the robbery, the suspect had his hood up and was wearing a surgical face mask. He is also described as having a very distinctive walk.

Detective Constable Lauren Bott said: "Thankfully the victim in this incident was not physically hurt, but was left extremely shaken by the ordeal she was put through by this offender.

"We would like to hear from anyone who may have information on this incident, or who recognises the description of the offender as someone they know.

"We continue to work proactively to educate people of all ages, make arrests and seize weapons to prevent others from being put through ordeals such as this involving the use of knives.

"You can help us by telling us where knives are stored and who is carrying them. We will take all reports seriously and take action to make our streets safer."

Anyone with information on this robbery or knife crime is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000353300, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
