```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of two men to a total of 26 years in prison today (Friday 12 March 2021) following an assault in Tarbock Green last July.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men from Liverpool jailed for 26 years for serious assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/two-men-from-liverpool-jailed-for-26-years-for-serious-assault/
title: Two men from Liverpool jailed for 26 years for serious assault | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/two-men-from-liverpool-jailed-for-26-years-for-serious-assault/
```

15:15 12/03/2021

We are welcoming the sentencing of two men to a total of 26 years in prison today (Friday 12 March 2021) following an assault in Tarbock Green last July.

Paul Dunn, 33, of Andover Way, Halewood was sentenced today at Liverpool Crown Court. He received a total of 14 years in prison for grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of an offensive weapon.

Anthony Graham, 53, of West Derby Road, Tuebrook, was jailed for 12 years in prison for grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of an offensive weapon.

At around 7.20am on 26 July 2020, officers were alerted to an incident on Ox Lane, Tarbock Green, where a man in his 70s was reportedly threatened with a knife by Paul Dunn.

Then victim had gone to investigate a report men hunting with dogs had trespassed onto private land. He located Dunn and informed him the land was private and asked him to leave.

He refused and became abusive and threatening, so the victim walked away.

Soon after, Anthony Graham drove a Citroen Picasso at speed towards him before Dunn and Graham got out of the car and attacked the man with a sickle, a hammer, and a garden spade, leaving him with head injuries and a broken forearm.

Officers arrived at the scene and arrested both men on suspicion of attempted murder and they were later charged.

Detective Constable Roy Bromilow said: "This was a sickening attack on a man who had simply asked the offenders to leave private property, where they had absolutely no right to be.

"They chose to very quickly escalate the argument to the point where they used serious violence, with dangerous weapons, and left the victim with very serious injuries.

"It is right that this shocking display of violence has been punished in the courts, and that these dangerous men have been taken off the streets.

"I hope they use the time in custody to reflect on their behaviour, and the significant impact it has had on their victim."
