```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers seized cannabis plants during a drugs search warrant in Thatto Heath yesterday (Monday 7 December), following intelligence of a suspected cannabis farm.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis farm found in Thatto Heath
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/cannabis-farm-found-in-thatto-heath/
title: Cannabis farm found in Thatto Heath | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/cannabis-farm-found-in-thatto-heath/
```

15:28 08/12/2020

Officers seized cannabis plants during a drugs search warrant in Thatto Heath yesterday (Monday 7 December), following intelligence of a suspected cannabis farm.

The warrant took place at around 10pm where a total of 15 plants and growing equipment were seized by officers.

The property has been made safe and enquiries are ongoing.

A 35-year-old man from St Helens voluntarily attended for interview in connection with the matter today (Tuesday).

St Helens Targeted Policing Inspector Rob Budden said: "We will not tolerate criminals bringing the risks posed by cannabis farms into the heart of our communities in Merseyside.

"Cannabis farms grown in residential, business or other locations cause a substantial risk of fire and flood. We know that organised crime groups are involved in their production and further harm can be caused to communities from associated violent disputes.

"The identification, dismantling and making safe of cannabis farms is absolutely vital to make local people feel safe and we'll continue to respond to information provided on all similar premises.

"Anyone with any further information which may be connected to our search on Freemantle Avenue please get in touch by contacting @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting reference 20000744471."

A video in which explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown near where you live can be found here - https://youtu.be/rc59i2dsZHM

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more suspicious

If you have any information about suspected drug production in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
