```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for information after a man was left critical following a stabbing in Liverpool city centre in the early hours of today (Sunday 1 March 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for footage after city centre stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-appeal-for-footage-after-city-centre-stabbing/
title: Detectives appeal for footage after city centre stabbing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-appeal-for-footage-after-city-centre-stabbing/
```

15:13 01/03/2020

We are continuing to appeal for information after a man was left critical following a stabbing in Liverpool city centre in the early hours of today (Sunday 1 March 2020).

Detectives are asking anyone who was in the area of Church Street at around 4am and may have any camera phone footage of any part of the incident to direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter or call 101.

It was reported a group of men had been seen fighting close to River Island on Church Street at that time, and a 19-year-old man sustained a stab wound to the chest during the incident. He is critical but stable in hospital. A second 19-year-old man who was cut to the face was treated in hospital and later discharged.

A 20-year-old man from Kirkdale, was arrested near the scene on suspicion of two counts of Section 18 assault, possession of a bladed article and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs (MDMA). He has been discharged from hospital after suffering a medical episode and is being questioned at a police station.

A small knife has been recovered from the scene and has been taken for forensic examination, while a cordon set up on Church Street has now been lifted.

Detective Inspector Sabi Kaur said: "During CCTV enquiries and forensic examination of the scene, we have made significant progress with this investigation, and are in the process of questioning a man on suspicion of involvement.

"But we are appealing to any members of the public who may have seen or even captured on camera any part of this incident to contact police. You may have information or evidence that could prove a vital part of our efforts to piece together what happened and who is responsible, and help us bring the perpetrator or perpetrators of this horrific assault to justice."

DI Kaur added: "It was necessary to establish a large cordon this morning to allow for a thorough search of the area so that we could establish the exact circumstances. In a busy city centre area, this unfortunately caused some disruption and we thank residents, visitors and businesses for their patience."

Anyone with any camera phone footage or information should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000131788 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
