```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are issuing a further appeal for information following two non-injury discharges in Kirkby on Monday, 6 January 2020, and we are asking anyone with dashcam or mobile phone footage to submit it through one of the special links set up for the investigation.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal following non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/further-appeal-following-non-injury-firearms-discharges-in-kirkby/
title: Further appeal following non-injury firearms discharges in Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/further-appeal-following-non-injury-firearms-discharges-in-kirkby/
```

10:25 09/01/2020

We are issuing a further appeal for information following two non-injury discharges in Kirkby on Monday, 6 January 2020, and we are asking anyone with dashcam or mobile phone footage to submit it through one of the special links set up for the investigation.

Police were called to Windermere Drive just before 6.25pm to a report damage had been caused to the front door of a house that was occupied at the time.

Police attended and confirmed the damage is consistent with a shotgun discharge.

It is believed two mopeds or bikes had been seen in the area - possibly carrying the offenders - before they made off from the scene in the direction of Kirkby town centre.

A special link has been set up for dascham or mobile phone footage to be submitted to help with the investigation, if you have any footage please follow the link:-

https://public.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/police-appeal-in-relation-to-a-firearms-discharge-in-windermere-drive

A second firearms discharge occurred at 6.50pm it was reported the windows of a house on Stocks Road, and a car parked close by on Mossborough Drive, had sustained damage consistent with a firearms discharge.

The property was unoccupied at the time and there were no reported injuries. Bullet casings have been recovered for examination.

A special link has been set up for dascham or mobile phone footage to be submitted to help with the investigation, if you have any footage please follow the link:-

https://public.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/police-appeal-in-relation-to-a-firearms-discharge-in-kirkby

There were no reports anyone was injured during the two incidents.

House to house enquiries are underway and officers will be looking at CCTV from the area in a bid to identify the offenders.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "We are still in the early stages of the investigation and detectives are keeping an open mind as to whether the two incidents are linked. Officers are appealing for anyone with information to help them with their enquiries to contact them."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any dashcam or CCTV footage from the area is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 766 or 796 of 6 January, or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
