```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers executed a warrant at an address in Croxteth yesterday, Monday, 4 January, as part of an investigation into County Lines drug dealing between Merseyside and Humberside.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested as part of joint investigation into County Lines drug supply
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-arrested-as-part-of-joint-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-supply/
title: Two arrested as part of joint investigation into County Lines drug supply | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-arrested-as-part-of-joint-investigation-into-county-lines-drug-supply/
```

12:45 05/01/2021

Officers executed a warrant at an address in Croxteth yesterday, Monday, 4 January, as part of an investigation into County Lines drug dealing between Merseyside and Humberside.

The activity was part of a joint operation conducted by Merseyside and Humberside Police aimed at tackling County Lines drug dealing in Hull, and is part of the ongoing Project Medusa, an operation set up by Merseyside Police to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

A 25-year-old man from Anfield and a 22-year-old woman from Croxteth were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

Officers also seized a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs, a large quantity of cash, an electronic cash counter, Rolex watches and a machete.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "Following a warrant at a Croxteth address yesterday, we have arrested two people and recovered items including a weapon and suspected class A drugs as part of a joint operation with Humberside Police.

"We are constantly working with partners and police forces across the country to target those involved in County Lines drug supply and prevent dangerous drugs from reaching our communities across the UK, where they can cause serious harm and misery.

"Criminal gangs involved in County Lines drug supply have no regard for the lives they affect, and often coerce vulnerable people into doing their work on the ground. It is so important that our communities become familiar with the signs that someone may be the victim of exploitation and report this to us, so we can safeguard people where necessary and bring criminals to justice."

Anyone with information which could assist our investigation into County Lines criminality can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
