```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Update: Three people arrested after three males assaulted in Toxteth'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Update 6th April: Three people arrested after three males assaulted in Toxteth'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/update-three-people-arrested-after-three-males-assaulted-in-toxteth/
title: 'Update 6th April: Three people arrested after three males assaulted in Toxteth | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/update-three-people-arrested-after-three-males-assaulted-in-toxteth/
```

11:33 06/04/2020

**UPDATE: 11.15am, MONDAY 6 APRIL**

*****PLEASE NOTE THE AGES OF THE MAN IN HOSPITAL AND WOMAN ARRESTED ARE NOT AS ORIGINALLY REPORTED*****

**Three people arrested after three men were injured in Toxteth on Saturday night (4 April) have been released on conditional bail.**

**A 19-year-old man from Toxteth remains in hospital where his condition is now described as serious but stable.**

**Following further enquiries it has been established that the injuries sustained by the 17-year-old - originally assessed as being the result of a stabbing - were consistent with a firearms discharge.**

**A 20-year-old man from Picton was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 wounding, and a 17-year-old male from Toxteth and 27-year-old woman from Toxteth were both arrested on suspicion of affray and Section 18 wounding. They have been released on conditional bail and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.**

**UPDATE: 10am, SUNDAY 5 APRIL

**Three people have been arrested after three men were injured in Toxteth last night (Saturday 4 April).

Two males, aged 17 and 20 from Toxteth, have been arrested in connection with the stabbing of an 18-year-old man from Toxteth, who is currently in a critical but stable condition.

A 29-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of affray after a 17-year-old male was found with a stab wound to his buttocks on Hatherley Close, Toxteth.

The 20-year-old man who suffered a gun shot wound to his hip and the 17-year-old man who received a stab wound to his buttock have been released from hospital.

All three people arrested have been taken to police stations where they will be interviewed by detectives.

 **
****Original**

We are appealing for witnesses after three men were injured in a space of 20 minutes in Toxteth this evening (Saturday, 4 April).

A 9.54pm a report we received a report that a 19-year-old man had received multiple stab wounds to his head and chest on Carter Street, Toxteth. He was taken by ambulance to hospital, where his condition is described as critical.

At the same time we received another report of a 20-year-old male having been shot on Gwent Street, next to Berkley Park. A short while later the male self-presented at hospital with a gunshot wound to his hip, which is not believed to be life threatening.

Just 20 minutes later a report was received that a 17-year-old man was being treated by paramedics on Hatherley Close for a stab wound to his buttocks. At this stage the victim is not co-operating with police and the location of the assault is unknown.

Detective Inspector Jennie Beck, said: "We are currently investigating three assaults in the Toxteth area, one of which has left one of the victim's in a critical condition in hospital. Detectives are carrying out house-to-house inquiries and will be examining CCTV footage to establish the circumstances surrounding each incident. We are in the early stages of investigating these incidents and are keeping an open mind, although given the times and locations of the incidents we can't rule out that they may be linked.

"I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to the local community to come forward. Three young men have been assaulted in a 20 minute period within a short distance of each other, one of those young men is in a critical condition. Please if you have information come forward so we can identify those responsible and put them before the courts."

Anyone with information which could help detectives with their inquiries is asked to DM @merpolCC, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Ends
