```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a high value burglary in the Childwall Fiveways Area which occurred between 9am on Saturday 5th December and 5pm on Monday 7th December.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after jewellery and gold coins stolen in burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-after-jewellery-and-gold-coins-stolen-in-burglary/
title: Appeal for information after jewellery and gold coins stolen in burglary | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-after-jewellery-and-gold-coins-stolen-in-burglary/
```

12:40 10/12/2020

We are appealing for information following a high value burglary in the Childwall Fiveways Area which occurred between 9am on Saturday 5th December and 5pm on Monday 7th December.

An offender entered the home of a couple in their 60s while they were away for the weekend, smashing glass in the back kitchen door, climbing through and then forcing entry through two locked internal doors.

They made an untidy search of the house before making off with gold coins including sovereign coins and a purse with around 300 Euros inside.

As well as the coins and cash, many pieces of jewellery were taken including a gold and opal necklace in the shape of a cross, an old Sri Lankan Blue sapphire with six white sapphires set in white gold, a white and gold pearl brooch, opal earrings, a white opal ring with a diamond set on either side in gold, earrings and matching pendant in white gold with a topaz stone, an aquamarine ring set in red gold with yellow gold on the reverse and a pair of silver earrings with edelweiss enamel and gold in the centre with a matching pendant.

The items taken are worth in excess of £10,000 and have great sentimental value.

An investigation is underway and to identify those responsible and return the stolen items to their owners.

Detective Inspector Steve Ball said, "To be the victim of burglary, particularly at this time of year when we have all faced such a challenging time, is incredibly upsetting and an investigation is underway to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"We are appealing for anyone who was in the Childwall Fiveways area over the weekend to contact us if they saw anything or anyone suspicious. Similarly it is vital that we find anyone who was driving or walking in the area who may have captured something, either on their mobile phone, or dash cam to get in touch.

"Through Operation Castle Merseyside Police is committed to finding the people responsible for committing crimes such as this and would urge anyone with information to come forward.

"I would like to remind the public to take extra precautions during the upcoming festive period to ensure your homes are safe and secure. Remember to check front doors, windows and garage doors and ensure your car keys are safely out of sight. It is especially important at this time of year, when Christmas presents may also be visible and the hours of darkness are longer."

Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref 20000744034 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
