```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "To recognise National Volunteers Week (1st \u2013 7th June), we are celebrating our Special Constables and thanking them for the amount of unpaid support they provide to the Force."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrating our Specials this National Volunteers Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/celebrating-our-specials-this-national-volunteers-week/
title: Celebrating our Specials this National Volunteers Week | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/celebrating-our-specials-this-national-volunteers-week/
```

08:30 01/06/2020

To recognise National Volunteers Week (1st - 7th June), we are celebrating our Special Constables and thanking them for the amount of unpaid support they provide to the Force.

Special Constables are requested to work 16 hours a month, however since the start of lockdown on 23rd March, our Specials have been going above and beyond, working on average 51 hours a month!

Now, during the annual celebration: National Volunteers' Week, we thought what a great way to highlight some of our Specials and showcase exactly what they do to support officers and staff on a daily basis.

Special Chief Officer Dave Lyons said "In total, our 112 Specials have worked 13,498 hours over the whole lockdown period! This equates to 120 hours per officer. Each of them have been working around the clock during lockdown, helping to manage demand and protect the public.

"Working 35 hours on top of what they are requested to a month is outstanding and shows their complete and utter dedication. In total, their assistance has equated to the work of 34 full time officers, which I am sure anyone would agree, is truly outstanding.

"Our Specials are currently carrying out specific Covid-19 shifts but are also continuing to work alongside their teams based in Op Target, Community and Response.

"Last year, they worked 90,922 hours (not forgetting this is usually on top of their day job!) but their work in recent months has been absolutely crucial as the Force meets the challenge coronavirus has presented all over the world.

"Some of our Specials have been furloughed from their day jobs, and like many people have uncertainty around their situations at home. Despite this, they have stepped up to the plate to make sure our communities are protected, and all other key workers can get on with their jobs; something we are hugely grateful for.

"Being a Special allows them to get stuck in with all crime types, really exposing them to the variety of roles on offer. Recently they have been engaging with the public and advising on social distancing but they have also been making enquiries following some serious violent crime and other investigations as well as responding to emergencies and helping with community patrols.

"Special Constables are as much a part of the policing family as regular officers and we will continue to work with them individually to ensure they're taught to patrol independently, both on foot and in a car - this really does utilise them to the best of their ability and allows them to gain new skills to assist with their continued Special journey or to pursue a full time career in the Police."

Keep up to date with the latest information regarding the Special Constabulary in Merseyside by following @MerseySpecials on Twitter and if you too are interested in becoming a Special Constable visit the Merseyside Police website at www.merseyside.police.uk #joinus #volunteering
