```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A local Knowsley initiative has taken the win at the National Crimebeat Awards, held yesterday (16th March).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: STOP THE KNIVES ENDING LIVES TAKES THE WIN AT NATIONAL CRIMEBEAT AWARDS!
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/stop-the-knives-ending-lives-takes-the-win-at-national-crimebeat-awards/
title: STOP THE KNIVES ENDING LIVES TAKES THE WIN AT NATIONAL CRIMEBEAT AWARDS! | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/stop-the-knives-ending-lives-takes-the-win-at-national-crimebeat-awards/
```

16:00 17/03/2021

**GROUP PHOTO TAKEN PRE COVID**

A local Knowsley initiative has won first prize at the National Crimebeat Awards held yesterday.

National Crimebeat is a Charity which supports youth groups and individuals who have developed projects that help to reduce crime as well as recognising positive work being undertaken in the community.

This year two nominations from Merseyside made it to the finals and we are proud to announce that 'Stop the Knives Ending Lives' was awarded first prize in in the Youth Led section and also won the High Sheriffs Association Award.

The second local nomination, WEB Merseyside, from Wirral, was runner up in the Adult Led category.

The High Sheriff of Merseyside said: "It is really rewarding to see projects from Merseyside being recognised in this way at the National Crimebeat award ceremony. It has been a challenging year for everybody but all the nominations should be really proud of what they have achieved and will continue to achieve. Congratulations to you all!"

**Find out more about the winners: Stop the Knives Ending Lives**

Stop the Knives Ending Lives is a youth driven programme aimed at reducing the number of knife related incidents across Merseyside.

Created by students who make up the Knowsley Youth Cabinet and supported by Constable William Hughes from Merseyside Police, the team have already started a movement amongst young people living in Knowsley.

The initiative was created following ongoing issues in the borough as well as the tragic murder of Adam Ellison in 2017.

Constable Hughes said: "It is great to work with positive young people who want to make the places where they live, work and hang out safer for everyone".

"Jess, a student at St Edmund Arrowsmith Catholic High School and an elected Member of the Youth Parliament for Knowsley, has led the team in delivering this innovative knife crime programme and hugely deserves the recognition that she received yesterday - I couldn't be more proud of what she and the team have produced".

"This is, however, just the start of the cabinet's journey with Merseyside Police. Our vision is to raise further awareness of the impact of knife crime by engaging with community partners and secondary schools across the Borough of Knowsley. We will also continue to promote the voices of young people, listening to their worries and acting upon them."

"Yesterday's award ceremony, albeit virtual, was a great experience and I hope that the young people involved in this are spurred on by their success and continue to do great things as well as reducing knife crime."

Jess said: "After our launch, we were put into the first lockdown in 2020, which meant that we couldn't go to schools and youth clubs to share our campaign as originally planned. As a result of this, we adapted and relaunched the campaign on social media, reaching over 5000 people. This isn't the end of Stop the Knives Ending Lives; we aim to expand our reach and continue to work with the community and support families like Adam Ellison's and the ADAM Foundation."

Cllr Shelley Powell, Cabinet Member for Neighbourhoods and Communities, said: "Huge congratulations to Knowsley's Youth Cabinet for their success at the National Crimebeat awards. This is certainly a proud moment for Knowsley and it's fantastic to see the hard work and commitment of our young people being recognised on a national stage."

Paul Oginsky, Chief Executive Officer at said Vibe: "We approach youth work and working with young people from one key focus: helping young people to improve their relationships. We believe that when young people have positive relationships with themselves and with others, they are able to play a positive role in building vibrant communities. I'm delighted that the hard work of our Youth Cabinet has been recognised in such a prestigious ceremony. Whilst I know that our young people were hoping for a trip to London, the fact that so many of our local community logged online to watch the ceremony, really proves the impact this campaign has had."
