```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the injury shooting of a man in Bromborough this afternoon, Thursday, 18 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following injury shooting - Bromborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-following-injury-shooting---bromborough/
title: Appeal for information following injury shooting - Bromborough | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-following-injury-shooting---bromborough/
```

19:53 18/06/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following the injury shooting of a man in Bromborough this afternoon, Thursday, 18 June.

At around 5.30pm, emergency services were called to McDonald's on Welton Road, following reports a 21-year-old man had been shot as he sat in front passenger seat of a car in the drive-thru. He has been taken to hospital for assessment of a leg injury.

The offender is described as an Asian male, around 5ft 8in tall, of medium build with a beard and a black hooded jacket. It is believed he made off on foot in the direction of Asda.

Officers are carrying out CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries at the scene and a cordon is in place.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "We are in the very early stages of our investigation, so I would ask anyone who was in the area this afternoon and has information to please get in touch as soon as possible, so we can establish the exact circumstances.

"I understand the alarm this incident will cause, as it happened in broad daylight in a busy area with a number of people around, but rest assured we are doing all we can to locate the person responsible and patrols will remain in the area to provide reassurance and gather information.

"If you witnessed the incident, or have any CCTV, dashcam footage or information, please let us know, as it could prove vital to the investigation. Gun crime will not be tolerated on the streets of Merseyside and we will continue to be relentless in our pursuit of those involved in serious and organised crime."

You can contact us directly via @MerPolCC, by calling 101 quoting ref. 20000355196 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
