```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a distraction burglary which occurred this weekend.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following distraction burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-following-distraction-burglary/
title: Appeal following distraction burglary | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-following-distraction-burglary/
```

17:47 03/08/2020

Officers are appealing for information following a distraction burglary which occurred this weekend.

The incident is reported to have happened at around 2pm on Saturday 1st August when a man knocked at the victim's door on Brecon Avenue, Netherton.

The man, who is described as having an Irish accent, was around 5ft 5 and wearing a grey/dark top, knocked at the victim's door, claiming he was from the council. He suggested he had come to look at the victim's fences and so trusting him, the victim allowed him into her garden where they spoke for around 5 minutes. He then left.

During this time, another witness described speaking to a second man in the victims front garden (again, whilst the victim was with the first man).

The second man is described as white, around 5ft11, average build, with short dark hair, clean shaven and being smartly dressed in a white shirt and tie carrying a folder with paperwork and wearing a lanyard.

It is believed that prior to the second man speaking to the witness, he has gained entry into the victim's house whilst she was distracted by the first in the back garden and stolen a quantity of cash. He then left in a white van described as having writing on the side of it.

On Sunday, 2nd August, the victim noticed that a sum of cash was missing from her home and reported the incident to police.

DI Walsh said: "On this occasion, it is believed that the victim has been unaware of the second man who attended her home whilst she has been distracted.

"Burglary is an invasion of someone's privacy and often leaves victims hugely concerned for their own safety. If you know who either of these men are, witnessed the incident or have been approached in a similar way, please call us and help us bring these offenders to justice."

If you have information, please contact us quoting: 20000457509
