```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives have charged two men with conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs following the seizure of cocaine in the West Midlands.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '**UPDATE** Two men charged with drug supply conspiracy offences following seizure of drugs'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/officers-arrest-two-men-and-recover-three-kilos-of-cocaine-and-more-than-10000-in-cash/
title: '**UPDATE** Two men charged with drug supply conspiracy offences following seizure of drugs | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/officers-arrest-two-men-and-recover-three-kilos-of-cocaine-and-more-than-10000-in-cash/
```

19:00 17/07/2020

Updated News Post

****UPDATE** 7pm, Friday 17 July

STARTS

Detectives have charged two men with conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs following the seizure of cocaine in the West Midlands. **

**54-year-old Robert McKenna, of Maes Glas in Rhyl; and 32-year-old Peter Ginley, of Heath Road in Garston, have been remanded in custody to appear at Liverpool Magistrates Court tomorrow, Saturday 18 July.

ENDS**

Original Release

STARTS

Two men are being questioned by Merseyside Police on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs after three kilos of cocaine were recovered from a van in the West Midlands.

Officers from Merseyside stopped a van on the M42 near Worcester yesterday (Thursday, 16 July) and during a search they recovered three kilos of cocaine hidden in a hide within the vehicle.

The 54-year-old male from Rhyl was arrested in connection with an ongoing drugs investigation linked to the national Operation Venetic and he was brought to Merseyside where he is being questioned by detectives.

With support from North Wales Police four warrants were executed at addresses in Rhyl, Aigburth and Garston and a number of items were recovered including more than £10,000 in cash, a cash counting machine and a drugs press.

At an address in Aigburth a 32-year-old man was also arrested on conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

DI Lee Wilkinson, said: "We are committed to protecting our communities by relentlessly targeting those who are involved in all aspects of organised crime including the distribution and supply of illegal drugs and the and use of serious violence. And working together with other forces, the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit and the National Crime Agency, we will continue to identify opportunities to take enforcement action to safeguard our communities and mitigate any risk of serious violence."

Detective Supt Sian Beck of North Wales Police said: "Serious and organised crime has no boundaries and today's operation highlights the joint working between North Wales Police, Merseyside Police, North West Regional Crime Unit and the National Crime Agency and demonstrates our commitment to tackle cross border criminality."

"If you suspect people in your community to be involved in serious and organised crime, information can be passed to North Wales Police by contacting the control room direct via the web live chat http://www.north-wales.police.uk/contact/chat-support or by phoning 101. If you'd rather pass information anonymously call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

ENDS
