```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Two men have today, Thursday 25th February, been jailed for a total of 19 years for a robbery conspiracy involving coffee shops, bakeries and convenience stores in Merseyside and Cheshire.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed for a total of 19 years for robbery conspiracy
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/two-men-jailed-for-a-total-of-19-years-for-robbery-conspiracy/
title: Two men jailed for a total of 19 years for robbery conspiracy | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/two-men-jailed-for-a-total-of-19-years-for-robbery-conspiracy/
```

15:51 25/02/2021

Two men have today, Thursday 25th February, been jailed for a total of 19 years for a robbery conspiracy involving coffee shops, bakeries and convenience stores in Merseyside and Cheshire.

Paul Boardman (left), 44, of Loxwood Close, Belle Vale, and Terry Hathaway (right), 40, of Parkview Drive, Netherley, were charged in connection with the offences that took place between 10th September 2020 and 13th December 2020.

The charges follow a number of robberies in which cash was stolen including:

Starbucks, Longman Drive, Liverpool - 6am, Friday 11th September

Starbucks, Edge Lane, Liverpool - 6.30am, Thursday 5th November

Costa Coffee, Allerton Road, Liverpool - 8.40am, Saturday 14th November

Nisa Local, Hunts Cross Avenue, Liverpool - 8am - Friday 20th November

Starbucks, East Lancashire Road, Liverpool - 5.55am, Monday 23rd November

Greggs, Aintree retail park, Liverpool - 7.20am, Friday 27th November

Greggs, Edge Lane retail park, Liverpool - 6.37am, Wednesday 2nd December

Greggs, Fordton retail park, Warrington - 7.12am, Saturday 5th December

Boardman was also charged with an additional robbery at 7.12am on Saturday 5th December at Greggs, East Prescot Road, Liverpool.

Both men were arrested on 12th December following a proactive policing operation and both have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit robbery and Boardman pleaded guilty to the additional charge of robbery.

Today at Liverpool Crown Court Boardman was jailed for eight years six months and Hathaway was jailed for 10 years six months.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "In order to bring Boardman and Hathaway to justice we carried out an extensive and proactive investigation which led to their arrest and eventual charge. I am glad that they are now finally behind bars.

"I want to make it clear that these are not victimless crimes. These shops were all staffed by hard working people who were often subjected to verbal threats and intimidation. The members of staff were also given the impression on more than one occasion that that the men were armed and I am sure they were all left distressed by their ordeal. Nobody should have to put up with that for simply doing their job.

"Boardman and Hathaway had no concern for anyone else and showed complete contempt for other people and the law with their actions. They are now beginning a prison sentence where I hope they can now reflect on their actions."

VICTIM PERSONAL STATEMENT - SHOP ASSISTANT, GREGGS

A female shop assistant, who was working in Greggs at the time of one of the robberies, said:

"I was in shock when it hit me and I realised that they were robbing us. I was scared and feared that I would be harmed as the males were very forceful and the events were one of the scariest things I have been through in my life.

"Immediately after the incident I was shaking and crying. I was shocked at how quick it had all happened and do not think it fully hit me at the beginning what had happened as I was in so much fear for my safety.

"Since the robbery occurred my sleeping has been poor. I have been getting around 2-3 hours' sleep a night due to having constant nightmares about the incident and sometimes I am awake over 24 hours as my mind is constantly going over the events.

"I will always have memories of that day and do not feel my life will be the same. I feel that my mind will be slightly eased when I know the people who did this to me have been deservedly brought to justice."
