```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery at McColls on County Road, Walton this morning (Friday 22 January).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following knifepoint robbery in Walton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-walton/
title: Appeal for information following knifepoint robbery in Walton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-walton/
```

18:03 22/01/2021

Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery at McColls on County Road, Walton this morning (Friday 22 January).

At around 8.40am officers were called to reports that a male suspect entered the shop claiming he was diabetic and pretended to have a fit to distract staff.

While a male member of staff assisted him, a second man wearing a yellow high-visibility jacket and carrying a black holdall entered the shop and threatened a female member of staff with a knife before stealing a quantity of cash and cigarettes.

The suspects then made off on foot in the direction of Bedford Road.

The first suspect is described as a white male, around 5ft 8in tall wearing a grey coat, black hat and dark trousers.

The second suspect is described as a white male of stocky build, around 6ft tall wearing a yellow high-visibility jacket, a blue hoody and a grey face mask

CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Paul Jones said: "Using the pretence of a medical emergency to carry out a robbery is disgraceful. Shop assistants should be able to go about their business without being threatened in such a manner and we are determined to find the people responsible and bring them to justice.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in the area around the junction of County Road and Bedford Road this morning who saw anyone or anything suspicious to contact us.

"I would also particularly ask anyone who was driving past who may have a dash-cam footage to check it to see if they captured anything significant. Please get in touch as you could hold information which is vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information on this incident can contact us by DM via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 21000045553.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
