```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in St Helens have arrested three men on suspicion of burglary at a recently dismantled cannabis factory in St Helens yesterday, Wednesday 21 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men arrested on suspicion of burglary at dismantled cannabis farm in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/three-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-burglary-at-dismantled-cannabis-farm-in-st-helens/
title: Three men arrested on suspicion of burglary at dismantled cannabis farm in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/three-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-burglary-at-dismantled-cannabis-farm-in-st-helens/
```

13:41 22/10/2020

Officers in St Helens have arrested three men on suspicion of burglary at a recently dismantled cannabis farm in St Helens yesterday, Wednesday 21 October.

At around 10.30am, officers were called to the old milk factory in Duncan Street to reports of suspicious persons in the premises. More than 1,600 cannabis plants and equipment had been seized earlier this week following a warrant.

Three men were located inside the unit and detained. A van was also seized.

A 26-year-old man from Orrell, Greater Manchester; a 22-year-old man from Wigan, Greater Manchester; and a 53-year-old man from Wigan, Greater Manchester were arrested on suspicion of burglary other than in a dwelling.

They were questioned and have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

St Helens Inspector Rob Budden said: "Our enquiries continue but we suspect that these men unlawfully entered the premises to steal items from within.

"There was significant police activity earlier in the week as we painstakingly dealt with this massive cannabis farm. These men may have thought that when police left, nobody would be watching the location. They were wrong.

"Keep passing information on any suspicious activity where you live and we will respond."

Anyone who suspects drugs are being produced where they are, or has information on suspected burglary, can contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
