```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information on the first anniversary of the murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information on anniversary of murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-on-anniversary-of-murder-of-leroy-ottey-in-wavertree/
title: Appeal for information on anniversary of murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-for-information-on-anniversary-of-murder-of-leroy-ottey-in-wavertree/
```

08:24 18/10/2019

Detectives are appealing for information on the first anniversary of the murder of Leroy Ottey in Wavertree.

At 10.40pm on Wednesday 17 October, emergency services were called to Alderson Road to a report of a man in his 20s having been shot. Leroy was taken to hospital where he sadly died in the early hours of the following day, Thursday 18 October.

Six people have so far been arrested on suspicion of murder, all of whom remain under investigation, and are as follows:
A 25-year-old man from Toxteth
A 30-year-old man from Wavertree
A 31-year-old man from Rainhill
A 30-year-old man from Toxteth
A 24-year-old man from Toxteth
A 23-year-old man from Toxteth

A year later, the investigation continues to progress but detectives and Leroy's family want to take the opportunity of his anniversary to reappeal to the community for any information which can help us bring those responsible to justice.

Detective Chief Inspector John Middleton, who is leading the investigation, said: "For Leroy's family, this past 12 months has been an ordeal for which nobody could ever be prepared. We all want answers and a chance for Leroy's family and friends to gain some justice.

"Although progress continues to be made, this is a timely opportunity to appeal for more information, which might be the key to our investigation. We will take action on all you provide in order to see those responsible for Leroy's murder brought to justice.

"Specifically, we want to ensure that everyone who was in and around Alderson Road at the time of the shooting has come forward and shared what they know. Were you there around 10.30pm, either passing by on foot or in a vehicle? Did you capture anything on dashcam, home CCTV or other devices and have not yet told us?

"We will act on all new information as a matter of urgency in order to see those responsible for Leroy's murder brought to justice. No matter how much time has passed, and if your allegiances have changed, we want to hear from you.

"Often we hear the express 'wall of silence' when murder investigations are discussed. To those who might live in fear of the consequences of providing information to police, I say this: however you are able to come forward, rest assured that there are measures we can put in place to protect you and your loved ones."

Anyone with information is urged to contact detectives via @MerPolCC or call 101 with reference 18400004063, where your information will be treated sensitively. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or pass information via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
