```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives with Operation Castle, our ongoing response to burglary in Merseyside, are welcoming the prison sentence of a Huyton man today, Thursday 21 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Huyton man Michael Trevillion jailed for burglary and escaping from custody
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/huyton-man-michael-trevillion-jailed-for-burglary-and-escaping-from-custody/
title: Huyton man Michael Trevillion jailed for burglary and escaping from custody | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/huyton-man-michael-trevillion-jailed-for-burglary-and-escaping-from-custody/
```

10:15 22/01/2021

Detectives with Operation Castle, our ongoing response to burglary in Merseyside, are welcoming the prison sentence of a Huyton man today, Thursday 21 January.

41-year-old Michael Trevillion of Barkbeth Road appeared at Liverpool Crown Court, where he was sentenced to four years and four months for burglary dwelling and escape from lawful custody. Trevillion was also given a 10-year Restraining Order against his victim.

On Friday 11 December 2020, Trevillion forced his way into an address on Court Hey Avenue, stealing items of jewellery. He was detained close to the scene by officers. Trevillion was also convicted for an attempted burglary earlier that day in Archway Road. Once arrested, Trevillion complained of feeling unwell and was taken to hospital.

The following day, Saturday 12 December, Trevillion escaped from custody after leaving hospital and was arrested by officers later the same day.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Tony O'Brien, who heads the Operation Castle team, spoke after sentencing: "This is a pleasing result and removes from the streets an individual in Trevillion who was responsible for two burglary offences late last year, causing distress to his victims.

"Hopefully this period behind bars will act as a deterrent to any future criminal activity, and Trevillion will reflect upon the harm he has caused. His attempt to evade custody the day after his arrest has only contrived to add to this time behind bars.

"Being a victim of burglary can cause a massive impact to the lives of those targeted, and we will support victims throughout the process of reporting crime up until sentencing.

"We regularly act on information from those communities affects, so come forward if you know anything about suspected burglary and the sale of stolen goods where you are. We'll act on all information provided. Burglary offences have decreased across Merseyside this and last year, and we'll continue to work proactively with communities and our partners to keep this progress going."

Always call 999 if a burglary is in progress. Anyone with information on burglary is asked to contact our social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 or you can call or the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
