```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers arrested four men and seized Class A and B drugs during three warrants in Liverpool last night (Friday 8 November) as we continue to take action to prevent serious and violent crime.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests and drugs and guns seized in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/arrests-and-drugs-and-guns-seized-in-liverpool/
title: Arrests and drugs and guns seized in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/arrests-and-drugs-and-guns-seized-in-liverpool/
```

10:54 09/11/2019

Officers arrested four men and seized Class A and B drugs during three warrants in Liverpool last night (Friday 8 November) as we continue to take action to prevent serious and violent crime.

Elsewhere, two handguns and ammunition were seized from a house in Southwood Road, Aigburth following a search of the property. They have been taken for forensic examination.

In Walton, a large bag of white powder and in excess of £30,000 in cash was recovered, as well as drugs paraphernalia. One man, aged 42, from Walton, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cocaine and money laundering. He has been taken to a police station to be interviewed.

Two men were arrested after cannabis bush and cannabis resin were seized at a property in Old Swan. The men, a 20-year-old from Hoylake a 28-year-old from Holyhead, Anglesey, have been taken into custody to be questioned on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis resin.

After a third warrant was carried out at around 9pm, also in Old Swan, a 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cocaine when cannabis and cocaine, as well as drugs paraphernalia were found. He has been taken into custody to be interviewed.

Elsewhere, officers have continued to carry out stop searches and have maintained an increased presence of visible and armed response police officers in the community.

Superintendent Mark Wiggins said: "Every single time firearms and drugs are seized, the opportunities for criminals to cause harm in our communities is reduced.

"We have had a number of firearms incidents in recent weeks, and I want to reassure the public that the action taken yesterday is just one part of our ongoing efforts to disrupt offenders intent on bringing violence to our streets.

"We made a number of arrests last night and will continue to take all action within our powers to bring anyone responsible to justice. This includes warrants, the continued use of stop searches to disrupt criminals, and land searches in areas we believe they may be storing weapons.

"We will also continue to have an increased visible presence in the communities while we feel it is of benefit to those who live there."

Anyone who has information about serious crime in their area or who is using or storing weapons is asked to DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
