```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in St Helens can confirm that a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) has been issued to a woman banning her from entering St Helens town centre.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two year CBO issued to Bernadette Eccleston from St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-year-cbo-issued-to-bernadette-eccleston-from-st-helens/
title: Two year CBO issued to Bernadette Eccleston from St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/two-year-cbo-issued-to-bernadette-eccleston-from-st-helens/
```

15:43 02/10/2020

Officers in St Helens can confirm that a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) has been issued to a woman banning her from entering St Helens town centre.

The order was obtained against 46-year-old Bernadette Eccleston of Broad Oak Road yesterday, Thursday 1 October, at Sefton Magistrates Court. It will be valid until Friday, 30 September 2022. If Eccleston fails to comply with the order, she will be committing a criminal offence for which she could be sent to prison.

The order prevents Eccleston from entering the area on the map (attached) and prohibits all of the following:

Must not, in the county of Merseyside, engage in conduct causing or likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to any person, or incite others to engage in such conduct. For the purposes of this order any other person also included police officers and police community support officers whether in uniform or non-uniform attire.

Must not, in the county of Merseyside, be drunk in a public place or have any open bottle, can or container that is holding alcohol (including wines, spirits, beers and ciders) and can be immediately consumed within the county of Merseyside.

Must not, in the county of Merseyside, enter any licensed premises, selling alcohol to be consumed on the premises. For the avoidance of doubt, any licensed premises shall include, but is not limited to, public houses, social clubs, members clubs and nightclubs.

Must not enter the area outlined on the attached map defined by Merseyside Police as D111 beat. Bounded by and including Duke Street, Corporation Street, Victoria Square, Corporation Street, Parr Street, Linkway East, Linkway West, Kirkland Street and Boundary Road.

St Helens Community Policing Chief Inspector Paul Holden said: "Criminal Behaviour Orders continue to be an extremely effective tool in tackling persistent offenders who have a negative impact on our communities, be it through anti-social behaviour, alcohol-related disorder, or other issues.

"The successful application for a CBO for Eccleston shows this commitment, and the impact that her behaviour has had on the community. We work alongside businesses and residents, as well as support services, to ensure that those who continue to offend are offered the necessary support. Officers will be speaking to businesses and residents locally to make them aware of this order and what to do if you have information that it has been breached.

"To apply for such an order is the necessary consequence of a long pattern of behaviour adversely affecting those who live and work in the town, and we will continue to utilise them for the benefit of the community."

Anyone with information on anti-social behaviour is asked to contact local officers, or pass information via @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also follow St Helens Police on Twitter and Facebook for updates, advice and events.
