```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Kevin McCabe, 28 years of Pershore Road, Kirkby has today (Wednesday, 3 February) been sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for his involvement in County Lines drug dealing in Sussex, Newcastle-Under-Lyne and Staffordshire.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kevin McCabe jailed for involvement in county lines drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/kevin-mccabe-jailed-for-involvement-in-county-lines-drug-dealing/
title: Kevin McCabe jailed for involvement in county lines drug dealing | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/kevin-mccabe-jailed-for-involvement-in-county-lines-drug-dealing/
```

16:42 03/02/2021

Kevin McCabe, 28 years of Pershore Road, Kirkby has today (Wednesday, 3 February) been sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for his involvement in County Lines drug dealing in Sussex, Newcastle-Under-Lyne and Staffordshire.

McCabe pleaded guilty to ten offences, including possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin, being concerned in offer of supply of cocaine and heroin, alongside a number of driving offences and assault of an emergency worker.

Officers from the force's Project Medusa executed a warrant at an address in Kirkby on 14 December and arrested McCabe. Officers also recovered quantities of cocaine and heroin from the property.

Project Medusa, is a Merseyside-led initiative, which uses different types of operational activity and tactics to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down the County Lines Organised Crime Groups who are responsible for the widespread distribution of illegal drugs in other parts of the country.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton said: "The sentencing of Kevin McCabe shows our commitment to hit the criminals involved in these County Lines hard.

"Project Medusa is committed to the relentless in pursuit of criminals who are intent on causing harm in our communities through the sale of illicit drugs in other parts of the country. We will work with police forces and authorities across the country to make sure there is no safe place for such criminals to hide.

"If you have any information about drug dealing in your area or are concerned about somebody who may be involved in County Lines, contact us, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK."
