```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'A number of people have been arrested, along with the recovery of weapons and drugs as officers take to the streets again across Merseyside in various #OpTarget deployments.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Arrests made for attempt murder, money laundering and drugs offences in evening of activity tackling serious violence'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-arrests-made-for-attempt-murder-money-laundering-and-drugs-offences-in-evening-of-activity-tackling-serious-violence/
title: 'OP TARGET: Arrests made for attempt murder, money laundering and drugs offences in evening of activity tackling serious violence | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-arrests-made-for-attempt-murder-money-laundering-and-drugs-offences-in-evening-of-activity-tackling-serious-violence/
```

14:24 13/08/2020

A number of people have been arrested, along with the recovery of weapons and drugs as officers take to the streets across Merseyside in various #OpTarget deployments.

First, officers who are continuing to investigate a recent shooting on Malt Street were yesterday (12th August) conducting enquiries on Wendell Street, Toxteth. Whilst on patrol, officers spotted a man running from an address. After a short foot pursuit, officers managed to detain him on Rokesmith Road. Here, he was found in possession with a Deliveroo bag, full of cannabis. He was arrested on suspicion of attempt murder and possession with intent to supply drugs.

He was taken to custody where he remains at this time.

Officers elsewhere, were again involved in a chase on foot with a 16 year old boy after he made off whilst they were trying to speak to him. He was detained on Church Road, L13 where he was found in possession of three wraps of white powder, believed to be cocaine, a bag of cannabis and a lock knife. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a bladed article and possession of a controlled Class A and B drug.

****

Then, two other men, aged 50 and 36 were arrested after officers across the water in Wallasey after their car, a Suzuki Vitara, was sighted being driven suspiciously.

Officers followed the car from Poulton Road to Sherlock Lane where it eventually stopped. The passengers made off whilst the driver was detained at the scene. Here, he tested positive for cocaine and was arrested for drug driving.

In the meantime, the passenger made his way to a property on Chamberlain Street. Officers managed to also gain entry and detain him. He was identified as a wanted man and arrested on prison recall.

\-----

A warrant was then conducted on Beaconsfield Road, Bebington, where a 39 year old man was arrested on suspicion of the importation of Class B drugs, possession of a controlled drug, handing stolen goods and money laundering.

This warrant follows joint working with Border Force who intercepted a number of parcels containing cannabis due to be delivered at the above address.

A large amount of cash was seized from the property and the man was taken to custody for questioning.

****

In addition to seeking those involved in criminality, officers use various modes of transport to ensure that they can get to hard to reach places quickly, often utilising the quads, which on this occasion, took to the streets near Tarbock Hall, Ox Lane where officers spoke to members of the public who stated that seeing them patrolling the area was hugely positive and made them feel more at ease.

****

Over in the Tower Hill area, other officers spoke to children living in the area, who were equally as excited to see some of our officers and their patrol cars on the streets.

****

Along with speaking to the public, open land searches form a huge part of our proactive activity to locate weapons and take dangerous substances off our streets. Officers conducted searches near to Kings Business Park and Staed Moers Park, Huyton. Here, they located a hammer, a bag of nitrous oxide canisters and a cannabis grinder.

****

If you would like to find out more about our Op Target deployments, please visit: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/police-forces/merseyside-police/areas/campaigns/campaigns/2018/operation-target/ and follow #OpTarget for the latest updates on social media.
