```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Patrols were yesterday (3rd February) deployed to the Kensington and Tuebrook areas in a bid to deter those involved in serious violence whilst also engaging with our communities.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Partners across Liverpool join forces to tackle serious violence'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-partners-across-liverpool-join-forces-to-tackle-serious-violence/
title: 'OP TARGET: Partners across Liverpool join forces to tackle serious violence | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/op-target-partners-across-liverpool-join-forces-to-tackle-serious-violence/
```

13:07 04/02/2021

Patrols were yesterday (3rd February) deployed to the Kensington and Tuebrook areas in a bid to deter those involved in serious violence whilst also engaging with our communities.

"It is great to get out with our partners where together, we have focused on community clear-ups, enforcement in off licences and proactive policing to ensure that the public are kept safe" said Local Policing Sergeant Carl Lynch.

The day began in Newsham Park at 9am where officers and partners including representatives from Liverpool City Council, Licencing, Street Scene clean up teams, Council Enforcement Officers, Merseyside Fire and Rescue and Red Umbrella were briefed for the day ahead.

The morning involved waste and rubbish removal at 22 sites around the area as well as dealing with fly tipping issues. Mersey Fire also distributed a number of fire safety leaflets around the area focusing on preventing and protecting yourself and your property against arson offences.

Officers and PCSOs conducted high visibility patrols using stop and search powers as well as conducting a warrant at a flat on Coleridge Street in Kensington resulting in two arrests - a 46 year old woman who was wanted on warrant and a 57 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled Class A drug. Another woman will attend for a voluntary interview regarding drugs offences. All three were also issued with Covid fines. A knife, which was hidden behind the door, was also seized and the electricity in the property was found to be dangerously breached.

Later into the evening, officers accompanied Trading Standards, Licensing, Human Trafficking, Modern Slavery and Immigration Teams targeting off licences and stores selling illegal tobacco, prohibited alcohol products and weapons as well as identifying anyone that could be working illegally.

This resulted in two Covid fines being issued, one at Dawn Till Dusk on Boaler Street and another at Pound Island on Kensington as well as the seizure of illegal tobacco and knives. Pound Island was closed down by Immigration due to illegal workers also being identified.

In addition, officers spent the day identifying drug supply and violence hotspots, tackling street drinking and gathering drug dealing intelligence. As a result of this activity, PCSOs arrested a 20 year old man who was wanted on warrant for drug supply.

Sgt Lynch said: "This multi-day of action comes as a direct response to concerns we have received from the public living in these areas.

"This is not a stand-alone event and we endeavour to take on more regular partnership patrols in the future and already have a number planned in the coming weeks."

Inspector Andy Lloyd concluded: "We hope this activity reassures our communities that we are doing all we can to keep you safe, identify those involved in serious violence and take them off our streets.

"To allow this proactive work to be successful, we rely on you getting in touch should you know anyone involved in crime, this way we can protect those living in our neighbourhoods, have a greater knowledge of what or who is causing you fear and how we can best combat this in the future."
