```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Our #OpTarget teams are focused on tackling serious violence across Merseyside, which includes taking dangerous weapons off our streets, arresting those linked to gang and other serious crime and putting a halt to the production and distribution of drugs.


    Last night (22nd September) was no exception and saw Targeted teams deployed to specific areas to locate criminals and keep our communities safe.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Patrols across Merseyside make further arrests as part of serious violence crackdown'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-patrols-across-merseyside-make-further-arrests-as-part-of-serious-violence-crackdown/
title: 'OP TARGET: Patrols across Merseyside make further arrests as part of serious violence crackdown | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-patrols-across-merseyside-make-further-arrests-as-part-of-serious-violence-crackdown/
```

16:03 23/09/2020

Our #OpTarget teams are focused on tackling serious violence across Merseyside, which includes taking dangerous weapons off our streets, arresting those linked to gang and other serious crime and putting a halt to the production and distribution of drugs.

Last night (22nd September) was no exception and saw Targeted teams deployed to specific areas to locate criminals and keep our communities safe.

At around 8pm, officers spotted a man in Tuebrook acting suspiciously, he was stopped and searched and found in possession of a meat cleaver, hidden down his trousers. The man, aged 44 from Liverpool, was taken to custody where he was questioned and later charged with possession of an offensive weapon in a public space.

He will appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 20th January 2021.

****

Elsewhere, two men aged 20 (A) and 42 (B) were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and possession of criminal property

The first man (A) was stopped by officers on patrol just before 8pm on Lenham Way, Speke. During the search, he was found in possession of cannabis. Following this, officers attended a property on Ramsbrook Road where the second man (B) was seen acting suspiciously. Officers searched the property and found more cannabis, drugs paraphernalia, suspected cocaine and a large amount of cash.

Both men were arrested and taken to custody.

****

A 34 year old man was arrested on suspicion of multiple offences including criminal damage and possession of a controlled drug in St Helens.

A patrol car were flagged down by a member of the public stating they'd seen the man climbing into a secure area on Cotham Street. Officers attended where they detained the man. Unfortunately, as he was being taken to the police car, he attempted to head butt and spit at the officer and was verbally abusive. He was therefore further arrested for assaulting an emergency worker and taken to custody.

Finally, another man was stop searched on Breck Road after reports suggested a number of people were gathering in the area. The man was detained and found in possession of cannabis. Officers then continued the search at his home address where they found a large knife, which was seized.

If you know someone involved in serious violence, concerned about your own or someone else's welfare or have information linked to a crime, please get in touch and remember to follow #OpTarget for the latest news, results and appeals.
