```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have seized a sword, knife and suspected drugs during a day of action in Kensington today (Friday 11 October) tackling anti-social behaviour and drug use in the community.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Weapons and drugs seized in Kensington day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/weapons-and-drugs-seized-in-kensington-day-of-action/
title: Weapons and drugs seized in Kensington day of action | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/weapons-and-drugs-seized-in-kensington-day-of-action/
```

08:40 14/10/2019

Officers seized a sword, knife and suspected drugs during a day of action in Kensington on Friday (11 October) tackling anti-social behaviour and drug use in the community.

We were responding to information received in recent weeks relating to anti-social behaviour in the areas of Balmoral Road, Onslow Road and Radstock Road.

A mobile police station has been in place all day and we carried out alley searches, stop searches, and visited addresses with partners including MP Luciana Berger, Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service, Liverpool's Landlord Licensing department, City Council Safer Communities, and Councillor Liam Robinson.

The fire service provided smoke alarms and arson prevention advice and Landlord Licensing visited private landlords to discuss an issues.

Community Sergeant Carl Lynch said: "We carry out days of action like this all year round because we know they are successful and members of the public are pleased to see our officers on the streets.

"We make no apologies for using all tactics at our disposal to target those who are responsible for criminality in Merseyside, and to take weapons and drugs off the streets.

"While we have invested significant resources into tackling serious violence, we are also well aware of how much issues such as drug dealing, antisocial behaviour and low level criminality all impact on our communities.

"The welfare of those communities and the people who live in them are our priority and we will continue to take action such as this so people can go about their day to day business in peace and without fear of crime.

"A lot of the action we carry out is as a direct result of information we have received and I would continue to ask the public to support us in what we are doing - tell us where weapons are being stored and who is dealing drugs in your neighbourhood so we can take action."

Anyone with information can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
