```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Bromborough man to 16 months imprisonment for assaulting a baby earlier this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bromborough man sentenced to jail for assault on baby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/bromborough-man-sentenced-to-jail-for-assault-on-baby/
title: Bromborough man sentenced to jail for assault on baby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/bromborough-man-sentenced-to-jail-for-assault-on-baby/
```

14:52 12/11/2019

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Bromborough man to 16 months imprisonment for assaulting a baby earlier this year.

In April, a report was received of bite marks being found on a 14-week-old baby. Further medical enquiries established that the bite marks were human.

29-year-old Michael Dabbs of New Chester Road was subsequently arrested and admitted Section 47 assault on the child. He was sentenced today (Tuesday 12 November) at Liverpool Crown Court.

Appropriate safeguarding measures are now in place.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Laura Everleigh said: "This was an appalling incident in which Dabbs, under the effects of cocaine, admitted to repeatedly biting a young baby, who was thankfully not more seriously injured.

"The use of cocaine or other controlled drugs when with young children is completely horrifying, and thankfully Dabbs will have a period in custody to reflect upon his actions.

"We work closely alongside our partners in social services, local authorities and the NHS to identify and protect any young or vulnerable people who may be at risk of violence from those who should be protecting.

"If you have any concerns or suspicions and want to speak to us, there are a few different ways but however you pass information on, ensure you do so and we can take positive action."

Contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. If you suspect that the life of a child or adult is in immediate danger or a crime is ongoing dial 999.

You can also speak to social services or your local authority and they will ensure information is dealt with sensitively.
