```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a juvenile male and are appealing for information following an assault in Moreton, Wirral this afternoon.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '**UPDATED** Two more arrests following stabbing in Moreton, Wirral'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-moreton-wirral/
title: '**UPDATED** Two more arrests following stabbing in Moreton, Wirral | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-moreton-wirral/
```

10:30 20/02/2021

Updated News Post

****UPDATE SATURDAY 20 FEBRUARY 10.30AM**
**
Detectives investigating an assault in Moreton, Wirral yesterday (Friday 19 February) have arrested two more males.

A 15-year-old from Tranmere and a 15-year-old from Frodsham, Cheshire were both arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault late last night and taken to police stations for questioning. A 12-year-old male from Moreton has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

We still want to hear from any witnesses or anyone who may have captured this incident on dashcam or other devices, so please come forward. Information can also be passed on via @MerPolCC, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously with crime reference 21000109473.

**Original statement**

We have arrested a juvenile male and are appealing for information following an assault in Moreton, Wirral this afternoon.

At around 4.10pm, officers were called to a small park at the junction of Town Meadow Lane and Lingham Lane following reports a 16-year-old male had received a knife wound to the arm.

He has been taken to hospital for treatment for his injury which is not believed to be life threatening.

A 12-year-old male from Moreton was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault and has been taken to a police station for questioning.

Officers remain in the area carrying out forensic, house-to-house and witness enquiries.

Detective Inspector Tara Denn said: "Although we have one male in custody, we're keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at around 4pm and saw, heard or captured anything, be it descriptions of those involved, CCTV, dashcam or other images.

"These details could be vital in bringing those involved to justice. Knife crime causes devastation in our communities and this serious incident could have had tragic consequences. We'll be in the area tonight speaking to local residents, so tell us what you know and we will do the rest."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 quoting log 697 of 19 February.

ENDS
