```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for information and have stepped up patrols on the loop line after reports a teenage girl was sexually assaulted in Orrell Park on Monday afternoon (21 September).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Patrols stepped up after sexual assault of teenage girl in Orrell Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-following-sexual-assault-of-teenage-girl---orrell-park/
title: Patrols stepped up after sexual assault of teenage girl in Orrell Park | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/continued-appeal-following-sexual-assault-of-teenage-girl---orrell-park/
```

15:50 24/09/2020

We are continuing to appeal for information and have stepped up patrols on the loop line after reports a teenage girl was sexually assaulted in Orrell Park on Monday afternoon (21 September).

It was reported that a man grabbed the teenager as she walked on the loop line near Helsby Road at around 4.30pm, before sexually assaulting her and making threats.

The offender is described as white, about 40 years of age, with short hair. He was wearing a Liverpool shirt, long trousers and a baseball cap.

The victim was left incredibly shaken by the ordeal.

An investigation is underway and forensic, CCTV and witness enquiries are being carried out.

We have stepped up high visibility patrols in the area, with officers on foot, on quad bikes and the Mounted Section patrolling the loop line.

Detective Chief Inspector Craig Turner said: "This was a truly shocking and saddening incident. The offender subjected the victim to a terrifying ordeal, using physical force and intimidation and leaving her extremely shaken.

"We know the trauma that victims of sexual offences suffer can last a lifetime, and she is receiving the full support of specially trained officers. I know her family and loved ones have rallied around her too."

Det Chief Insp Turner added: "We regularly patrol the loop line, as we know anti-social behaviour and other issues have been reported there. We are increasing those patrols, and have officers on foot and on quad bikes throughout the day.

"I hope their presence provides some reassurance for those using the loop line, but we would also urge people to be vigilant when using more isolated routes, especially now that the days are getting shorter.

"Incidents such as this are - thankfully - incredibly rare and particularly in the times we are living in, the people of Merseyside should be able to enjoy public spaces without fear of being subjected to such an attack. But I would urge everyone to take sensible precautions when out and about.

"Our investigation team continue to work to gather information, establish the full circumstances and do everything in our power to locate the offender.

"The wider community will, I'm sure, share our outrage and our absolute determination to make sure the perpetrator faces justice for what he has done. If you were in the area at the time of the incident on Monday and saw or heard any suspicious behaviour, or have any CCTV or dashcam footage, please let us know. The information you provide could prove crucial in achieving justice for the victim."

Anyone with information is asked to direct message @MerPolCC, or call 101 quoting reference 20000573178, or you can pass information to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information..
If you want to report a sexual assault, you can call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
