```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police in Sefton yesterday (Thursday 28 January) seized a large quantity of cash and suspected Class A drugs as part of a targeted day of action.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: Arrests made and cash and drugs seized in Sefton'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/op-target-arrests-made-and-cash-and-drugs-seized-in-sefton/
title: 'Op Target: Arrests made and cash and drugs seized in Sefton | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/op-target-arrests-made-and-cash-and-drugs-seized-in-sefton/
```

13:38 29/01/2021

Police in Sefton yesterday (Thursday 28 January) seized a large quantity of cash and suspected Class A drugs as part of a targeted day of action.

Following a warrant at an address in Southport, police arrested a 30-year-old-man on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. During a further warrant at an address in Birkdale, a 34-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Across the two addresses, approximately £25,000 in cash and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized by detectives and recovered for forensic examination.

In addition to the #OpTarget warrants, on Wednesday 27 January, police in Bootle also detained and arrested a 42-year-old man who was found to be in possession of Class A drugs during a stop and search.

The men were taken into custody, questioned and have since been released under investigation.

Inspector for Targeted Policing, Raymond Mavrakakis, said, "The recoveries made this week are significant and will go towards our fight against serious violence, gang and drug crime being committed in Sefton and in our communities across Liverpool.

"I hope that these recoveries also reassure the public that where we receive intelligence from the local community that drug crime is taking place we will respond and act to take drugs off our streets and put those responsible before the courts.

"If you know someone involved in drug crime, please do the right thing and get in touch with us. Dealing or using drugs can often lead to serious violence and we must work together to protect our communities from these substances."

If you know someone involved in the drugs supply chain or other associated criminality, please get in touch via Twitter @MerPolCC, via 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or call @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 anonymously.
