```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police in Sefton have made arrests, and seized weapons, drugs and cash as part of increased activity to disrupt serious and organised crime in the area in the past 48 hours.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests and drugs, weapons and cash seized in Sefton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/arrests-and-drugs-weapons-and-cash-seized-in-sefton/
title: Arrests and drugs, weapons and cash seized in Sefton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/arrests-and-drugs-weapons-and-cash-seized-in-sefton/
```

18:31 01/05/2020

Police in Sefton have made arrests, and seized weapons, drugs and cash as part of increased activity to disrupt serious and organised crime in the area in the past 48 hours.

We have deployed officers both in uniform and plain clothes using a range of tactics such as covert surveillance, stop searches and warrants.

In total, there have been seven people arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs, three males arrested on suspicion of firearms offences, one person arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon, and one man arrested on suspicion of disqualified driving.

Two have been summonsed for Covid-19 offences, and two shotgun shells and a stun gun were recovered in a warrant in South Sefton while about 300 wraps of Class A drugs as well as quantities of heroin and cannabis have been seized.

At 9am this morning (Friday 1 May) in Southport, two men were arrested on suspicion of drugs supply after a patrol on Bold Street noticed suspicious behaviour in a black Vauxhall Astra. Two men in the vehicle were detained and following a search, a number of bags of white powder were seized.

Two men from Southport, aged 28 and 36, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug (cocaine). They have been taken into custody for questioning.

Elsewhere, a 46-year-old man was arrested today (Friday) on suspicion of possession of a Section 1 Firearm, Section 18 Assault and criminal damage, and taken to a police station to be interviewed.

On Thursday, two men were spotted acting suspiciously and stopped by patrols on Bridge Road in Litherland. Following a search of the suspects, 24 revolver rounds were found and seized.

Dagan Youds, 19, of no fixed address and a 15-year-old male from Seacombe were arrested and charged with possession of a firearm without a certificate and with selling/transferring a prohibited weapon or ammunition and remanded in custody to appear at South Sefton Magistrates Court on 2 May.

Superintendent Graeme Robson, of the Sefton Community Policing team, said the results were a direct result of an increased police presence in the area.

He added: "Our communities regularly tell us about their concerns over serious and organised crime in Sefton, and we are grateful for their continued support.

"Unfortunately, the offenders involved in dealing drugs and storing and using weapons have not stopped operating during the current restrictions and in some cases have callously exploited the situation for their own gain.

"But we as a police force have not stopped operating either, and we too have adapted to the current situation. The arrests and seizures of the past 48 hours show that we remain one step ahead of these criminals and our resolve to make sure they cannot operate in Sefton is as strong as ever.

"Our streets and communities are made that bit safer every time we take a weapon, ammunition or drugs out of the hands of criminals. The results of the past 48 hours are extremely rewarding for our officers who continue to work hard during the challenging times we are all facing, and who often live as well as work in the areas they police.

"They are determined to protect their public from those involved in serious and organised crime who do not care about the impact they have on Sefton.

"We will carry on devoting resources and deploying a range of tactics - including stop searches, warrants, high visibility patrols and more - to ensure the positive results continue."

If you are aware of serious and organised crime in your area, do not hesitate to contact police on Twitter via @MerPolCC, by contacting @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
