```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating incidents during a mass gathering in Liverpool City Centre in June are issuing images of twelve men and one woman who may have information to assist our enquiries.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Second CCTV appeal following disorder in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/second-cctv-appeal-following-disorder-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Second CCTV appeal following disorder in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/second-cctv-appeal-following-disorder-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

10:44 09/07/2020

Detectives investigating incidents during a mass gathering in Liverpool City Centre in June are issuing images of twelve men and one woman who may have information to assist our enquiries.

On Friday 26 June, several thousand people attended the Pier Head, and at this and other locations, a number of criminal offences were reported, including assault, criminal damage and drug offences.

An extensive investigation is ongoing and we'd urge those pictured, or anyone who recognises them, to come forward at the earliest opportunity.

The photos circulated today show various people who were in the area of Victoria Street at around 2.30am in the early hours of Saturday, 27 June, following the initial gathering.

Come forward with the reference number if you know anyone pictured, let us know by emailing Operation.Precinct@merseyside.police.uk or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can also send any images and video via the following link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000379360.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "Our dedicated team continues to investigate in detail the disgraceful scenes which happened in Liverpool City Centre. We're looking for a minority of people intent on committing crime and anti-social behaviour, whose actions marred the good nature of the majority.

"Extensive enquiries continue and we'll keep issuing images and appeals to identify suspects and witnesses as we work our way through the evidence available to us. These particular people were in and around Victoria Street later on in the night after the initial Pierhead celebrations.

"At this location, incidents of disorder occurred, during which items were thrown and injuries were caused to officers, and damage to vehicles. They may have important information to assist us.

"We're pleased that the communities of Merseyside have come together to strongly condemn these scenes and to provide information. Thanks to all of those people and be assured that we're reviewing everything that comes in.

"Such gatherings put unnecessary strain on all of the emergency services at this time, and put the safety of those attending at risk. They also bring about the potential for lockdown measures to be reversed in certain areas, which would affect all of us who have shown patience and understanding during this pandemic.

"You can expect to see more updates in the coming weeks, as we thoroughly pursue those involved. I would urge anyone who has any information, images or footage to contact us, so we can identify those responsible for any offences and put them before the courts.

"As Liverpool FC, Liverpool City Council and many others have said: the time for public celebrations will come when it is safe to do so, and will be well worth waiting for."

You can provide information directly to our dedicated email address Operation.Precinct@merseyside.police.uk, and send any images and video via: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000379360
