```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from the New Brighton local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour in the New Brighton area. It comes into place at 8pm this evening (Friday, 26 June) and will run until 8pm Sunday, 28 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zone following incidents in New Brighton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/dispersal-zone-following-incidents-in-new-brighton/
title: Dispersal zone following incidents in New Brighton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/dispersal-zone-following-incidents-in-new-brighton/
```

15:05 26/06/2020

Officers from the New Brighton local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone this weekend following a number of reports of crime and anti-social behaviour in the New Brighton area. It comes into place at 8pm this evening (Friday, 26 June) and will run until 8pm Sunday, 28 June.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour and youths gathering in the area.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

The area covered by the order is show on the map, and covers areas including Kings Parade, Coastal Drive, Harrison Park and Warren Park.

Community Policing Inspector Paul Harrison said: "We're keenly aware of the significant impact that anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people we suspect of being involved in this type of behaviour in the area.

"Over the last few nights and weeks, we have been called to this area to reports of youths gathering. Last night (Thursday, 25 June) officers were called to two incidents of assault in this area, in which a 26-year-old man and an 18-year-old man were injured. An 18-year-old man from Oxton was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and affray and remains in police custody.

"The vast majority of people who use this area are law-abiding members of the community, and I just want to remind them that this order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information about anti-social behaviour, or criminal activity in their area to contact."

He added: "We would like to thank the vast majority of you who are adhering to social distancing measures and protecting the wider community from the virus as well as those who are continuing to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour and reporting it to us.

"It has never been more important than now to ensure that we all follow government advice, in place specifically for the safety of those living in Merseyside."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. We also welcome any information on the illegal use of off-road bikes, including who is riding them illegally and where they are stored. Always call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
