```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "As this week sees more people returning to work in Merseyside, we\u2019re reminding road users to help us keep our roads safe."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police remind road users to slow down and save lives
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/police-remind-road-users-to-slow-down-and-save-lives/
title: Police remind road users to slow down and save lives | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/police-remind-road-users-to-slow-down-and-save-lives/
```

09:17 19/05/2020

As this week sees more people returning to work in Merseyside, we're reminding road users to help us keep our roads safe.

This week marks the start of the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) two-week speed enforcement campaign, and we're working with our neighbouring North West forces to spread the message to all road users: Slow down and save lives.

Inspector Carl McNulty from our Roads Policing Unit said: "As travel restrictions start to ease, now is an important time to remind all road users to drive within speed limits, not use your mobile phone at the wheel and to wear seatbelts. This will help reduce the risks to those affected, and reduce any demand on the NHS.

"Many people won't have been out on the roads for weeks, and may not be used to some changes in behaviour, with more runners, walkers and cyclists getting used to exercising on the quieter roads. There is now a renewed responsibility on everyone to be alert for everyone sharing this space. Serious and fatal collisions are absolutely devastating for everyone involved, and we want to keep such tragedies as rare as we possibly can.

"Even as traffic was quieter in recent weeks, our officers have been busy patrolling key roads throughout Merseyside, enforcing speeding and other road laws as always. Since lockdown commenced in March, we've prosecuted 120 people across the force area for speeding offences, including cases where drivers were clocked at 103mph in a 50mph zone, and 100mph in a 70mph zone. During this time, more than 250 people have also been arrested in connection with drink or drug driving offences.

"Extra traffic of course means that there could be an increase in serious collisions, but we're determined that this doesn't have to be the case. Our enforcement has continued throughout lockdown, and safety camera vans are being deployed on the roads to keep speeds down. Help us keep us the good work, keep each other safe, and reduce any extra demand on our NHS."

If you want report an incident, you can report it online to the Merseyside Police Contact Centre on Twitter @MerPolCC or via Facebook. You can also report it anonymously to Crimestoppers (0800 555 111). If you need to report an incident of dangerous driving and have dashcam footage or images, you can submit it via the reporting tool on www.merseyside.police.uk
