```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have seized a cannabis farm worth around &#163;200,000 and arrested two people following enquiries in Speke yesterday, Wednesday 2 October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman and boy arrested and cannabis farm following enquiries seized in Speke
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/woman-and-boy-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-following-enquiries-seized-in-speke/
title: Woman and boy arrested and cannabis farm following enquiries seized in Speke | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/woman-and-boy-arrested-and-cannabis-farm-following-enquiries-seized-in-speke/
```

15:29 03/10/2019

We have seized a cannabis farm worth around £200,000 and arrested two people following enquiries in Speke yesterday, Wednesday 2 October.

At 10am, officers attended a residence on All Saints Road and noticed a strong smell of cannabis. Following a search, a cannabis crop comprising 50 plants was found, with a potential yearly yield of around £200,000.

A 47-year-old woman and a 16-year-old boy, both from Speke, were arrested on suspicion of cannabis production.

They have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "This excellent find represents yet more cannabis taken off the streets of Liverpool. We know from experience that the production of cannabis presents massive risks to those unfortunate enough to find themselves living close by. Such set-ups attract the threat of fire, flood and serious violent crime.

"If you suspect that such dangers are lurking in your community, call us or Crimestoppers with the details and together we can make your streets safer."

A video in which where Matt Brown from our Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT) explains how you can spot signs of cannabis being grown where you live can be found here - https://youtu.be/rc59i2dsZHM

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more suspicious

Anyone with information on suspected cannabis growing in their community can contact @MerPolCC, call 101 or come forward anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and we will do the rest.
