```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers are introducing a Section 60 order in the South Sefton area today, Tuesday 16 February, following two recent stabbings in Litherland and Seaforth.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 order introduced in South Sefton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/section-60-order-introduced-in-south-sefton/
title: Section 60 order introduced in South Sefton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/section-60-order-introduced-in-south-sefton/
```

16:51 16/02/2021

Officers are introducing a Section 60 order in the South Sefton area today, Tuesday 16 February, following two recent stabbings in Litherland and Seaforth.

Last night (Monday 15 February) at around 9.15pm it was reported that a man in his 20s had been stabbed in the groin on Pendle Drive in Litherland.

During the second incident at around 1.45am this morning (Tuesday 16 February), a man in his 20s was reported to have been stabbed on Bridge Road, close to Seaforth and Litherland Station on Seaforth Road, Seaforth.

Both victims are in a stable condition in hospital and extensive police enquiries continue to identify those responsible.

The Section 60 came into place at 3pm today (Tuesday 16 February) and will be in place until 3am tomorrow (Wednesday 17 February).

The Order, under S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop males aged 14-40 in the area (pictured) and is designed to minimise serious violence.

The area covered by the order is bounded by Edge Lane, past the fire station, Swift Lane, Sefton Moss Lane, Boundary Road, Church Road, Stanley Road, Knowsley Road, the A565, Cambridge Road and covers the perimeter of Rimrose Valley Park.

Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said: "At this stage we don't believe that these two incidents are linked, but are keeping an open mind as to the motives behind both. However, we know the community of Seaforth and Litherland and beyond will be alarmed to hear about both incidents, and will share our determination to find those responsible and remove them from the streets.

"That's why this Section 60 order has been introduced to give us more power to stop people in an effort to prevent any further violence.

"We will leave no stone unturned in our pursuit of anyone involved in the incidents, or indeed anyone prepared to endanger the lives of other people by carrying weapons in Merseyside. If you have any information in relation to these then please come forward and we will do the rest."

You can pass information via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook with reference numbers 21000100547 (Pendle Drive) and 21000100896 (Bridge Road/Seaforth Road). You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
