```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have welcomed the sentencing of a 58-year-old man for racially aggravated assault following an incident in September 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following racially aggravated assault in St George&#39;s Gardens, Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-st-georges-gardens-liverpool/
title: Man sentenced following racially aggravated assault in St George&#39;s Gardens, Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-st-georges-gardens-liverpool/
```

12:43 05/03/2021

We have welcomed the sentencing of a 58-year-old man for racially aggravated assault following an incident in September 2020.

Alexander Day, 58, of no fixed abode was jailed for 32 months when he appeared at Liverpool Crown Court this week (Wednesday 3 March).

On Tuesday 8 September 2020, Day shouted racial abuse at a man in his 40s in St George's Gardens, Liverpool. When the man confronted Day, Day struck him twice in the face with a glass bottle, causing injury.

Day attempted to flee the scene but was detained by police on Church Street and later charged.

Shortly before his trial started, Day pleaded guilty to Section 20 Wounding, Racially Aggravated Public Order and Possession of an Offensive Weapon.

Detective Inspector Nick Suffield said: "Day's actions last September were completely unacceptable and resulted in the victim being hospitalised with his injuries.

"This was a particularly serious attack which left the victim in considerable discomfort. To be subject to such an attack will have been a horrendous ordeal for him and I hope that today's sentencing will provide some closure.

"Behaviour such as that displayed by Day has no place in our communities across Merseyside and I hope he will use his time in prison to consider his actions.

"I would urge anyone else out there who may have been a victim of hate crime to tell us so we can take action. You will be supported at every step as sensitively as possible by officers who will take your reports seriously and do everything they can to bring perpetrators to justice.

"Our Hate Crime Co-ordinators can draw on a wealth of experience and expertise to provide effective and above all sensitive and appropriate support for victims.

"I would also like to remind people we have a number of third party reporting centres which enable people who feel more comfortable discussing their issues with an independent party to come forward."

Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. You can pass on information about hate crime to Police via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook via 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre.' You can also call contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

Support networks such as the Anthony Walker Foundation also provide emotional support, practical assistance and information to anyone requesting help with Hate Crime. If someone doesn't want to speak to the police, they can get support from the charity Stop Hate UK and they will act as a liaison if required. They can be contacted by calling 0800 138 1625.
