```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has been granted closure orders against two properties in Wirral following allegations of drug dealing and antisocial behaviour.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police granted closure order against two Wirral properties
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/merseyside-police-granted-closure-orders-against-two-wirral-properties/
title: Merseyside Police granted closure order against two Wirral properties | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/merseyside-police-granted-closure-orders-against-two-wirral-properties/
```

17:35 09/10/2020

Merseyside Police has been granted closure orders against two properties in Wirral following allegations of drug dealing and antisocial behaviour.

In recent months Magenta Living have had a number of complaints from residents regarding anti-social behaviour and drug use at 11b Fieldway Court in Birkenhead (pictured below)

The local policing team have executed a number of drugs warrants at the premises in recent months and large quantities of class A drugs have been seized.

Paul Francis, 49, and a 26 year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. Francis was charged with the offence and remanded into custody. The woman has been released under investigation.

Today at Liverpool Magistrates Court a full closure order was granted for a period of three months under section 80 of the Anti -Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. The order expires on the 9th January.

Access to the premises is prohibited under section 86 of the act and a person committing an offence is liable up to six months imprisonment.

The Wirral local policing team have also been dealing with reports of antisocial behaviour linked to 366 Beckwith Street in Birkenhead (pictured below).

Following an application a partial closure order was granted for the address. The order permits the elderly occupant to remain at the address and allow access to a number of named individuals.

Persons not named on the order are forbidden from entering the property within a three month period, which expires on 9th January 2021.

Notices have been placed on both properties and both Magenta Living and the local policing team will robustly enforce these orders.

Wirral Community Policing Inspector Tom Welch said: "Whenever we receive reports of antisocial behaviour or drug dealing we will do everything within our powers to work with partners including registered social landlords to take action and where necessary apply for closure orders.

"Members of the community have the right to live in their own homes in peace and without having to suffer the behaviour of individuals who couldn't care less about the misery they cause. It is also a priority for the force that we take action to protect the most vulnerable people.

"I would continue to encourage our communities to come forward and speak to us so that we can continue to take action."
