```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Joint statement from LFC, Merseyside Police and Liverpool City Council
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Joint statement from LFC, Merseyside Police and Liverpool City Council
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/joint-statement-from-lfc-merseyside-police-and-liverpool-city-council/
title: Joint statement from LFC, Merseyside Police and Liverpool City Council | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/joint-statement-from-lfc-merseyside-police-and-liverpool-city-council/
```

11:15 27/06/2020

Updated News Post

Starts

Joint statement from Liverpool Football Club, Merseyside Police and Liverpool City Council following mass gathering at the Pier Head last night

Throughout the last week, Liverpool Football Club, Merseyside Police, Liverpool City Council, public health and Spirit of Shankly, have worked together to consistently remind people that COVID-19 has not gone away and the region is still disproportionately affected by the virus and to dissuade them from coming together for any Premier League victory celebrations.

Despite this several thousand people turned up at the Pier Head last night (Friday, 26 June).

The crowd developed very quickly and officers had to close the side roads leading down to the Pier Head from The Strand for public safety. During the evening the over exuberance of some of those in attendance, who were setting off flares and fireworks, resulted in a small fire on a balcony of the Liver building which had to be put out by Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service. We cannot stress enough that behaviour such as this is wholly unacceptable and those who were setting off fireworks and flares in the crowd were putting the safety of those around them at risk.

Clearly we are still in a public health crisis and we need to work together with the public of Merseyside to prevent the potential spread of COVID-19.

In some areas of Merseyside crowds have ignored advice to observe social distancing and to avoid gathering in large groups. You can familiarise yourself with the latest Government advice here: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do

The potential danger of a second peak still exists and we need to work together to make sure we don't undo everything we have achieved as a region during lockdown.

The Government has made it clear this week that if people continue to ignore guidelines around mass gatherings, whether they be at beaches or beauty spots, or for celebrations like we saw last night and the night before in Liverpool, then they have the ability to close down public spaces and will close areas if necessary.

We all understand that fans want to celebrate, but now is not the time. We need to get through this first, and know that it is safe, before any victory parade can go ahead.

But rest assured, when the time is right the city can have a party and paint the town red, but we need to be patient for the safety of the public of Merseyside.

Ends
