```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re welcoming the sentence of a former teacher to six and a half years in prison for indecent assaults against a teenage girl, which took place in the 1990s."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former teacher Michael Stone sentenced to 6.5 years in prison for indecent assaults of girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/former-teacher-michael-stone-sentenced-to-6.5-years-in-prison-for-indecent-assaults-of-girl/
title: Former teacher Michael Stone sentenced to 6.5 years in prison for indecent assaults of girl | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/former-teacher-michael-stone-sentenced-to-6.5-years-in-prison-for-indecent-assaults-of-girl/
```

14:38 07/02/2020

We're welcoming the sentence of a former teacher to six and a half years in prison for indecent assaults against a teenage girl, which took place in the 1990s.

68-year-old Michael Stone from Silverdale Close in Frodsham, Cheshire was convicted of 11 counts of indecent assault following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

Stone had been teacher at a school in Liverpool at the time of the offences, which were reported to police in 2018.

Stone was also given an additional year on and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register.

Following the sentencing of Stone, Detective Inspector Simon Hurst said: "We are pleased that Stone has been robustly dealt with by the courts, following our detailed investigation. His offences were a massive breach of the trust and responsibility placed in teachers, and he now faces the consequences.

"I want to praise Stone's victim for having the courage and strength to come forward and support what is an extremely traumatic process, regardless of the time which has passed. In addition to the long-lasting effects of his previous abuse, Stone then put his victim through the additional ordeal of a trial.

"We treat all allegations of sexual offences sensitively and with compassion, and our specially trained officers will ensure that victims are listened to, safeguarded and supported every step of the way.

"If anybody else is out there suffering in silence I want you to know that there is help and support available, both from Merseyside Police, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will stand with you from the initial report and for as long as you need."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
