```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Update: A 39 year old man has now been charged following the recovery of a gun in Chatham Close, Seaforth on 5th Feb.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Officers in Sefton recover gun, silencer &amp; drugs during warrant'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/officers-in-sefton-recover-handgun-silencer--drugs-during-warrant/
title: 'UPDATE: Officers in Sefton recover gun, silencer &amp; drugs during warrant | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/officers-in-sefton-recover-handgun-silencer--drugs-during-warrant/
```

09:59 07/02/2020

**Update:** A 39 year old man has now been charged following the recovery of a gun in Chatham Close, Seaforth on 5th Feb.

39 year old Anthony Corish from Seaforth has been charged with possession of a firearm and sound moderator and possession of ammunition, all without appropriate certificate. He will appear at Liverpool Crown Court this morning (7th Feb).

The 40 year old woman also arrested has been released on police bail pending further investigation

 **
Original release:** Officers have carried out an MDA warrant in Chatham Close, Seaforth where they recovered a self-loading pistol, silencer and numerous rounds of ammunition hidden in an airing cupboard.

Targeted police officers and our Matrix team attended the address at around 10am yesterday morning (5th Feb).

Upon entry, officers located the weapon concealed in a bag in the bathroom airing cupboard alongside a silencer, ammunition, white powder suspected as being a Class A drug and a large amount of money. All items were seized for further investigation.

A 39 year old man and a 40 year old woman were both arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and possession with intent to supply drugs. They were both taken to custody for questioning.

Sgt Dave Uren said: "Storing or using guns illegally shows complete disregard to the safety of others and could lead to someone being seriously hurt or even killed.

"It is not tolerated by us and nor should it be tolerated by the wider public. I am appalled that this man and woman are in possession of this and hope this shows our communities here in Sefton that we will always act on information given to us and will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice."

Anyone that has information about this incident should get in touch quoting: 20000077522. Alternatively, if you have information on where dangerous weapons are being stored or know someone involved in criminal activity, please get in touch by calling 101, DM @MerPolCC or you can report anonymously via @CrimestoppersUK. #OpTarget
