```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Two men who were arrested as part of our continued investigations into large scale drug dealing in St Helens and Prescot areas have now been charged.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Two charged as officers investigate large scale drug dealing in St Helens'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/two-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-drugs-supply-in-st-helens/
title: 'UPDATE: Two charged as officers investigate large scale drug dealing in St Helens | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/two-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-drugs-supply-in-st-helens/
```

11:28 16/12/2020

Updated News Post

**16th December Update:**

Two men who were arrested as part of our continued investigations into large scale drug dealing in St Helens and Prescot areas have now been charged.

Philip Christopher Dearden, 30 of Westleigh Place, Sutton Leach was charged with two counts of Conspiracy to supply class A drugs (Cocaine and Heroin) and Conspiracy to supply class B drugs (Cannabis).

Mark Anthony Dumbell, 30 of Warrington Road, Prescot was charged with Conspiracy to supply class A drugs (Cocaine) and Conspiracy to supply class B drugs (Cannabis / Ketamine).

Both men were remanded in custody to appear before Liverpool Magistrates Court this morning (16th December).

15th December: Raids have taken place across Merseyside this morning as part of our efforts to target high profile drug dealers.

In the early hours of this morning (15th December) St Helens Local Policing Team, Targeted Officers and CID Officers were briefed for the day ahead, involving conducting a number of warrants and visiting a licenced premises to carry out investigations into those involved in committing drugs offences.

"Warrants form an vital part of our everyday job to keep our communities safe - Extensive planning goes into them and we spend a lot of time working with teams across the Force to ensure a successful outcome." A/Detective Inspector Steven O'Neill explains the importance of police warrants.

Officers arrived at two properties, one on Westleigh Place and the other on Warrington Road where they successfully arrested a 30 year-old man from Sutton Leach and a 30 year-old man from Prescot on two counts of suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (cocaine and heroin), conspiracy to supply Class B drugs (cannabis) and money laundering.

They are currently both in custody where they will be questioned by officers.

Searches of the properties remain ongoing.

A/Detective Inspector Steven O'Neill spoke after the raids "These style of warrants are vital in targeting people we believe to be involved in criminality and if successful, we can quickly take dangerous people, substances and weapons off our streets and protect the wider community.

"Our work today is ongoing as well as our efforts to tackle serious violence in the long term. If you know someone involved in crime or you might be worried about someone being taken down this path, it is not too late - please report it to us and give us the opportunity to safeguard vulnerable people, educate young people and lock up those exploiting them."

St Helens Targeted Policing Inspector Rob Budden added: "Our work remains ongoing to target the people we believe to be involved in drug supply as we know the misery in causes to our communities.

"I would ask anyone who has any information about anyone dealing drugs in their area to contact us so that we can take prompt action."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.

#OpTarget
