```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are joining police forces across the country to highlight the vital and challenging work of our response officers this week.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Response Policing Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/response-policing-week/
title: Response Policing Week | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/response-policing-week/
```

11:03 17/03/2021

We are joining police forces across the country to highlight the vital and challenging work of our response officers this week.

When members of the public call 999, it is our Response and Resolution team who attend emergencies that can range from domestic abuse incidents and serious assaults to bringing people who are missing and even suicidal back home safe and well.

Officers in response teams never know what situations they will face when they come into work each day, and have to be prepared to deal with a wide range of incidents, including complex and sometimes confrontational situations.

There is an emphasis during the week of action on wellbeing, and we are reminding officers of the resources available to them to address important issues such as fatigue and resilience.

During the week, response officers are also able to access a range of wellbeing initiatives specially designed for their needs from the force and Oscar Kilo, the National Police Wellbeing Service, to support their wellbeing and resilience and help them stay healthy and well. They will have access to webinars, podcasts and training that will provide tips and techniques on building resilience, managing stress, sleeping well and overcoming fatigue. The OK vans will also be around the force, supported by Merseyside' police's own wellbeing team.

Deputy Chief Constable of Merseyside Police Serena Kennedy is the National Police Chiefs' Council Response Policing Lead.

She said: "We recognise that response policing is a physically, mentally and emotionally demanding job. Response officers play a direct role in protecting and serving our communities, and these officers routinely face and deal with some of the most challenging and difficult situations in society.

"They are frequently the first on the scene whenever an incident occurs, and they are often the first and only contact that many ever have with the police service. For most victims of crime in Merseyside our response officers will be the first face they see, the first hand they hold and the first help that comes to them. Our officers acknowledge that while their jobs can be tough, the victims they meet are often going through extremely distressing periods of their life.

"It is only right that our officers feel supported in the work they do, and the aim of the week of action is for response officers to be heard and valued, to see their workplace successes celebrated, to know that their wellbeing is important and to understand how and where to seek support when it is needed."

Look out for more information on Twitter at @MerseyPolice and on Instagram @merseysidepolice during the week where we will be taking the opportunity to highlight the work of our response colleagues.
