```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an assault in Liverpool city centre on Friday, 18 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following serious assault in Liverpool city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/witness-appeal-following-serious-assault-in-liverpool-city-centre/
title: Witness appeal following serious assault in Liverpool city centre | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/witness-appeal-following-serious-assault-in-liverpool-city-centre/
```

10:50 23/09/2020

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an assault in Liverpool city centre on Friday, 18 September.

It was reported that at around 10.30pm, two men and a woman were approached by a group of around eight youths outside HSBC on Whitechapel.

The group asked them if they wanted to buy drugs and when they refused, assaulted the two men, kicking and punching them.

A 41-year-old man was left unconscious and was taken to hospital for treatment to serious but non-life threatening injuries to his head, face and hands.

A 23-year-old man sustained minor injuries.

The group of youths were described as males wearing all black clothing, with one wearing a grey hooded top, and a female with blonde hair wearing a coat with a fur trim.

An investigation is ongoing and anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information , is asked to get in touch.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "This attack was completely unprovoked and has left two men injured, one seriously.

"We are carrying out extensive enquiries, including exploring CCTV opportunities, to find those responsible for this nasty assault and would ask anyone who witnessed the incident, or a group of youths in the area fitting the description, to please come forward.

"We know Whitechapel is a typically busy area of the city centre, particularly on a Friday night, and a number of people must've seen or heard something. If you did, please let us know as any information could prove vital to the investigation."

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any further information, CCTV or dashcam footage, is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000567061 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
