```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police can confirm a former police officer has been given a formal dismissal from the force at a Special Case hearing on Thursday 26 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Retired officer formally dismissed after death by careless driving conviction
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/retired-officer-formally-dismissed-after-death-by-careless-driving-conviction/
title: Retired officer formally dismissed after death by careless driving conviction | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/retired-officer-formally-dismissed-after-death-by-careless-driving-conviction/
```

12:25 27/03/2020

Merseyside Police can confirm a former police officer has been given a formal dismissal from the force at a Special Case hearing on Thursday 26 March.

On 4 February this year Constable Andrew McKenna was sentenced to eight months imprisonment and banned from driving for two years and four months following a fatal road traffic collision in Liverpool City Centre in 2018.

At around 5.25pm on Thursday 15 February, a Ford Mondeo driven by McKenna while off duty was in collision with a female pedestrian close to the Cunard Building on Strand.

The pedestrian, 49-year-old Linda Meagor, suffered a serious head injury and was sadly pronounced deceased at hospital.

McKenna, 57, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving, and retired from the force in December 2018.

Following his conviction and sentencing, the Special Case Hearing was held at Merseyside Police Headquarters, chaired by Chief Constable Andy Cooke. McKenna was found to have breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour, namely: Discreditable Conduct, contrary to the Police (Conduct) Regulations 2012.

The findings of the hearing were that if Con McKenna had still been serving with Merseyside Police, the breach of the Standards of Professional Behaviour would have been assessed as Gross Misconduct, which would have led to him being dismissed from the force without notice.

As a result, he will be placed on the College of Policing Barred List, which prevents him obtaining future employment in policing.

Chief Superintendent Peter Costello, head of the force's Professional Standards Department, said: "Our thoughts today are first and foremost with the family of Linda Meagor, whose life was cut short all too soon.

"While nothing will ever undo the tremendous hurt they have been caused, I hope the conclusion of the court case and the findings of the Special Case hearing will provide them some closure as they continue their lives without Linda.

"This case is a tragic example of the consequences of speeding and careless driving, for everyone involved. A momentary lapse of attention or concentration can ruin many lives, and I would urge all motorists to exercise care and attention on the roads at all times."

Chief Supt Costello added: "While Andrew McKenna retired from the force in 2018, it was important to show that the manner of his driving that day, and its tragic consequences, would have led to his instant dismissal should he have still been employed.

"It also means he cannot apply to be a police employee here or anywhere else.

"We demand the highest possible standards from all our officers and staff at all times, on and off duty. The public quite rightly have high expectations of our officers and Merseyside Police is committed to ensuring we meet those expectations.

"When anyone employed by Merseyside Police falls below those standards, we will always investigate and act appropriately to ensure the public can continue to have the utmost confidence in the force.

"The vast majority of our officers do an exemplary job and serve our communities with compassion, integrity and professionalism. On 15 February 2018, Con McKenna's conduct fell far below these standards and as a result of his actions he will not be employed by the police again."
