```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Kirkby yesterday (13th August) arrested a 26 year old man after he was found in possession of 300 blocks of Cannabis resin hidden inside a sports bag.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: 300 blocks of Cannabis resin found in sports bag following vehicle stop check'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-300-blocks-of-cannabis-resin-found-in-sports-bag-following-vehicle-stop-check/
title: 'OP TARGET: 300 blocks of Cannabis resin found in sports bag following vehicle stop check | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/op-target-300-blocks-of-cannabis-resin-found-in-sports-bag-following-vehicle-stop-check/
```

12:15 14/08/2020

Officers in Kirkby yesterday (13th August) arrested a 26 year old man after he was found in possession of 300 blocks of Cannabis resin hidden inside a sports bag.

At around 2pm officers spotted a black Volkswagon Golf being driven dangerously, they stopped the vehicle on Simonswood Lane.

During a search of the car, officers located cannabis resin which was seized and the man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs.

A further search of his home was conducted where officers found several suspected imitation firearms, a machete, sword, large knives, mace and several throwing knives.

D/Sgt Peter McCullough said "This is a great result and shows that proactive policing really does get dangerous people off our streets. Our investigation teams work tirelessly to ensure we bring offenders to justice and protect the public. Not only have we taken these drugs out of distribution, we have potentially stopped someone from getting seriously injured through the use of one of these weapons.

"There is no need for anyone across Merseyside to carry a knife - they do not protect you, they will cause more harm than good and you could land yourself with serious consequences if you're caught or you end up using it.

"Do the right thing, report those involved in crime and leave the knives in the kitchen - where they belong."

Anyone that knows of someone involved in the supply and distribution of drugs or any other type of serious criminal activity, should get in touch @MerPolCC #OpTarget
