```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "October 2020 is Black History Month, which is a time dedicated to shine a light on our shared British History but also a time to look forward and celebrate the here and now \u2013 and the future possibilities."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sponsored event in aid of The Anthony Walker Foundation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/sponsored-event-in-aid-of-the-anthony-walker-foundation/
title: Sponsored event in aid of The Anthony Walker Foundation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/sponsored-event-in-aid-of-the-anthony-walker-foundation/
```

13:57 16/10/2020

October 2020 is Black History Month, which is a time dedicated to shine a light on our shared British History but also a time to look forward and celebrate the here and now - and the future possibilities.

As part of Merseyside Police's support for Black History Month, the force is encouraging officers and staff to come together and celebrate by sharing and listening to the personal stories and reflections of our black officers and staff; highlighting our career and development opportunities and respecting the force's commitment to learning and standing together against racism.

Merseyside Police BAME Staff Network Association has planned to take this one step further and have organised a **' Sponsored Virtual 10k or 5k, Cycle, run, jog or walk' in aid of 'The Anthony Walker Foundation'**.

The 'The Anthony Walker Foundation' (AWF) was established in 2006, to create a positive, lasting legacy in Anthony's name. The AWF works to tackle racism, hate crime and discrimination by providing educational opportunities, victim support services and by promoting equality, equity and inclusion for all.

The network is hoping to use this sponsored virtual event as a way to both raise awareness of Black History Month and raise funds to support the AWF, so they can continue the fantastic work they do to educate young people in our communities and help to eradicate racism.

Due to the Coronavirus restrictions, the sponsored activity has been set up as a 'Virtual' event. If you are able to show your support, you can do so in the following ways:

1\. **Sponsoring all the members of the BAME network taking part in this event by donating via the dedicated'Just Giving' page** and by sharing this page link via your social media channels

2\. **By cycling, running, jogging or walking either 10k (6.2miles) or 5k (3.1 miles) between 19th & 25th October 2020** (Please only participate if you are fit/able and medically capable, and do so at a pace which is sensible for you). There is no formal registration for this event, but if you do receive any sponsorship for taking part, you will need to send your sponsors the 'Just Giving' link and get them to comment, stating who they are supporting. Please also share any photos or videos during/after the race on twitter, tagging in **@MerPolBame** and **@awf_liverpool**. The event hashtag is **#RunForAWF** but additional hashtags are also encouraged that promote positivity and anti-racism.

Paul Doran who is one of the organisers of the event, said: "We were reminded this summer of the shocking racist murder of Anthony Walker which occurred during 2005, when the BBC aired a film depicting the life which Anthony could have had. I, like I'm sure many others, vividly recall the incident occurring and remember feeling shocked and saddened that something like that had happened in Merseyside. The Walker family have shown great strength and dignity following the death of Anthony and during 2006 they setup the Anthony Walker Foundation.

The AWF helps spread anti-racism and assists victims of racially aggravated crime. As a committee member of Merseyside Police's BAME Staff Association I want to help AWF raise much needed funds to enable them to continue to educate the youth of Merseyside in the hope that in the long term, this will reduce racism and in particular, racially aggravated crime. The majority of the committee are taking part in this virtual event during Black History Month and we would really appreciate your participation and donations. Any amount would be greatly appreciated."

Dominique Walker, Anthony's sister said "My family, AWF and I are so thankful to Paul Doran and all at the Merseyside Black Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) staff network for thinking of Anthony and our organisation at this difficult time for everyone.

For them to recognise that we need continued support for our hate crime support service, our educational inputs in schools is testament to the ongoing work of Merseyside BAME association. They have not only considered their own members but are helping to promote racial harmony in our communities. This is a fundamental part of working to create more inclusive communities.

Blessings and thank you to everyone who will run, walk, swim or cycle for AWF, your dedication allows us to support hate crime victims and communities right across Merseyside. Thank you to Merseyside BAME and all Merseyside Police Officers and staff taking part"
