```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested four people as part of a joint operation targeting county lines drug dealing today, Thursday, 16 April.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested in Barrow and Liverpool following County Lines operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/four-arrested-in-barrow-and-liverpool-following-county-lines-operation/
title: Four arrested in Barrow and Liverpool following County Lines operation | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/four-arrested-in-barrow-and-liverpool-following-county-lines-operation/
```

17:03 16/04/2020

 Officers have arrested four people as part of a joint operation targeting county lines drug dealing today, Thursday, 16 April.

Working alongside Cumbria Police, warrants were carried out at two addresses in Barrow and Liverpool at around 7.30am this morning following an investigation into the County Lines supply of Class A drugs from Liverpool to Barrow.

In Barrow, a 35-year-old man from Barrow and a 35-year-old man from Wirral were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

In Liverpool, a 26-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman, both from the Old Swan area were also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

They have all been taken into custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry said: "Today's arrests follow an extensive investigation into the supply of drugs from Liverpool to Barrow using the County Lines method, and it pleasing to see four individuals now in custody.

"Those involved in County Lines drug supply bring misery to communities near and far with no regard for the lives they affect. Often, they also target and coerce young and vulnerable people into becoming involved in the dealing for them.

"I hope today's arrests show that despite the current coronavirus situation we are all facing, this by no means impacts on our pursuit of individuals involved in serious and organised crime.

"We will continue to work closely, and safely, with other forces and partner agencies to investigate crime, make arrests, remove criminals from our communities and put them before the courts."

If you have any information on drug supply or crime in your area, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111.
