```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have made arrests and recovered weapons, cash and drugs following policing activity across Merseyside yesterday, Thursday, 20 August.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made and weapons, drugs and cash recovered following activity across Merseyside
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/arrests-made-and-weapons-drugs-and-cash-recovered-following-activity-across-merseyside/
title: Arrests made and weapons, drugs and cash recovered following activity across Merseyside | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/arrests-made-and-weapons-drugs-and-cash-recovered-following-activity-across-merseyside/
```

16:19 21/08/2020

We have made arrests and recovered weapons, cash and drugs following policing activity across Merseyside yesterday, Thursday, 20 August.

Working together with partners, officers carried out high visibility patrols, executed warrants and engaged with our communities to crack down on criminality in various areas.

In Anfield, officers recovered a cannabis farm of approximately 60 plants following a warrant at an address in Hawkesworth Street.

Following a stop check in Ford Street, Liverpool, officers recovered a knife and suspected cocaine, and arrested a 20-year-old man from on suspicion of possession of class A drugs and possession of an offensive weapon. He has since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

In Kirkby, officers recovered a large amount of cash and arrested a 21-year-old man on suspicion of possession of criminal property, following the stop check of a vehicle which had been travelling at high speed on Newstet Road. He has since been released under investigation.

Elsewhere in Knowsley, quadbike patrols were carried out in various areas and high visibility patrols were carried out in the Hillside Avenue area of Huyton.

Targeted Inspector Jon Coote said: "Yesterday's results are down to multiple teams working together, including Local Policing, Investigations and Matrix along with our key partners, to crack down on criminal activity across Merseyside.

"As well as some great proactive arrests and seizures, officers were able to engage with our communities, gathering information on concerns and criminality in the area, as well as offering advice, reassurance and providing high visibility patrols.

"Proactive work such as this is carried out by officers across Merseyside every day to ensure it remains a safe place for our communities to live, work and visit and we will continue to listen to the public's concerns and act on any information given to us."

If you have information on criminality in your area, please contact @MerPolCC or 101. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
