```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have carried out 11 warrants at addresses across Sefton today, Thursday 22nd October, as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling Class A and Class B drug dealing.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eleven people arrested as part of strike day to tackle drug dealing in Southport
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/Eleven-people-arrested-as-part-of-strike-day-to-tackle-drug-dealing-in-southport/
title: Eleven people arrested as part of strike day to tackle drug dealing in Southport | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/Eleven-people-arrested-as-part-of-strike-day-to-tackle-drug-dealing-in-southport/
```

13:39 22/10/2020

We have carried out 11 warrants at addresses across Sefton today, Thursday 22nd October, as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling Class A and Class B drug dealing.

Officers attended at a number of addresses in Southport together with an address in Formby and one address in the L13 area of Liverpool.

Ten men and one woman have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs

The men are aged 19, 20, 22, 23, 25, 25, 25, 26, 29 and 32 and a 51 year-old woman. All are currently in custody where they will be questioned by detectives.

A quantity of cash and Class B drugs was also recovered.

Sefton Superintendent Graeme Robson said: "I want our communities to know that even during a pandemic our work does not stop - it really is business as usual when it comes to tackling criminals and bringing them to justice.

"We fully understand the scourge that drug dealing and the associated gang criminality has on our communities and we are determined to stamp it out.

"We have spent a considerable amount of time gathering information and intelligence in order for us to take this action today to rid the streets of Class A and Class B drugs and the people who sell and distribute them.

"It's also important that we are able to identify the vulnerable people in our communities who are taken advantage of by these gangs and give them the help that they need.

"I hope that people feel reassured by our actions today and will continue to come forward with information about drug dealing and other related criminality in their local communities in order for us to continue to take action."

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing or criminality in their area can DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
