```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Today (27th Feb) officers have been in and around Birkenhead Town Centre to try and reduce serious violence and gang crime whilst working with partner agencies to raise awareness on homelessness in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers take to Birkenhead in multi-agency \u2018Day of Action\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/officers-take-to-birkenhead-in-multi-agency-day-of-action/
title: "Officers take to Birkenhead in multi-agency \u2018Day of Action\u2019 | Merseyside Police"
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/officers-take-to-birkenhead-in-multi-agency-day-of-action/
```

17:19 27/02/2020

Today (27th Feb) officers have been in and around Birkenhead Town Centre to try and reduce serious violence and gang crime whilst working with partner agencies to raise awareness on homelessness in the area.

The day of action focused primarily on the Harrowby Road and Grange Road areas but officers also headed to The Woodlands, Raffles Road, Lansdowne Road and St Pauls Road.

First, the Community Payback Team took to Harrowby Road where they managed to fill three skips with rubbish that had been fly-tipped down surrounding alleyways. They were joined by officers and local councillors who delivered leaflets and spoke to locals around crime prevention.

Next, high vis patrol officers were by Asda on Grange Road raising awaress of those living on the streets. They were supported by YMCA, Charles Thompsons mission, ARK project and Wirral Ways to Recovery. Here, a 40 year old woman from Liscard was also arrested for breaching her Community Behaviour Order which prohibited her from entering Birkenhead Town Centre.

A warrant was then carried out at an address on The Woodlands under the misuse of drugs act where a man, aged 34 from Liscard, was located where it transpired was wanted on seven no bail warrants. A 45 year old woman from New Brighton was also arrested at the address for possession of Class A drugs, believed to be cocaine and heroin.

Elsewhere, Officers attended an address in Raffles Road where they located over 100 cannabis plants. Unfortunately no one was inside the property, however investigations are ongoing to identify the owner.

Officers also received a report that a man was carrying a firearm on Lansdowne Road. Armed patrols attended and challenged the 25 year old man from Birkenhead who was subsequently arrested.

Then, near Lidl on St Pauls Road, another 25 year old man from Rock Ferry was arrested for Robbery after he was detained having stolen items and assaulting a store worker earlier this afternoon. Thankfully no one was seriously injured and he was taken to custody for questioning.

Sgt Alan McKeon said "Activity like this isn't uncommon and we enjoy working with our partners to raise awareness of different issues that can lead to serious violence.

"Today's arrests have come from the public speaking to us and telling us their concerns as well as ongoing monitoring and investigations by officers and staff. We are continually working to make Birkenhead a safe place and there is no room for those set on being involved in criminal activity. If you suspect someone, we want to know about it - get in touch via 101, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously." #OpTarget
