```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after reports of a large group of youths causing nuisance and antisocial behaviour in the Newton-le-Willows area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after ASB in Newton-le-Willows
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-asb-in-newton-le-willows/
title: Appeal for information after ASB in Newton-le-Willows | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-asb-in-newton-le-willows/
```

12:41 08/01/2021

We are appealing for information after reports of a large group of youths causing nuisance and antisocial behaviour in the Newton-le-Willows area.

We received numerous calls yesterday, Thursday 7th January, that a group had gathered on foot and on scrambler bikes on Raleigh Close, close to Vulcan sports club. It was reported the group were setting off fireworks and causing antisocial behaviour.

When patrols arrived missiles were thrown at officers before the group dispersed at around 6pm.

CCTV enquiries are being carried out in the local area and investigation is underway.

St Helen Community Policing Chief Inspector Paul Holden said: "We are currently in the middle of a pandemic and the government has instructed that we should all be staying at home in order to keep ourselves, our loved ones, and other people safe.

"Gathering in large groups or with people not from your household or support bubble is not permitted for any reason and I would ask parents in the local area - please keep your children and teenagers at home, not only for their own safety but for the wellbeing and peace of mind of the rest of the community.

"This type of behaviour is never acceptable and it's even worse when witnessed by the large percentage of law abiding members of the public who have made sacrifices and done the right thing by staying at home.

"I would appeal for anyone who thinks they may have captured anything on CCTV, dashcam or mobile phone, or has any information about who may have been present at yesterday's gathering to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 21000014694 so that we can take appropriate action."
