```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued three &#163;10,000 fines for breach of coronavirus legislation after a bonfire was held on public land in Wirral.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three &#163;10,000 fines issued for breach of Coronavirus legislation after bonfire in Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-10000-fines-issued-for-breach-of-coronavirus-legislation-after-bonfire-in-wirral/
title: Three &#163;10,000 fines issued for breach of Coronavirus legislation after bonfire in Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-10000-fines-issued-for-breach-of-coronavirus-legislation-after-bonfire-in-wirral/
```

10:25 05/11/2020

We have issued three £10,000 fines for breach of coronavirus legislation after a bonfire was held on public land in Wirral.

At 8.50pm last night, Wednesday 4th November, it was reported that large crowds of people had gathered at a bonfire on Meadow Crescent, Woodchurch.

Officers from Merseyside Police and Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service attended and upon their arrival a number of youths threw fireworks towards them, which thankfully resulted in no injuries.

Two 36 year-old men and a 43 year-old woman, all from the Wirral area, have now each been issued with issued with a fixed penalty notice to pay a £10,000 fine.

Chief Inspector Matthew Moscrop said: "There was a blatant disregard for Covid-19 restrictions, with hundreds of people in attendance drinking alcohol, mixing with other households and ignoring social distancing.

"We have consistently encouraged people to comply with guidance and explained why it is so important. But when someone so brazenly flouts legislation it leaves us with no option but to take strong enforcement action.

"We are continuing to encourage people to continue to follow the restrictions and avoid bonfires on public land tonight but where necessary we will not hesitate to take the same action because the safety of vulnerable people in Merseyside and our key healthcare workers depends on it.

"We have now entered a month of further national restrictions and it is more important than ever that we all play our role in stopping the spread of coronavirus."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings, you can contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
