```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are investigating after the attempted theft of an ATM machine in south Liverpool last night, Sunday 25th October.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after two attempted ATM thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-two-attemped-atm-thefts/
title: Appeal for information after two attempted ATM thefts | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-two-attemped-atm-thefts/
```

11:49 26/10/2020

We are investigating after the attempted theft of an ATM machine in south Liverpool last night, Sunday 25th October.

We were contacted at 11.25pm following reports that a group of males had attempted to remove the ATM from the BP petrol station on Aigburth Road.

The males failed and fled the scene in a white Transit van which a few minutes later was found abandoned at the junction of Aigburth Road and Grassendale Road.

The males are then believed to have got into a black Seat car which drove Grassendale Road and turned left onto Aigburth Road travelling towards the city centre.

An investigation is underway and CCTV and forensic enquiries have been carried out.

It is believed the attempt is linked to an incident an hour earlier, at 10.30pm, when it was reported that a group of males were trying to smash their way into a standalone cash machine outside Orrell Park train station. The males were disturbed and made off empty-handed in a white van and dark coloured car along Orrell Lane towards Bootle.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "Both incidents happened within an hour and we believe that the same males were responsible for both.

"In both cases they left the scenes empty-handed but damage was caused to the ATM machines and we are determined to find the people responsible.

"I would appeal for anyone who was in the area around Orrell Park or Aigburth Road last night who saw either vehicle or anyone suspicious to contact us.

"I would also ask anyone who was in the area who has dash-cam footage to check it in case they caught anything significant."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 20000648006.
