```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives in Sefton are appealing for information following stabbings in Litherland and Seaforth.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following stabbing incidents in Sefton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-incidents-in-sefton/
title: Appeal for information following stabbing incidents in Sefton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-incidents-in-sefton/
```

11:09 16/02/2021

Detectives in Sefton are appealing for information following stabbings in Litherland and Seaforth.

At around 9.15pm on Monday night (15 February), emergency service were called to Pendle Drive in Litherland to reports of a man in his 20s being stabbed in the groin. He was taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment and is in a stable condition. It is believed that three males wearing masks arrived on a motorbike close to Perfecto Takeaway and attacked the victim before riding off.

In the second incident, which happened at around 1.45am this morning (16 February), a man in his 20s was reportedly followed by two males, on Bridge Road, close to Seaforth and Litherland Station on Seaforth Road, Seaforth. The males assaulted the victim, before he was able to run off towards the Red Lion Pub. He called an ambulance and was taken to hospital for treatment to stab wounds to his torso and face. His current condition is stable. The suspects in the second incident were described as young males wearing balaclavas.

A road closure was in place at the junction of Bridge Road and Seaforth Road while initial enquiries were carried out. The road has now been reopened.

CCTV, forensic and house-to-house enquiries are ongoing and officers will be in the area to speak to the community and gather information.

Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said: "At this stage we don't believe that these incidents are linked, but are keeping an open mind as to the motives behind both. However, we know the community of Seaforth and Litherland and beyond will be alarmed to hear about both incidents, and will share our determination to find those responsible and remove them from the streets.

"The Pendle Drive incident is believed to have involved suspects on a motorbike. If you live close to this location and saw or heard the incident or a motorbike being ridden at around this time, let us know. Any CCTV or dashcam could be vital in tracking those people down. Likewise, if anyone saw or has any information, images or footage in relation to the second incident, come forward. We're carrying out extensive enquiries in relation to both.

"The use of knives and other weapons can cause devastation and both victims will be extremely distressed to have experienced such attacks, and through luck alone were not more seriously injured.

"We're committed to responding to all information from those communities affected and seize weapons and arrest suspects on a daily basis. This is only possible with the help of those who live in the area, so tell us what you know and we will do the rest."

You can pass information via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police COntact Centre' on Facebook with reference numbers 21000100547 (Pendle Drive) and 21000100896 (Bridge Road/Seaforth Road). You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
