```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a man was threatened in his home by three men carrying weapons in New Ferry on Tuesday night (4 August 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man threatened at New Ferry flat
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-after-man-threatened-at-new-ferry-flat/
title: Appeal after man threatened at New Ferry flat | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/appeal-after-man-threatened-at-new-ferry-flat/
```

13:52 06/08/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was threatened in his home by three men carrying weapons in New Ferry on Tuesday night (4 August 2020).

We were called at 9.40pm to the report that the offenders had entered the flat and demanded money from the victim. Two were carrying flick knives and one had a screwdriver.

The victim, a 32-year-old man, was unharmed but left extremely shaken by the incident.

One of the offenders wore dark jeans and a blue jacket with a medical mask. The second and third male were both described as wearing a white builder's dust mask, a black hooded jacket and black tracksuit bottoms.

They left on foot in the direction of Bebington train station.

Officers attended the scene and have conducted house to hose enquiries and a forensic examination of the scene. CCTV opportunities are also being looked into.

Detective Inspector Tara Denn said: "This was a shocking incident and the victim, while unharmed, was put through a harrowing ordeal late at night.

"At this stage we believe it was a targeted incident and may have been a case of mistaken identity.

"We are determined to trace those responsible and will do everything in our power to bring them to justice.

"Officers are studying CCTV in the area and have spoken to neighbours, but if you saw anything suspicious at about 9.40pm on Tuesday in New ferry, or three males matching the descriptions of the offenders, please come forward."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information about who was involved can DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 quoting incident reference 20000463123 or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
