```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'This week #OpTarget officers have been busy conducting a number of warrants to trace those involved in serious and violent crime.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 34 warrants across Merseyside result in 26 arrests as part of ongoing Op Target activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/34-warrants-across-merseyside-result-in-26-arrests-as-part-of-ongoing-op-target-activity/
title: 34 warrants across Merseyside result in 26 arrests as part of ongoing Op Target activity | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/34-warrants-across-merseyside-result-in-26-arrests-as-part-of-ongoing-op-target-activity/
```

16:38 08/11/2019

This week #OpTarget officers have been busy conducting a number of warrants to trace those involved in serious and violent crime.

In total, 34 warrants have taken place this past week in areas including Norris Green, Fazakerley, Croxteth, Mossley Hill, Walton, Dingle, Toxteth, Kirkdale, Bootle, Waterloo, Southport, Dovecot, Anfield and Old Swan.

During the warrants, officers made 26 arrests for offences including possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, on suspicion of attempted murder, money laundering, handling stolen goods and firearms offences. Two fixed penalty notices were also issued.

Along with this success, the warrants resulted in a number of seizures including the recovery of two cannabis farms, a large quantity of cash amounting to over £80,000, individual bags of cannabis, Class A and B drugs, 16 bicycles, a firearm and ammunition.

Inspector Jon Coote said: "Officers across the force have been and will continue to carry out these types of warrants in our effort to take dangerous people, weapons and substances off our streets.

"We hope the number of arrests just this week gives the community some reassurance and we can assure you that we are doing everything in our power to protect those living in Merseyside and making our county a safer place.

"We also want to warn those content on committing crime that we will find them and bring them to justice. Our hard work remains ongoing and we are seeing positive results on a daily basis.

"We have also spent a lot of time engaging with the community and we appreciate the public speaking to us and voicing their concerns as well as sharing information and we encourage anyone that has any information to please reach out to us. We will continue carrying out high visibility patrols and ongoing activity to disrupt criminals."

Anyone with information should call 101, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK anonymously.
