```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued CCTV images of a man we believe may have vital information that could assist an investigation into a series of burglaries in Liverpool and Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV appeal after series of burglaries in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/cctv-appeal-after-series-of-burglaries-in-liverpool/
title: CCTV appeal after series of burglaries in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/cctv-appeal-after-series-of-burglaries-in-liverpool/
```

08:14 04/06/2020

We have issued CCTV images of a man we believe may have vital information that could assist an investigation into a series of burglaries in Liverpool and Greater Manchester.

On 27 May, Peter Paradi, 44, of Queens Road, Manchester was jailed for 15 years for his role in four burglaries and one attempted burglary in Liverpool, as well as 10 burglaries and a robbery in Greater Manchester.

Investigations into the offences continue as police believe Paradi did not act alone, and it is thought the man pictured may be able to assist ongoing enquiries.

Four of the incidents in Liverpool happened on 20 September:

• An attempted burglary at an address in Dudlow Lane, Liverpool between 10.30-11.30am when offenders - including Paradi - were spotted in a back garden
• A burglary at an address in Calder Grange, Liverpool at 1.30pm when cash and jewellery were stolen
• A burglary at an address in Dowsefield Lane, Liverpool between 12.30-2.45pm when a yellow drill and jewellery were stolen
• A burglary at an address on Menlove Avenue, Liverpool at 2.55pm when a safe containing cash and jewellery was taken

And at 1.55pm on 29 October 2019, there was a burglary at an address in Church Road, Woolton.

During the offences, cash, jewellery and other items were taken.

Detective Sergeant Darren Hankin said: "We have already made significant progress investigating these incidents, and only last month a man was jailed for a total of 15 years for his involvement in them.

"But we know from witness accounts and CCTV footage that Peter Paradi did not always act alone, and we are keen to bring all those responsible to justice.

"Burglars think nothing of the impact they have when they violate the safety of people's homes, taking items of great financial and sentimental value from their owners.

"Since we introduced Operation Castle in 2018 - our targeted operation to prevent burglaries and put offenders before the courts - we have seen burglaries drop by a third. That means hundreds of people have been spared the distress of finding their home has been burgled, and we are determined to continue our efforts to put more offenders where they belong and prevent more incidents."

If you recognise the man pictured, please contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100537604 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
