```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Can you help us find 17 year old Trene Colcozy-Rogers?\n\n We would like to speak to him in relation to an ongoing murder investigation where a 26-year-old man was stabbed in the early hours of this morning (26th June)."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal for significant witness following murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/further-appeal-for-significant-witness-following-murder/
title: Further appeal for significant witness following murder | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/further-appeal-for-significant-witness-following-murder/
```

16:49 27/06/2020

Can you help us find 17 year old Trene Colcozy-Rogers?

We would like to speak to him in relation to an ongoing murder investigation where a 26-year-old man was stabbed in the early hours of Friday 26th June.

Emergency services were called to the address on Oakham Street, Toxteth at around 6.15am on 26th June. There they found an injured 26-year-old man, believed to have been stabbed. Sadly, he later died as a result of his injuries.

Trene, 17 from Wavertree, Liverpool is described as a black male, around 5 foot 9, of medium build, with black hair, and brown eyes.

Detective Inspector Jennie Beck said: "We are still in the very early stages of an investigation and are working to establish the full circumstances of the incident. We are speaking with a number of people who we believe were at the house at the time of the incident, in attendance at a party.

"At this time the motive for the attack is unknown and we are keeping an open mind. I understand this incident will cause much shock and concern for the local community but I want to reassure you, we are working hard to find the person(s) responsible for the tragic death of this young man."

"We'd like to remind the public that should you recognise Trene or know where he is, please let us know as we believe he could have crucial information to help us with our investigations. Please avoid approaching him and get in touch with us as a matter of urgency."

You can contact us with any information at @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
