```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Detectives are today, Tuesday 16th February, continuing to appeal for the public\u2019s help following the sad discovery of the body of a baby boy on Brackenwood golf course in Wirral."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal to find mum of baby boy found in Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/continued-appeal-to-find-mum-of-baby-boy-found-in-wirral/
title: Continued appeal to find mum of baby boy found in Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/continued-appeal-to-find-mum-of-baby-boy-found-in-wirral/
```

12:23 16/02/2021

Detectives are today, Tuesday 16th February, continuing to appeal for the public's help following the sad discovery of the body of a baby boy on Brackenwood golf course in Wirral.

At around 4.25pm on Friday 29th January two dog walkers came across the body of the full-term baby in a wooded area at the side of a footpath close to the 16th green of the golf course.

It is believed the baby may have been there for some weeks before being discovered. Forensic tests are still being carried out to establish the cause of death.

Detectives have been carrying out extensive enquiries in conjunction with the local authority and health and social care colleagues and other police forces as well as making further enquiries into the recent birth of baby boys on the Wirral which will be extended to the wider Merseyside area and neighbouring forces.

Following an extensive search of the golf course officers found a toy baby doll which had some grey tape wrapped around it alongside a plastic protein shake/water bottle with a red top in the wooded area around the course.

It is not clear at this stage if the discovery is in anyway connected but we would ask for anyone with information to come forward so the discovery can be eliminated from enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Judith Blease said: "Investigations of this kind always take time and I would like to thank the people living nearby the golf course for their patience while we have carried out our enquiries.

"Officers carried out a painstaking and lengthy search of the golf course and surrounding area to establish if there was anything further to assist the investigation.

"It is not clear if the doll or the bottle is anyway connected with this case but we would ask anyone who thinks they saw either item or has any idea how they ended up there to contact us so that we can eliminate them.

"We are continuing to work closely with our partners to follow a number of potential lines of enquiry as we all know how important it is for us to find the baby's mum and ensure she is safe and well and has the help and support that she needs.

"We know there has been a huge outpouring of sympathy from the local community and we have received offers of assistance and donations of clothing and blankets for the baby from local charities and bereavement groups. We are grateful but would ask that no further items are donated.

"I would continue to ask for anyone who has information to please come forward. It is vital that we are able to find the baby's mum and reunite the baby with his family so that he can be put to rest."

Anyone who has information which could assist the investigation is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
