```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives in Wirral are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Tranmere last night, Saturday 7 March.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wirral detectives appeal for information following aggravated burglary in Tranmere, Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/wirral-detectives-appeal-for-information-following-aggravated-burglary-in-tranmere-wirral/
title: Wirral detectives appeal for information following aggravated burglary in Tranmere, Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/wirral-detectives-appeal-for-information-following-aggravated-burglary-in-tranmere-wirral/
```

15:01 08/03/2020

Detectives in Wirral are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Tranmere last night, Saturday 7 March.

At around 10pm, officers were called to a residence on Victoria Road to reports of a group of five males forcing entry, one in possession of knife, and demanding money. A man and woman inside the address were assaulted, and a small amount of cash and cards were stolen before the males ran off.

The man suffered head, facial injuries and a serious injury to his arm. He is being treated in hospital. The woman was punched to the head, sustaining a minor injury. Both victims are being supported by officers.

The suspects are described as wearing dark tracksuits with hoods up and face coverings.

CCTV, forensic, witness and house-to-house enquiries are being carried out as detectives investigate.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Baker said: "This was an appalling attack on two people, invading what should be the safe sanctuary of their home. We initially believe they were targeted in a case of mistaken identity, with threats, weapons and violence used to steal small amounts of money. We're keeping an open mind as to what their true intentions were.

"But whatever the circumstances, I'm sure that everyone will be alarmed that such a thing has happened. I want to assure those who live locally and the wider community that we will leave no stone unturned in tracking down this despicable group and putting them before the courts.

"If you saw or heard anyone acting suspiciously in the area yesterday evening, or think you might have caught this group on home CCTV, dashcam or another device, please come forward as soon as you can and we will take positive action to remove these dangerous people from your streets."

Anyone with information is asked to contact our social media desk @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
