```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have issued a number of fixed penalty notices following reports of large gatherings of people at properties across Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fixed penalty notices issued following reports of large gatherings at properties in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-following-reports-of-large-gatherings-in-liverpool/
title: Fixed penalty notices issued following reports of large gatherings at properties in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-following-reports-of-large-gatherings-in-liverpool/
```

18:00 15/11/2020

We have issued a number of fixed penalty notices following reports of large gatherings of people at properties across Liverpool.

Last night, Saturday 14th November, at 6.10pm we were called to an internet rental property on Lace Street, Liverpool city centre, following reports that a party was being held and a large number of people had gathered. Twenty seven people inside the property were issued with fixed penalty notices.

At 12.20am today, Sunday 15th November, we were called to reports of a party at a property in Oldham Street in Liverpool. Two fixed penalties were issued.

At 7am today, we were called to Coburg Wharf in Liverpool city centre, following reports a party was being held on a moored boat.

Seven people onboard the boat were issued with fixed penalty notices. A quantity of suspected Class A drugs were also seized.

Superintendent Diane Pownall said: "We are seeing an increased number of reports from members of the public in relation to these illegal gatherings which shows how annoying and frustrating it has become for those who are abiding by the law when they see people blatantly ignoring it.

"We have all had special occasions which we have had to postpone or adapt during the Coronavirus restrictions and lockdown. These people are no different than the rest of us but their selfish actions suggest that they think they are above the law.

"The law is clear - people should not be gathering in groups with people who are not in their own household or support bubble. The restrictions are in place for a reason - to ensure that we can stop the spread of the virus and keep ourselves, our loved ones and other people safe.

"We have constantly sought to engage and explain to the public what the restrictions mean - and as always we would like to thank the people who have done what has been asked of them.

"With our partners we are here to keep everyone safe and we make no apologies for taking action when people choose to break the law."
