```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision in Fazakerley last week are continuing to appeal for information.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers continue to appeal for information following serious collision - Fazakerley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-continue-to-appeal-for-information-following-serious-collision---fazakerley/
title: Officers continue to appeal for information following serious collision - Fazakerley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/officers-continue-to-appeal-for-information-following-serious-collision---fazakerley/
```

13:48 09/04/2020

Officers investigating a serious collision in Fazakerley last week are continuing to appeal for information.

At 5.25pm on Friday, 3 April, police and the North West Ambulance Service attended a report a Red Yamaha MT07 motorbike had been in collision with a bus stop on Lower Lane near Aintree University Hospital. The bike came to a stop under a bus.

Two men believed to have been on the bike were taken to hospital for treatment. A 23-year-old man has since been discharged from hospital, however a second man, aged 28, remains in hospital in a critical condition.

The motorbike was later identified as a stolen motorbike.

An investigation is ongoing and officers are keen to speak to anyone with information.

Roads Policing Sergeant Mike Clarey said: "This collision left two young men seriously injured, with one still in hospital now described as being in a critical condition.

"We are carrying out a number of enquiries and I would urge anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch.

"We are also particularly keen to trace the driver of a white Audi that was seen in the area at the time of the incident, as they may have information to assist the investigation. The car was described as having black wheels with red trim, and I would ask the driver, or anyone who recognises the description or saw it in the area, to please let us know.

Anyone who can assist the investigation, or may have any dash cam of the incident or of the motorbike prior to the collision, is asked to contact the Roads Policing Unit on 0151 777 5747. Alternatively, DM @MerPolCC quoting incident 20000197848.
