```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Second man injured after police officer injured following a brick being thrown through police car window in Speke
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Second man arrested after police officer injured following a brick being thrown through police car window in Speke
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/second-man-arrested-after-police-injured-following-a-brick-being-thrown-through-police-car-window-in-speke/
title: Second man arrested after police officer injured following a brick being thrown through police car window in Speke | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/second-man-arrested-after-police-injured-following-a-brick-being-thrown-through-police-car-window-in-speke/
```

13:19 16/02/2020

**A second man has been arrested following an incident in Speke in which a brick was thrown through the rear windscreen of a police car on Friday, 7 February.

The male was arrested by police after attempting to run away from a Ford transit van, which had been used to ram a Mercedes car on Lodge Lane last night (Saturday, 15 February). Matrix disruption officers stopped the van in Tagus Street, Toxteth, a short while after the incident on Lodge Lane. Three men from the van attempted to run off from the officers. One of the offenders was arrested and police also wanted to speak to him in connection with the incident in Speke on 7 February.

During a search of the van officers found two machetes and a hammer.

The 20-year-old man from Garston, who was arrested on suspicion of two counts of criminal damage; criminal damage to a motor vehicle; aggravated unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle; three counts of possession of an offensive weapon, has been taken to a police station where he will be questioned by detectives.

Anyone who has any information which could help police with their inquiries in relation to the incident on Lodge Lane last night is asked to DM @MerpolCC, or call 101 quoting reference 20000100852.**

** UPDATE - 9AM WEDNESDAY 12TH FEBRUARY**

We have charged a 23 year-old man with attempting s18 wounding following an incident in Speke in which a brick was thrown through the rear windscreen of a police car.

Ryan Blake, of Hughes Street, Garston, was remanded into custody to appear at Liverpool and Knowsley magistrates court today (Wednesday).

ORIGINAL

We are appealing for witnesses after an officer was injured while responding to an incident in Speke yesterday, Friday, 7 February.

Shortly before 3pm, an officer in a marked police car was travelling on Speke Road, near the junction with Horrocks Avenue when two males on an orange and black off-road bike approached the car and threw a brick through the rear windscreen.

The brick hit the officer, causing a non-life threatening head injury and the males on the bike made off in the direction of Lowbridge Court. The officer was taken to hospital for assessment.

CCTV, forensic and witness enquiries are ongoing and detectives are appealing to anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Debbie Tipton said: "To be the victim of such an incident while going about your job is disgraceful and we are carrying out a number of enquires to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"The reckless actions of these individuals could've had tragic consequences and it is only by sheer good luck that the officer involved wasn't more seriously injured. Emergency Services are on duty to assist members of the public every hour of every day and it is simply unacceptable for them to be subject to such behaviour.

"An investigation is ongoing and I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, saw a scrambler bike making off from the scene, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage to please get in touch."

If you have any information, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000082569 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Ends
