```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'The North West Regional Organised Crime Unit (NWROCU) have today (16th October) welcomed the sentencing of a 55 year old man in relation to drugs offences.


    Paul Andrew Palmer, 55, of Mossbank Court, Collyhurst in Manchester appeared at Manchester Crown Court, where he was found guilty of importing and possessing a variety of drugs with intent to supply. He was sentenced to 5 years and 7 months behind bars.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: NWROCU welcome sentencing of man for drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/nwrocu-welcome-sentencing-of-man-for-drugs-offences/
title: NWROCU welcome sentencing of man for drugs offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/nwrocu-welcome-sentencing-of-man-for-drugs-offences/
```

13:54 16/10/2019

The North West Regional Organised Crime Unit (NWROCU) have today (16th October) welcomed the sentencing of a 55 year old man in relation to drugs offences.

Paul Andrew Palmer, 55, of Mossbank Court, Collyhurst in Manchester appeared at Manchester Crown Court, where he was found guilty of importing and possessing a variety of drugs with intent to supply. He was sentenced to 5 years and 7 months behind bars.

Palmer's arrest came after two Border Force seizures of the drug Gamma Butyrolactone (GBL) with a combined weight of 17.5Kg, which can be fatal even in small amounts. Following this, a NWROCU Disruption Team executed a Misuse of Drugs Act warrant at his home on 24th April after investigations suggested he was importing and distributing the drug.

Further substances, including GBL and other Class A, B & C drugs were located at Palmer's home and this evidence, along with a lengthy investigation, secured his involvement in the supply of the drugs in Manchester.

DC Moss said: "Palmer has built and maintained a secretive criminal importation and supply business where he has been dominant in providing dangerous and controlled drugs across the region.

"He has operated under the radar for some time, until our joint investigation with UKBF Postal Seizure Team uncovered his illegal activities.

"We are pleased he has now been brought to justice and praise all those involved in this complex investigation that has seen this illegal business closed down."
