```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are re-appealing for information following the fatal shooting of James Taylor a year ago today (Friday 7 February 2020) in Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information one year on from fatal shooting of James Taylor in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-information-one-year-on-from-fatal-shooting-of-james-taylor-in-liverpool/
title: Appeal for information one year on from fatal shooting of James Taylor in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/appeal-for-information-one-year-on-from-fatal-shooting-of-james-taylor-in-liverpool/
```

08:48 07/02/2020

Detectives are re-appealing for information following the fatal shooting of James Taylor a year ago today (Friday 7 February 2020) in Liverpool.

At around 8pm on Thursday 7 February 2019, emergency services were called to Addison Street, near to Liverpool City Centre, to reports of shots being fired.

34-year-old James Taylor was pronounced deceased at the scene. James had been parked in Addison Street waiting to pick up his daughter from Marybone Youth and Community Association in nearby Fontenoy Street.

The extensive investigation has so far resulted in a total of eight arrests, as follows:
A 26-year-old man from Vauxhall was arrested on suspicion of murder
A 39-year-old man from Walton was arrested on suspicion of murder
A 30-year-old man from Everton was arrested on suspicion of murder and possession with intent to supply cocaine and cannabis
A 35-year-old man from Liverpool City Centre was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder
A 51-year-old man from Everton was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and money laundering
A 25-year-old man from Everton was arrested on suspicion of murder
A 32-year-old man from Everton was arrested on suspicion of murder
A 36-year-old man from Kirkdale was arrested on suspicion of murder

All eight men are released under investigation at this time.

Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson said: "A whole year has passed since the horrific murder of James and we stand alongside his family in our continuing appeal for information to put those responsible before the courts. Eight men have been arrested and released under investigation, but we know that this process can take time and we're still gathering evidence to push things forward.

"No shooting can ever be acceptable but the murder of James crossed a line which few could comprehend. James was waiting to collect his daughter from a dance class.

"There were people around the Addison Street and Holy Cross Close area at the time of the murder, any of whom could have been seriously harmed by this shooting, and all of whom are potential witnesses. I would appeal to them to contact us with any information, no matter how small, as it could be vital to our investigation.

"We're also continuing to appeal to drivers and taxi drivers who may have been in this area at around 8pm to get in contact. This incident took place near to the very busy Leeds Street and I'm asking for any motorists who may have dash-cam footage to give us a call.

"A black Ford Fiesta was recovered in nearby Summer Seat, shortly after the shooting. We still need to speak to everyone who saw such a car in the vicinity of Addison Street, or making off shortly after the murder.

"I understand that some people are reluctant to speak to police directly. But a year on, situations and allegiances may have changed. There are ways to pass information on anonymously and we will deal sensitively with anything you tell us. Don't be the barrier to justice."

You can contact us directly via @MerPolCC, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously with crime reference 19100038615.
