```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Police urge fans to wait for official celebrations after Liverpool won the Premier League last night
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge fans to wait for official celebrations after Liverpool won the Premier League last night
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/police-urge-fans-to-wait-for-official-celebrations-after-liverpool-won-the-premier-league-last-night/
title: Police urge fans to wait for official celebrations after Liverpool won the Premier League last night | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/police-urge-fans-to-wait-for-official-celebrations-after-liverpool-won-the-premier-league-last-night/
```

17:23 26/06/2020

Merseyside Police is urging fans to wait for official celebrations after Liverpool won the Premier League last night (Thursday, 25 June).

It is understood that some people are looking to come together tonight and celebrate the club's success and we are urging them to do the right thing and celebrate from home.

COVID-19 hasn't gone away, and in fact, the cases of Coronavirus in Merseyside and the wider North West are still disproportionately high compared to other parts of the country.

Assistant Chief Constable Jon Roy, said: "It's fantastic that the city has something good to celebrate and something to be proud of. Last night the overwhelming majority of fans celebrated in the confines of their own home and we thank them for listening to the messages put out by ourselves, LFC, Spirit of Shankly, the NHS and Liverpool City Council, and for being a credit to the city.

"In the days ahead, we urge supporters, and the Merseyside public in general, to do the right thing and celebrate safely with members of your household and in your social bubble. By doing this you keep yourself, your family, friends and neighbours safe.

"This is our opportunity to show the rest of the country, and even the world, why this city is revered for its ability to come together in challenging times and do the right thing.

"We understand people want to celebrate Liverpool becoming Premier League Champions for the first time in 30 years, and the time will come when fans can celebrate together with the team and applaud their achievement, but now is not that time."

"Please follow the advice of the players, the manager and the club by putting safety first. The club is encouraging fans to share their experiences of watching future games at home with the hashtag #LFCAtHome on social media, and we all look forward to sharing your experiences of celebrating safely."
