```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of Kevin Wilson are continuing to appeal for information five years on from his death.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives continue to appeal for information five years on from the murder of Kevin Wilson
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-continue-to-appeal-for-information-five-years-on-from-the-murder-of-kevin-wilson/
title: Detectives continue to appeal for information five years on from the murder of Kevin Wilson | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/february/detectives-continue-to-appeal-for-information-five-years-on-from-the-murder-of-kevin-wilson/
```

10:30 07/02/2020

Detectives investigating the murder of Kevin Wilson are continuing to appeal for information five years on from his death.

At around 8.30pm on Saturday, 7 February 2015, police were called to the junction of Smithdown Road and Holmes Street in Wavertree, following reports a male had been shot. 17-year-old Kevin had suffered a single shot wound to the back and was taken to hospital, however he was sadly pronounced dead a short while later.

Over the last five years, 13 people have been arrested in connection with Kevin's murder, however an investigation remains ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who may have information to get in touch.

Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson said: "Five years have now passed since Kevin was cruelly murdered and we are determined to bring his killer to justice to allow his family some sort of peace.

"Kevin was a young man with his whole life ahead of him, which was taken away in the most horrific way. We know that there are people out there who know exactly what happened on that night in 2015.

"Allegiances do change over time and I would ask anyone who has any information five years on to please come forward. How would you feel if this was your family member or friend? If their killer was still walking freely? Any information, no matter how small or trivial it may seem, could prove vital to our investigation and I would urge you to find the courage to share that information with police, or anonymously through Crimestoppers.

Kevin's mum, Jane said: "For everyone that knew him, the pain of losing Kevin is no less five years on and he is missed every day. We all feel that he would be more at peace knowing who is responsible for his murder, so if you know anything at all about who killed my son, please let the police know.

"Kevin would be 22-years-old now and my heart breaks every birthday and anniversary that he is not with us. He was just a teenager when he was killed and it pains me to think about all the milestones he will never see.

"Kevin will never be forgotten by those that love him, so if you can find it in your heart to assist the police, please do. My son didn't deserve to die, but the least his memory deserves is justice."

Anyone who can help the police with their investigation can contact us at @MerPolCC, 101 quoting crime reference number: 0515025879 or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
