```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Knowsley have charged a 27 year old man from Huyton with multiple drugs offences after he was arrested at Manchester Airport yesterday morning (2nd December).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged for multiple drugs offences following arrest at Manchester Airport
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-charged-for-multiple-drugs-offences-following-arrest-at-manchester-airport/
title: Man charged for multiple drugs offences following arrest at Manchester Airport | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-charged-for-multiple-drugs-offences-following-arrest-at-manchester-airport/
```

12:39 03/12/2020

Officers in Knowsley have charged a 27 year old man from Huyton with multiple drugs offences after he was arrested at Manchester Airport yesterday morning (2nd December).

Jack Stanley Jones, 27, of Huyton was arrested after he landed at Manchester Airport at around 10am.

Along with Greater Manchester Police (GMP), Targeted officers made the arrest. Three mobile phones, cash and an iPad were also seized as part of the investigation.

Jones was kept in custody overnight and later charged with the following:

 1. Conspiracy to Supply a Class A Controlled Drug - Cocaine
 2. Conspiracy to Supply a Class A Controlled Drug - Heroin
 3. Conspiracy to Supply a Class A Controlled Drug - MDMA
 4. Conspiracy to Supply a Class B Controlled Drug - Cannabis
 5. Conspiracy to Supply a Class B Controlled Drug \- Methamphetamine
 6. Importation of a Class A controlled drugs into UK
 7. Importation of a Class B controlled drug into UK
 8. Conspiracy to produce cannabis
 9. Conspiracy to convert criminal property

He appeared at Liverpool Magistrates Court this morning (3rd December) and was remanded to appear at Liverpool Crown Court tomorrow (4th December).

The arrest and consequent charge follows an investigation into the importation of drugs to the UK.

A further search of a property was conducted at an address in Whiston where a commercial cannabis farm was located. Our Cannabis Dismantling Team are dealing with the seizure and clean-up of this.

Chief Inspector Phil Mullally said: "The investigation is ongoing and further details will be released when we can.

"If you know anyone involved in criminal activity, drugs or otherwise, please get in touch so we can take action." #OpTarget #OpVenetic
