```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a racially aggravated public order incident in Anfield on Saturday, 13 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following racially-aggravated incident in Anfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-incident-in-anfield/
title: Detectives appeal for information following racially-aggravated incident in Anfield | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-racially-aggravated-incident-in-anfield/
```

08:07 16/06/2020

We are appealing for information following a racially aggravated public order incident in Anfield on Saturday, 13 June.

At around 12.15pm, the victim was walking his dog on the grounds of Breckside Park, off Lower Breck Road, also known as Anfield Sports and Community Centre..

A man approached him, walking two Japanese Akita dogs, and reportedly let go of their collars and instructed them to attack the victim's dog. The victim struggled to get the dogs off his own dog, and was himself bitten, receiving a small abrasion. His dog suffered bite marks to the face.

During the incident, the victim also received racial abuse.

The man was described as white, around 23-24 years old, and six foot tall, with medium length blonde hair. He was of slim build and spoke with a Liverpool accent. The man was wearing a gold earring in his right ear, a black Northface jacket, black tracksuit bottoms and black and blue Adidas trainers, with a raised lip at the back.

Detective Inspector Paul Speight said: "This was a really distressing incident for the victim and his dog, one exacerbated by disgusting verbal abuse. We're carrying out extensive enquiries to find the person responsible. If you were in the park at this time and witnessed the incident or captured this man and his dogs let us know.

"The victim has been left understandably distressed and upset following the whole incident. We take all reports of hate crime extremely seriously and I would like to take this opportunity to reassure people that we have specially trained officers who investigate cases with a view to robust action being taken against offenders.

"This was a vicious attack in a public place, so it's also vital that we trace the owner of the offending dogs to ensure that the dog is not a future danger to the public and people are safe to visit green spaces in the area."

Anyone with information can contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000343295 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
