```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have seized a cannabis farm worth around &#163;1.8M following a drugs warrant earlier this morning (Thursday 9 April) in Toxteth.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis farm seized in Toxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/cannabis-farm-discoverd-in-toxteth/
title: Cannabis farm seized in Toxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/cannabis-farm-discoverd-in-toxteth/
```

19:05 09/04/2020

We have seized a cannabis farm worth around £1.8M following a drugs warrant earlier this morning (Thursday 9 April) in Toxteth.

Just before 10.15am, entry was gained to a property on Bentley Road, within which were 459 cannabis plants with an estimated annual yield of £1.8M. The electricity had been bypassed and was made safe.

Officers from our specialist Cannabis Dismantling Team (CDT) searched the address and subsequently recovered the plants and equipment across 13 rooms.

Four men were arrested on suspicion of Production of Cannabis:-

A 22-year-old man of no fixed abode

A 20-year-old man from Birmingham

A 26 year-old man from Solihull

A 30-year-old man from Solihull

Inspector, Targeted Policing, Leigh Price, said: "This warrant was executed following information from the community and I want to remind people that we are still carrying out searches and acting on intelligence during the COVID-19 pandemic as we continue to tackle criminal behaviour. This farm was a danger to neighbouring properties, given that the electricity had been bypassed in a complex way. Thankfully it has now been made safe, but set-ups like this carry a very real threat of fire and flood, as well as attracting those involved in serious, violent crime.

"We have arrested four people and we will make sure we do everything we can to stop this kind of criminal behaviour and put the offenders before the courts."

"I'd encourage anyone who suspects that cannabis is being grown in their communities to get in touch, either directly to police or anonymously via Crimestoppers, and we will make your street safe."

Some of the signs that cannabis is being grown are:

• Strange smells and sounds
• Frequent and varied visitors to a property, often at unusual times
• Gardening equipment being taken into a property, such as plant pots, fertiliser, fans and industrial lighting
• Windows are sealed and covered or the curtains are permanently closed
• Heat from an adjoining property
• Birds gathering on a roof in cold weather
• Individually these activities may seem commonplace, however, together may indicate something more sinister

Anyone with information on suspected cannabis growing in their community can contact @MerPolCC, or come forward anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and we will do the rest.
