```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after an attempted robbery in Whiston on Sunday (19 July).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after attempted robbery in Whiston
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/appeal-after-attempted-robbery-in-whiston/
title: Appeal after attempted robbery in Whiston | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/appeal-after-attempted-robbery-in-whiston/
```

12:32 21/07/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after an attempted robbery in Whiston on Sunday (19 July).

A 28-year-old man was reportedly riding his motorbike on Fox's Bank Lane at around 7.55pm when a blue Yamaha off-road bike with two riders rode alongside him.

The passenger on the bike then struck the victim to the shoulder with a metal pole, causing a serious injury to his arm. The passenger then tried to grab a mobile phone in a phone cradle on the victim's bike. The victim was able to dislodge him from the bike and left the scene.

The victim was treated in hospital for his injury and has since been discharged.

The offenders on the blue scrambler bike are described as being slim white males. The rider was wearing an all-black tracksuit, a black balaclava, and black Adidas trainers. The passenger was wearing a grey North Face tracksuit and a black balaclava.

Officers have spoken to the victim and conducted enquires in the area, including exploring CCTV opportunities.

Detective Sergeant Yoseph Al-Ramadhan said: "This was a shocking and unprovoked incident, and we are determined to find those responsible and bring them to justice.

"Were you driving or walking in the area of Fox's Bank Lane at about 7.55pm on Sunday? Did you see anything which with the benefit of hindsight may seem suspicious, or linked to this incident?

"If you were driving in the area and have dashcam, we would ask that you check it to see if you have captured anyone matching the descriptions of the suspects or any part of the incident, and let us know."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police - you can DM us at @MerpolCC on Twitter, message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' or call 101 quoting incident reference 20000426896. You can also call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
