```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Operation Target officers in Southport have taken to the streets this morning (7th November) to target those involved in drug and other serious and violent crime.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers descend on Southport to tackle criminality
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/officers-descend-on-southport-to-tackle-criminality/
title: Officers descend on Southport to tackle criminality | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/officers-descend-on-southport-to-tackle-criminality/
```

13:27 07/11/2019

Operation Target officers in Southport have taken to the streets this morning (7th November) to target those involved in drug and other serious and violent crime.

We conducted four warrants in the Bootle and Southport areas targeting those suspected of being involved in the supply of Class A and B drugs. We also conducted roadside operations, plain clothes deployments and high visibility patrols as part of our ongoing #OpTarget disruption.

During the activity on the Coastal Road, Southport, four people were arrested for offences including possession of drugs and drug driving. Officers also seized class B drugs and a car that had no insurance.

Inspector Andy Bragg said: "We're working very closely with our partners at Sefton Council to put a stop to drug dealing as well as serious and violent crime that often follows this.

"A key focus of the Op Target campaign has been on tackling serious and violent crime and raising awareness of the dangers of gun and knife crime as well as the seizure of Class A drugs and weapons, recovering stolen goods and apprehending known offenders.

"With the support of our partners, we will continue to carry out this activity which includes warrants, stop searches, roadside checks and open land searches to keep those living, working and visiting Merseyside safe.

"I would continue to urge people to come forward with information about all types of criminality in their area. Passing on information about where weapons are being stored, who is carrying them and who is dealing drugs in your community is essential to allow us to take action.

"Supplying, dealing and taking drugs can be fatal and we must educate young people of the consequences of their actions. We will continue working proactively with other emergency services, various partner agencies and our ambassadors to reassure the public and disrupt those actively involved in criminality."

A spokesman for Sefton Council said: "We know the vast majority of residents living in our beautiful borough are upstanding citizens who are proud of where they live.

"Serious crime of any type has a real impact on our communities and we are committed to ensuring residents across the borough are kept safe and live without the fear.

"We are committed to working closely with Merseyside Police and other partners to deter criminal activity and make sure the minority of people who do break the law are brought to justice."

Anyone that wishes to report a criminal offence, or suspects that any wrongdoing is taking place or feel they or someone in their community is at risk, please DM @MerPolCC or call 101, and in an emergency call 999.
