```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a shop in Tranmere last night, Friday, 27 November."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery - Tranmere
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery---tranmere/
title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery - Tranmere | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery---tranmere/
```

11:50 28/11/2020

We're appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a shop in Tranmere last night, Friday, 27 November.

At around 11pm, emergency services were called to the convenience store (previously the Harp Inn pub) on Old Chester Road following reports a member of staff had been assaulted while closing the shop.

It was reported that as he was closing the shutters, two men approached him, before assaulting him with a machete and metal bar and making off with his rucksack.

The offenders, both wearing facial coverings and gloves, left on foot in the direction of Birkenhead.

The victim, a 50-year-old man, sustained serious injuries to his legs and neck and was taken to hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

An investigation is underway and detectives are keen to speak to anyone with information.

Detective Inspector Chris Hawitt said: "This brutal, senseless attack has left an innocent man with serious injuries and we are carrying out extensive enquires to establish the full circumstances and locate the offenders.

"We do believe that there may have been people in the area at the time and I would urge any witnesses to please come forward. We are also particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have CCTV or dashcam footage, or saw two males fitting the description of the offenders making off from the scene or in the surrounding area.

"To be attacked while simply carrying out your job is disgraceful and has not only left someone seriously injured, but incredibly shaken too. An investigation is now underway and we are examining CCTV footage, gathering forensic evidence and carrying out witness enquiries.

"Officers will also remain in the area today to carry out enquiries and provide reassurance to the local community, as we work to locate those responsible and bring them to justice."

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, CCTV or dashcam footage, is asked to DM @MerPolCC, call 101 quoting ref. 20000722821 or contact Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information.
