```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "**UPDATE \u2013 9PM THURSDAY 16TH APRIL**\n\nWe have today, Thursday 16th April, arrested a second 17 year-old male on suspicion of murder following a fatal stabbing in Litherland on Bank Holiday Monday 13th April."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two further males arrested on suspicion of murder following fatal stabbing in Litherland
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/two-further-males-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-fatal-stabbing-in-litherland/
title: Two further males arrested on suspicion of murder following fatal stabbing in Litherland | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/two-further-males-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-following-fatal-stabbing-in-litherland/
```

21:25 16/04/2020

****UPDATE - 9PM THURSDAY 16TH APRIL** **

**We have today, Thursday 16th April, arrested a second 17 year-old male on suspicion of murder following a fatal stabbing in Litherland on Bank Holiday Monday 13 th April. **

**The male is currently in custody where he is being questioned by detectives.

A 23 year-old man arrested yesterday, also on suspicion of murder, also remains in custody.

In total three people have been arrested in connection with the murder.
**

**We are continuing to appeal for anyone who witnessed the incident, which took place on Vincent Road, at 2.30pm, to contact detectives as they may have information which is vital to the investigation.**

**Anyone with information is urged to get in touch by DM @MerPolCC, calling 101 or reporting anonymously via @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting log 378 of 13 th April.**

ORIGINAL

Officers have launched a murder investigation after a man was stabbed this afternoon (13th April).

We were called to Vincent Road, Liverpool at 2:30pm to reports that an 18 year old man had received stab wounds to his chest.

North West Ambulance Service attended and the man was taken to hospital where he sadly died.

His next of kin has been made aware and specialist officers are supporting them at this time.

A 17 year old male has been arrested on suspicion of murder and has been taken to custody for questioning.

Anyone that witnessed the incident is urged to please get in touch via MerPolCC, calling 101 or reporting anonymously via CrimestoppersUK quoting log 378 of 13th April.
