```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: During the awareness week, information hubs will be stationed across several Merseyside authorities in community spaces, open to members of the public.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police recognises National Safeguarding Adults Awareness Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/merseyside-recognises-national-safeguarding-adults-awareness-week/
title: Merseyside Police recognises National Safeguarding Adults Awareness Week | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/merseyside-recognises-national-safeguarding-adults-awareness-week/
```

09:47 18/11/2019

During the awareness week, information hubs will be stationed across several Merseyside authorities in community spaces, open to members of the public.

The pop-ups, organised by Merseyside Safeguarding Adults Board (MSAB), will promote safeguarding awareness to the people of Wirral from 18_22 November.

Merseyside Safeguarding Adults Board, formed in 2017, is made up of the four former safeguarding adults boards from Knowsley, Liverpool, Sefton and Wirral.

It is a statutory body which includes senior managers from local NHS, local authority and Merseyside Police alongside members from other emergency services, probation services and the voluntary sector.

Detective Superintendent Dave McCaughrean said: "Our key priority is to protect the public of Merseyside, and ensuring vulnerable people have the support they need is a very important part of that work.

"Our officers encounter vulnerable people of all ages every day, whether they are victims of crime, witnesses or family, and our staff undergo regular training to ensure they deal with those people with respect and sensitivity.

"In the Protecting Vulnerable People Unit, we have a department dedicated to this, with staff with the experience and expertise to offer the best possible service.

"Everyone deserves to live in Merseyside free from the threat of abuse, exploitation and harm and we work day in, day out bringing offenders to justice, preventing further offending and supporting victims.

"Often, providing the most appropriate support for people means working with partner agencies who may be better placed to provide the right assistance. It might also mean making sure partner agencies are putting people in touch with police when a criminal offence is suspected.

Det Supt added: "I would encourage those people who continue to suffer to come forward safe in the knowledge that we will do everything in our power to arrest offenders and keep you safe.

"We also want to hear from people who may suspect someone they know is being exploited due to a vulnerability. Safeguarding is everyone's business, and if you believe someone you know may be a victim, please contact us and we will look into it.

"Some people may not realise that the behaviour they are experiencing or witnessing constitutes abuse or exploitation, or may not feel comfortable reporting to police. We want those people who may have seen or heard the signs of abuse to come forward in confidence so we can take action."

The board's primary responsibility is to ensure that adults in Merseyside, who may be at risk, are able to live fulfilling lives, free from abuse and neglect.

Sue Redmond, Chair of Merseyside Safeguarding Adults Board, said: "By supporting the national awareness week, we as a board are hopeful that we can raise awareness of safeguarding in Merseyside communities, and the roles that everyone can play in preventing abuse and neglect.

"We are supporting staff across our constituent local authorities in highlighting these issues through public venues throughout the week.

"If, by our collective efforts, we are successful in better safeguarding even a small number of people across Merseyside, I feel it will have been worth it. As such, we aim to reach a wide range of people from all backgrounds and ages to say that safeguarding is everyone's business."

Trained staff at each venue will be on hand to answer questions about safeguarding adults, in addition to offering advice and distributing relevant information.

During the week members of the board will also visit agencies across the region to gauge how adult safeguarding is being developed in different areas, to share and take note of best practice and to speak to individuals and staff who are affected by safeguarding adults.
