```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Do you recognise these three males? Detectives investigating the shooting of a man in Huyton on Tuesday 1 September have issued CCTV stills as it is believed the males pictured may have information that could help their enquires.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV appeal after shooting in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/cctv-appeal-after-shooting-in-huyton/
title: CCTV appeal after shooting in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/cctv-appeal-after-shooting-in-huyton/
```

14:38 12/11/2020

Do you recognise these three males?

Detectives investigating the shooting of a man in Huyton on Tuesday 1 September have issued CCTV stills as it is believed the males pictured may have information that could help their enquires.

At 3pm, armed officers were called to Hathersage Road to reports of a shotgun being fired in the street.

A woman in her 30s, who happened to be nearby at the time of the incident and was not believed to have been the target, sustained a minor facial wound after a shotgun pellet struck her. She was treated in hospital before being discharged from hospital the same day.

A 37-year-old man later presented at hospital and following enquires, officers believe he was the target of the discharge. He was treated in hospital for injuries to his legs consistent with a shotgun discharge and later discharged.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith of our Firearms Investigation Unit said: "Since this incident we have spoken to potential witnesses and conducted house-to-house enquires, and we have studied hours of CCTV footage to try to establish exactly what happened and who was involved.

"The fact a bystander was injured in this shooting lays bare the danger of recklessly firing a gun on the streets of Merseyside.

"It is not just those directly involved in gun crime who are affected by such incidents - they can instil fear in the heart of our communities on, as in this case, even directly injure members of the public.

"Thankfully no-one was seriously injured in this incident, but the result could easily have been far worse."

Det Chief Insp Smith added: "We will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice to make our communities safer.

"You can help us by coming forward with information on this incident, and on anyone you suspect may be storing firearms.

"If you recognise the males pictured, saw the incident or any suspicious activity, or were passing in a car and have dashcam you may have information that could prove vital to our enquiries.

"Tell us what you know and we will take action to put those involved before the courts, and help make our streets safer."

If you recognise the males or have any information, contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' quoting the reference number 20000526785.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

If you have any dashcam footage or information, it can be uploaded here: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000526785
