```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that officers are in the St Helens area dealing with ongoing incidents involving off-road and other bikes today, Monday 25 January.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two detained and bikes seized during incident in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-detained-and-bikes-seized-during-incident-in-st-helens/
title: Two detained and bikes seized during incident in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/two-detained-and-bikes-seized-during-incident-in-st-helens/
```

15:01 25/01/2021

We can confirm that officers are in the St Helens area dealing with ongoing incidents involving off-road and other bikes today, Monday 25 January.

At around 10am, officers were called to Maple Avenue in Newton-le-Willows to reports of bikes being driven dangerously in the area.

It is believed that the riders were assembling ahead of a funeral being held at St Helens Crematorium on Rainford Road.

Bikes were also reportedly blocking a section of the East Lancashire Road in St Helens.

Two males have so far been detained and bikes seized. Officers remain in the area, supported by the National Police Air Service (NPAS) helicopter.

St Helen Community Policing Chief Inspector Paul Holden said: "We appreciate the upsetting circumstances of any funeral in our community, and understand that paying your respects to loved ones is harder than ever at the current time. However, such reckless behaviour by those claiming to be carrying out some form of tribute is inexcusable and may cause added stress to those mourning their tragic loss.

"We'll continue to identify and detain anyone in the area who is causing danger and distress on the roads. Those involved in this incident are endangering themselves and all other road users, as well as generating extra demand for the emergency services during already testing times.

"We are currently in the middle of a pandemic and for people using the roads for essential journeys to be endangered in this way is absolutely unacceptable.

"I would continue to ask parents or carers in the area, please keep your children and teenagers at home, not only for their own safety but for the wellbeing and peace of mind of the rest of the community.

"We've spoken to people today who have been left frightened and intimidated by incidents witnessed by them and many other members of the public who continue to make sacrifices and are do the right thing by staying at home.

"I would appeal for anyone who thinks they may have captured anything on CCTV, dashcam or mobile phone, or has any information about who may have been present to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 227 so that we can keep taking action."
