```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Yesterday morning, 28th September, officers from our Liverpool Targeted Team conducted a drugs warrant at Evergreen Close, Netherley.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Four kilos of drugs found in freezer whilst woman arrested'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-four-kilos-of-drugs-found-in-freezer-whilst-woman-arrested/
title: 'OP TARGET: Four kilos of drugs found in freezer whilst woman arrested | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-four-kilos-of-drugs-found-in-freezer-whilst-woman-arrested/
```

12:23 29/09/2020

Yesterday morning, 28th September, officers from our Liverpool Targeted Team conducted a drugs warrant at Evergreen Close, Netherley.

Inside the house, they found four kilo bricks of white powder hidden in the freezer, along with other evidence of drugs misuse and drugs paraphernalia.

A 40 year old woman from Liverpool was arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. She was taken to custody for questioning and has since been released under investigation.

Sergeant Thomas Griffiths said: "Storing drugs - in this case, in the freezer - dealing drugs or using drugs is extremely dangerous and can lead to serious consequences.

"Those involved in drug crime are not respectable members of the community and often only care for their own financial gain, rather than the health and safety of their friends, families and neighbours who will likely feel the repercussions of this criminal activity.

"We conduct these warrants off the back of the community reaching out to us and telling us what they're concerned about which allows us to build an investigative picture of a person, gang, property or wider area which means we can target those involved in illegal activity more efficiently.

"I want to thank those who have reached out to us already, but also encourage those people who might be too frightened to contact the police or think that their information is not relevant - please think again - no matter how small, the information you provide goes a long way to helping us bring offenders to justice and protect the wider community. So please either DM us @MerPolCC or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
