```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A number of organisations across Sefton are joining forces to remind people to continue to be sensible and respectful if they choose to spend time outdoors during the warm weather.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Joint plea to public to continue to be sensible and respectful at Sefton public beauty spots
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/joint-plea-to-public-to-continue-to-be-sensible-and-respectful-at-sefton-public-beauty-spots/
title: Joint plea to public to continue to be sensible and respectful at Sefton public beauty spots | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/joint-plea-to-public-to-continue-to-be-sensible-and-respectful-at-sefton-public-beauty-spots/
```

13:17 04/08/2020

A number of organisations across Sefton are joining forces to remind people to continue to be sensible and respectful if they choose to spend time outdoors during the warm weather.

The agencies who make up the Sefton Coastal Landscape Partnership include Sefton Council, Merseyside Police, Merseyside Fire and Rescue, British Transport Police, National Trust Formby, Natural England, the RNLI and other key partners.

Today (4 August) the partnership launches a campaign covering many of the issues faced on the Sefton coast.

Since restrictions were lifted allowing people to spend more time outside, we have seen a rise in the number of people using local beaches, parks and beauty spots including Formby nature reserve and many of Sefton's beautiful beaches.

The advice remains that everyone should maintain social distancing at all times.

People also should check in advance of visiting places like National Parks and beaches to make sure they are prepared for visitors.

We are also asking people to remain respectful and protect our public spaces.

During the recent nice weather, the partnership has received reports of excessive littering and fires and BBQs being lit as well as people parking illegally and inconsiderately by blocking driveways and residential roads.

Mark Shaw from Sefton Council's Green Sefton service said: "Our beaches are tempting but they are not able to cope with high level of visitors at the moment.

"For those few who do visit our coastline at this time, they are advised that stringent parking restrictions are in place, all rubbish must be taken home and BBQs are strictly prohibited along the entirety of the Sefton coastline.

"At this time, we need people to think about their safety and the safety of others, as well as the wellbeing of our communities and Council staff."

Sefton Chief Inspector Mike O'Malley from Merseyside Police said: "We continue to work closely alongside our partners to deal with all issues on Sefton's beautiful coastlines, and this August - with many choosing to holiday in this country due to travel restrictions - will be no different. We want all visitors to enjoy a safe, relaxing and enjoyable time, and show consideration for those who live in these areas.

"During spells of good weather this year we have had reports of excessive littering and fires and BBQs being lit as well as people parking illegally and inconsiderately by blocking driveways and residential roads.

"Anyone acting antisocially should expect to be dealt with by police in a robust manner, and we will also support other agencies in their work.

"I want to reassure those affected by anti-social behaviour, underage drinking and other issues affecting the communities of Sefton that we will again make a co-ordinated effort to prevent such incidents from occurring.

"Throughout August, officers will be on foot, in vehicles and on quad bikes across the Sefton coastline including Formby, Ainsdale and Crosby beaches, as well as parks and beauty spots including Formby nature reserve."

PC David Baier from British Transport Police said: "Everyone wants to enjoy this gorgeous weather and may head to the coast but it's really important that people continue to social distance and wear compulsory face coverings when using public transport.

"These may be strange times, but the same rules apply regarding anti-social behaviour - we won't tolerate any abuse of passengers or rail staff and we'll continue to take a robust approach to anyone who breaks the rules."
