```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Across Liverpool and Knowsley, officers are working hard to locate anyone that might be carrying or using dangerous weapons to scare or harm another person.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Knife seizures, arrests and more overnight in Merseyside'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-knife-seizures-arrests-and-more-overnight-in-merseyside/
title: 'OP TARGET: Knife seizures, arrests and more overnight in Merseyside | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-target-knife-seizures-arrests-and-more-overnight-in-merseyside/
```

14:31 02/03/2021

Across Liverpool and Knowsley, officers are working hard to locate anyone that might be carrying or using dangerous weapons to scare or harm another person.

Last night was no different! At around 7pm officers on Tarbock Road, Huyton spotted a 19 year old man driving a Vauxhall Corsa. They stopped and searched the car where they found five blades wrapped together.

He was arrested for possession of an offensive weapon and taken to custody for further questioning.

****

Following this, at around 8:30pm, officers on Manor Farm Road became suspicious of a group of people hanging around the area. They also noticed a strong smell of cannabis so decided to speak to the group. Here, a 14 year old boy was searched and found carrying a makeshift weapon in his jacket. He was therefore arrested for possession of an offensive weapon and possession of a bladed article in a public place.

He has been referred to the Youth Offending Team.

****

Lastly at around 10:30pm, officers on Childwall Valley Road, Belle Vale stop checked an Audi A3 recorded as having links to Huddersfield. The car was searched and officers found some cannabis and a baseball bat behind the driver's seat.

Both men aged 18 and 30 were arrested for possession of an offensive weapon and possession of a controlled drug. They were also issued with Covid fines for breaking travel restrictions.

****

Inspector Jon Coote said: "Although there is light at the end of the tunnel, we are still in a global pandemic and so rules and regulations should be adhered to, to ensure that the key dates set out by government are not pushed back.

"Travelling into Merseyside or meeting up with your mates without a justifiable reason puts others at a huge risk so please ask your kids where they're going, who they're meeting up with and equally, set a good example.

"Last night was evidently not just about catching those breaking Covid restrictions, but also identifying anyone who is carrying or using a knife or other weapon. We must break this perception of 'carrying a knife makes you look tough' or that 'the knife will protect you' - because it doesn't and it won't. Do the right thing and report criminal behaviour to us to make our streets a safer place for all."

#OpTarget
