```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: '**UPDATE - 9.30AM FRIDAY 22ND MAY**


    We have arrested a 41 year-old man on suspicion of attempted murder. He is currently in custody where he will be questioned by detectives.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Officers appeal for witnesses following shooting'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/officers-appeal-for-witnesses-following-shooting/
title: 'UPDATE: Officers appeal for witnesses following shooting | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/officers-appeal-for-witnesses-following-shooting/
```

10:15 22/05/2020

Updated News Post

****UPDATE - 9.30AM FRIDAY 22ND MAY****

 **We have arrested a 41 year-old man on suspicion of attempted murder. He is currently in custody where he will be questioned by detectives.**

 **Anyone who has information about the incident can contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre', with reference 713 of 21 May.**

 **You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.**

ORIGINAL

Detectives are investigating after a man was shot and injured in Walton this afternoon, Thursday 21 May.

At 4.15pm, armed officers were called to Weaver Street to reports that a man in his 20s had been found with a gunshot injury. The victim was taken to hospital for assessment of a wound to his hip.

Officers remain in the Weaver Street, Olney Street and Queens Drive area this evening carrying out house-to-house, forensic and CCTV enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "These are the very early stages of an investigation, and we're looking to establish the exact circumstances. With that in mind, we're particularly keen to speak to anyone in the area who may have seen this incident, or witnessed someone making off on foot or in a vehicle from the area.

"We believe that the victim may have been shot in Breeze Hill and made his way to where he was found, so if you live in or were passing by either of these locations and have information, CCTV, mobile phone or dashcam footage, make yourself known.

"Although the streets are quieter than usual, it is incredibly reckless to fire a gun in the daytime.

"We've seen fewer incidents of this nature in the past few weeks but work continues in communities who feel the harm of serious crime. Recent arrests, seizures and disruption show the value of information from our communities, and we need that to continue so these people and their weapons are removed from the streets."

Please contact us via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre', with reference 713 of 21 May.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
