```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers are currently investigating following reports of an illegal rave in Knowsley that took place on 1st June 2020 and reported to have lasted until the early hours of 2nd June 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers appeal for information following gathering in Knowsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/officers-appeal-for-information-following-gathering-in-knowsley/
title: Officers appeal for information following gathering in Knowsley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/officers-appeal-for-information-following-gathering-in-knowsley/
```

14:06 03/06/2020

Officers are currently investigating following reports of an illegal rave in Knowsley that took place on 1st June 2020 and reported to have lasted until the early hours of 2nd June 2020.

Officers have identified the site of the gathering which occurred in wooded area near to the motorway bridge on Liverpool Road, Huyton (A57). A significant amount of rubbish, alcohol containers and evidence of drug misuse was located.

Merseyside Police also received reports of two serious assaults that are alleged to have occurred at or near to the scene of the rave. These matters are currently under investigation.

Last night, 2nd June, Merseyside Police received further reports of individuals gathering near to this location. Officers attended detaining a number of males, three of which were subject of stop search during which drugs consistent with personal use were recovered.

Chief Inspector Phil Mullally said: "This is a concerning event and those attending have put themselves and others in the community at significant risk, not only in relation to coronavirus, but also by taking illegal substances and being in close range of the motorway which could have quite easily resulted in someone being seriously hurt or worse. A vast amount of rubbish was also left behind.

"Government guidance still states that we must all be social distancing, only meeting in groups of six (at most), and continuing to act sensibly and safely; none of which was adhered to during this illegal gathering.

"We, like all key workers, are already facing a huge demand and having to deal with these sorts of unnecessary incidents puts extra strain on both police and partnership resources. We are working with partner agencies to address the issues caused by this illegal gathering, clean up the area and local officers will patrol the area to prevent future gatherings of this nature occurring.

"I am directly appealing to those at this gathering, their parents, and their friends to take a moment to think about their actions. Please continue to follow guidance set out to protect yourselves and others. Parents and guardians are also reminded to ask where your child is going and who they're meeting up with. By us all working together, our communities can return to normal a lot sooner.

"Anyone with information on who organised this event, who attended, any future planned similar events or information connected with the two assaults is asked to get in touch or contact @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously."
