```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that the man who was killed in Harrington Road, Litherland last night (Tuesday, 7 April) is 20-year-old Michael Rainsford from Litherland.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Victim named following fatal shooting - Litherland
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/victim-named-following-fatal-shooting---litherland/
title: Victim named following fatal shooting - Litherland | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/victim-named-following-fatal-shooting---litherland/
```

18:06 08/04/2020

***Update - Wednesday, 8 April*

We can confirm that the man who was killed in Harrington Road, Litherland last night (Tuesday, 7 April) is 20-year-old Michael Rainsford from Litherland.

An extensive investigation is ongoing to locate those responsible and officers are urging anyone with information, dashcam or CCTV footage from Harrington Road or the surrounding areas to come forward.

The victim's family have been informed and are being supported by officers.

You can contact us with any information at @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**

Original statement

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following a fatal shooting in Litherland last night, Tuesday, 7 April.

Shortly before 11.10pm, officers were called to Harrington Road following reports a 20-year-old man had been shot by unknown offenders. Damage was also found to the window of a house consistent with firearms discharge.

Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

The victim's family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers at this time. He is yet to be formally identified at this stage and a Home Office Post Mortem will take place to establish the cause of death.

The scene has been cordoned off for forensic examination and witnesses from the area are being spoken to.

CCTV from the area is also being examined and officers are keen to speak to anyone with information.

Detective Inspector Tracey Martin said: "We are in the very early stages of an investigation this morning as we work to establish the full circumstances surrounding the violent and tragic killing of a young man in Litherland.

"Officers will remain in Harrington Road and the surrounding areas throughout the upcoming days to speak to witnesses and gather evidence and I would urge you, if you have any information at all that could assist our enquiries, to please get in touch.

"I know how much this will shock and concern the local community but I want to reassure you, an extensive investigation will now take place to locate those responsible and bring them to justice. Those involved in gun crime have no regard for the fear or harm they cause however we will not tolerate this, and will relentlessly pursue anyone who thinks it is acceptable.

"If you have any information about this incident, saw or heard any suspicious behaviour in Harrington Road or the surrounding areas, or have any dashcam or CCTV footage, please contact us so we can investigate it thoroughly."

You can contact us with any information at @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
