```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives from Operation Castle are welcoming the sentence of a man to 13 years in prison for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary following a knifepoint burglary at a home in West Derby in 2018.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Castle: Jason Gilmartin sentenced to 13 years in prison for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/operation-castle-jason-gilmartin-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-for-conspiracy-to-commit-aggravated-burglary/
title: 'Operation Castle: Jason Gilmartin sentenced to 13 years in prison for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/operation-castle-jason-gilmartin-sentenced-to-13-years-in-prison-for-conspiracy-to-commit-aggravated-burglary/
```

12:07 27/04/2020

Detectives from Operation Castle are welcoming the sentence of a man to 13 years in prison for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary following a knifepoint burglary at a home in West Derby in 2018.

Following a trial, 46-year-old Jason Gilmartin of no fixed abode was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court today, Monday 27 April 2020. An investigation continues into the offence.

At around 1pm on Thursday 30 August 2018, three men broke into a residential property on Eaton Road, Liverpool. The home owner's daughter, who was at home at the time, bravely confronted the men who threatened her with a knife before making off with cash, four Breitling watches, a diamond sapphire ring and a Cartier watch. The men are believed to have left the scene in a Seat Ibiza which was recovered later that day.

Gilmartin was identified as the driver of this car, and the investigation continues to identify all of those involved.

Detective Sergeant Darren Hankin from Operation Castle said: "Although pleasing to see Gilmartin dealt with in the courts, we know he didn't act alone and I would implore anyone with information on the other three people involved to come forward.

"We have already appealed to the public in relation to this terrifying ordeal, and are now re-issuing this footage, determined as ever to identify all of those responsible. If you know anything, do the right thing and let us know. This incident lasted five minutes but continues to have a massive impact on the family. Finding and taking all of these men off the streets will offer them and other victims of burglary even more reassurance.

"His sentencing also takes our operation past 300 years in prison since Operation Castle began in 2017. Our team of detectives have arrested, charged and put before the courts more than 100 people who have caused fear and harm within our communities. Being a victim of burglary can cause a massive impact to the lives of those targeted, and we're determined to keep such positive results coming.

"We will continue to do everything we can to target burglars, with investigations and community policing teams continuing during the Covid-19 pandemic to work hard to develop intelligence from the community and partners, and will act on all information to pursue offenders.

"With less crimes being reported overall, we have more officers available to do proactive policing work and regularly stop-check people acting suspiciously. We know this deters criminals from operating in these areas, so together we can make these areas hostile places for criminals to operate."

Anyone with information on burglary is asked to contact our dedicated hotline and email address on 0151 777 7926 or operation.castle@merseyside.pnn.police.uk. You can also pass information to the social media desk @MerPolCC, call 101 or you can call or the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111. #OpCastle and #BeatTheBurglar
