```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Netherton have arrested a 24 year old man after a short police pursuit late yesterday evening (14th October).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Police dog captures criminal following pursuit'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-police-dog-captures-criminal-following-pursuit/
title: 'OP TARGET: Police dog captures criminal following pursuit | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/op-target-police-dog-captures-criminal-following-pursuit/
```

12:20 15/10/2020

Officers in Netherton have arrested a 24 year old man after a short police pursuit late yesterday evening (14th October).

#OpTarget officers were on patrol on Glovers Lane at around 11pm on the hunt for criminals that might be using the road network.

They became suspicious of a grey Hyundai car being driven in the area and attempted to get the car to pull over. However, the driver had other ideas and accelerated away. A police pursuit was authorised along Glovers Lane, onto Magdalen Square and then to Peterborough Drive where the car exceeded 60mph in some 20mph zones. The car eventually stopped on Eden Vale where the driver made off on foot.

The Dogs Unit attended and PD Ottoh manage to track the man hiding in a nearby garden. Ottoh detained him by biting him. The man received minor injuries.

The man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, fail to stop, drug driving and possession of cannabis. He was taken to custody where he remains at this time.

Inspector Dave Uren said: "Our police dogs are trained to search for, locate and detain criminals whilst protecting their handlers from any potential danger. They are a vital tool and I am always pleased to hear of the support they provide to our officers.

"This man tried to escape and in doing so has put himself, other motorists and our officers in significant danger. I am thankful for the quick officer response and that no member of the public came to any danger.

"If you know someone involved in crime, please get in touch and keep Sefton a safe place to live and work. Contact us @MerPolCC, call 101 or report anonymously via @CrimestoppersUK anytime and we'll do the rest."
