```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Four people have been sentenced today, Tuesday 1st December, after two business robberies in Liverpool on 6 April this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four sentenced after robberies in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/four-sentenced-after-robberies-in-liverpool/
title: Four sentenced after robberies in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/four-sentenced-after-robberies-in-liverpool/
```

17:40 01/12/2020

Four people have been sentenced today, Tuesday 1st December, after two business robberies in Liverpool on 6 April this year.

At around 8.55am, staff at Bargain Booze on Stonebridge Lane, Croxteth were loading stock when they were approached by two unknown males. Threats were made and cigarettes were stolen. Nobody was injured.

Around 9.35am, a delivery driver on Queens Drive, Mossley Hill was threatened by two males, who made off in his van. The vehicle was recovered on Greystone Road, Broadgreen, and two men were detained nearby.

A third man and a woman were also arrested following further enquiries.

Roxanne Miriam Cheshire, 32, of Joules Close, Walton was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for 18 months, for handling stolen goods.

Mark Dominic Johnston (below) of Macqueen Street, Liverpool was sentenced to three years for handling stolen goods.

David Harpur (below), 38, of Lyme Grove, Huyton was sentenced to five-and-a-half years for robbery.

John Anthony Sumner (below), 35, of Waterpark Drive, Dovecot was sentenced to six years for robbery.

Detective Inspector Amy Smith said: "While the staff the offenders targeted were not injured, they were key workers who live in the heart of our communities who were doing their bit to keep the country running at the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic.

"It is despicable to think that these individuals saw fit to attack them as they tried to earn a living, leaving them extremely shaken, and I hope those jailed spend their time in prison reflecting on their actions.

"The arrests were the result of quick, proactive police work,

"Robberies of businesses are far from victimless crimes - they have a huge impact on people living and working in Merseyside, who provide a vital service to our communities."

Det Insp Amy Smith added: "We have historically seen an increase in business robberies in the run up to Christmas, and as part of Operation Shepherd we are deploying extra high visibility patrols in shopping areas, plain clothes officers, officers from the dog and mounted section and air support.

"We will take robust action against anyone found to have committed a business robbery. We take these crimes extremely seriously and - as in this case - offenders can expect to spend many years behind bars.

"Our officers will be visiting retail businesses as part of the operation to provide advice and guidance on how to improve security including the use of DNA marking, tracking devices, CCTV and fogging machines which fill premises with smoke when triggered. DNA marking will be distributed to retail premises and items within the stores will be chipped to help us track offenders

"As business begin to re-open this week, our message to offenders involved in this type of criminality is clear - there is no hiding place. We will use every tactic available to us to track you down and put you before the courts."

Anyone with any information on retail crime is asked to contact our social media desk @MerPolCC or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
