```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a 17-year-old male was shot in the leg in Huyton this evening (Wednesday 25th November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following shooting in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-following-shooting-in-huyton/
title: Man arrested following shooting in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/appeal-following-shooting-in-huyton/
```

20:09 25/11/2020

Updated News Post

**UPDATE

** We have arrested a man following the shooting of a 17-year-old male in Huyton last night (Wednesday 25 November).

We were called to the junction of Blue Bell Lane and Glade Road just after 6.20pm to a report a male on a bicycle had been shot to the leg by another male, also on a bicycle.

The 17-year-old victim was taken to hospital by ambulance for treatment to serious leg injuries consistent with a firearm discharge where his condition is described as serious but stable.

In the early hours of today, officers arrested a 26-year-old man from Huyton on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a Section 1 firearm. He has been taken into custody for questioning.

If you have information about this incident, get in contact with reference 20000717807 by DM via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

**ORIGINAL APPEAL**

We are appealing for information after a 17-year-old male was shot in the leg in Huyton this evening (Wednesday 25th November).

We were called to the junction of Blue Bell Lane and Glade Road just after 6.20pm to a report a male on a bicycle had been shot to the leg by another male, also on a bicycle.

Armed officers attended and a cordon is in place to allow for a forensic examination of the scene.

The 17-year-old victim then made his way to Paxton Road before being taken to hospital by ambulance for treatment to serious leg injuries consistent with a firearm discharge. His injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

Officers will remain in the area to carry out forensic, CCTV, house-to-house and witness enquiries, and to speak to the local community.

At this stage, the shooting is believed to have been targeted.

Detective Inspector Tony O'Brien said: "We understand and share the anger that people in Huyton will feel this evening at the news that a young man has become a victim of gun violence on our streets.

"Thankfully, while serious we believe he will recover from his injuries. But the consequences of firing a gun in a residential area could easily have been far worse.

"This will have been a horrifying experience for the victim, and of course deeply distressing for people who lives locally.

"At this early stage, we are keen to hear from anyone who saw the incident, or saw or heard anyone acting suspiciously in the area at around 6.20pm.

"You may live nearby or have been passing the area at the time it happened. Any information you have, or dashcam or CCTV footage could prove vital in finding out what happened and, crucially, who was responsible.

"We are committed to acting on all information around gun crime and serious violence. Information from the public can - and has - helped us take weapons off the streets and put offenders before the courts. If you tell us what you know, we will take positive action and make Merseyside safer."

If you have information about this incident, get in contact with reference 800 of 25 November via DM our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
