```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating a series of thefts and robberies close to the Chung Wah Supermarket in Hardy Street, Liverpool.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating series of robberies near Chung Wah Supermarket
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/officers-investigating-series-of-robberies-near-chung-wah-supermarket/
title: Officers investigating series of robberies near Chung Wah Supermarket | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/officers-investigating-series-of-robberies-near-chung-wah-supermarket/
```

16:35 14/10/2019

Detectives are investigating a series of thefts and robberies close to the Chung Wah Supermarket in Hardy Street, Liverpool.

These incidents are reported to have happened between 14th September - 8th October where on one occasion a parked motorbike was stolen and on two other separate occasions, two women were assaulted, leaving one with a severe head injury and both their handbags being stolen.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Rhodes said: "These incidents are really worrying and we are concerned that if we don't take action soon, then these sorts of incidents could continue and result in more serious consequences.

"These are brazen offences, committed in broad daylight, in the same location, only weeks apart. I am therefore confident someone out there will know those responsible and if not, they will have information that could help with our continued investigations.

"I want offenders to be looking over their shoulder, knowing that it is only a matter of time until we bring them to justice.

"Those living or working nearby should however feel reassured that we are aware these incidents are happening and we are doing everything in our power to put a stop to them.

"You should expect to see extra patrols in the area and if you feel threatened, then please come and speak to us as we are here to protect you. Finally, remain vigilant as the more aware you are of your surroundings, means the better we can work together to identify suspicious behaviour and identify those committing these crimes."

Anyone who has witnessed an incident of similar description, has any information which could assist our investigations or has any significant dash-cam footage between the dates mentioned above is asked to DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously.
