```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone for a second weekend from today, in response to recent anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area. It comes into place today at 12pm Friday, 25 September and will run until 12pm on Sunday, 27 September.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zone in place for a second weekend in Birkenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/dispersal-zone-in-place-for-a-second-weekend-in-birkenhead/
title: Dispersal zone in place for a second weekend in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/dispersal-zone-in-place-for-a-second-weekend-in-birkenhead/
```

12:00 25/09/2020

Officers from the Birkenhead local policing team will be introducing a 48-hour Section 34 Dispersal Zone for a second weekend from today, in response to recent anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area. It comes into place today at 12pm Friday, 25 September and will run until 12pm on Sunday, 27 September.

The order comes under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014, which gives police officers and police community support officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours. It is a response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour and criminality in the area.

Should a person who has previously been directed to leave the area return, an offence would be committed, which they may ultimately be arrested for.

The area covered by the order is show on the attached map.

Community Policing Sergeant Alan McKeon said: "A dispersal zone has been put in place for a second weekend in row, in response to recent reports of anti-social behaviour in the Birkenhead area. Last weekend the order was a great success, and resulted in 19 dispersal notices being issued, which are now being followed up with the assistance of partners at Wirral Council's Anti-Social Behaviour Team.

"We will continue to proactively target those involved in anti-social behaviour and criminal activity and will have extra patrols in the area shown on the map throughout the weekend.

"I want to reassure the local community that we are solely targeting individuals involved in anti-social behaviour, and law abiding members of the public do not need to worry. Together with partners, we are committed to ensuring Wirral remains a safe place to live, work and visit.

"I would like to encourage people to continue to report incidents of anti-social behaviour or criminality to us, so we can continue to take action."

Anyone who wishes to report anti-social or criminal behaviour can contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. call 999 in an emergency. You can also follow @WirralPolice on Twitter and Facebook for updates and advice.
