```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm the sentencing of a Cheshire man to three years in prison for the sexual touching of children, when employed at a Wirral primary school.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former teacher Charles Ellis sentenced to three years in prison for sexual assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/former-teacher-charles-ellis-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-sexual-assault/
title: Former teacher Charles Ellis sentenced to three years in prison for sexual assault | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/former-teacher-charles-ellis-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-sexual-assault/
```

13:26 19/12/2019

We can confirm the sentencing of a Cheshire man to three years in prison for the sexual touching of children, when employed at a Wirral primary school.

60-year-old Charles Ellis of Oakfield Drive in Upton, Chester appeared at Liverpool Crown Court and was sentenced today, Thursday 19 December. He was also issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Ellis was convicted following a trial this week.

The allegations refer to incidents between 2008 and 2016, when Ellis was employed as a teacher at a primary school in Greasby, Wirral.

Ellis was charged with ten counts of sexually touching six girls between the ages of seven and 10.

Detective Inspector Paul Parry from Merseyside Police said: "We welcome today's verdict, which has followed a lengthy and complex investigation carried out alongside Wirral Council.

"We continue to work closely alongside the local authorities to investigate any such allegations at our schools and colleges, ensuring that safeguarding of young people is paramount as enquiries are carried out.

"I want to thank the victims in this case, who have shown bravery, patience and strength throughout this difficult process, supported throughout by specialist officers. Our hope is that today's verdict brings some comfort and allows them to move forward with confidence.

"I want to take this opportunity to offer the same help and support to anyone who might be out there suffering in silence.

"Merseyside Police has specially trained officers who will listen to you and treat you with sensitivity and compassion, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will support you from your initial report and for as long as you need."*

*Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
