```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man and seized blank firing weapons and ammunition after a warrant in Heswall on Thursday (30 April).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and firearms seized in Heswall
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-and-firearms-seized-in-heswall/
title: Man arrested and firearms seized in Heswall | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-and-firearms-seized-in-heswall/
```

10:54 01/05/2020

We have arrested a man and seized blank firing weapons and ammunition after a warrant in Heswall on Thursday (30 April).

Officers from Merseyside Police, supported by officers from the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit (NWROCU) disruption team executed the warrant on Poll Hill Road at 10am.

During which a handgun and revolver, which are both blank firing weapons, were recovered, along with ammunition.

The firearms and ammunition have been recovered for forensic analysis to establish if they are connected with any incidents in Merseyside.

A 50-year-old man from Heswall was arrested on suspicion of possession of an illegally held firearm, possession of ammunition and possession of cannabis. He has been released under investigation.

Inspector Chris Lucan-Pratt said: "As the images show, the weapons we seized this morning could have been used to create significant fear and harm in our communities.

"Our streets are made safer with every weapon we take out of circulation, and every arrest we make in relation to firearms possession

"The people who are still intent on carrying and storing such weapons should sleep less soundly knowing that their door might be the next one we come knocking at.

"Operation Target has seen great success in disrupting serious and organised crime, seizing the drugs offenders involved peddle and taking their weapons off them.

"We will now look into whether these guns are linked to any incidents involving firearms and take appropriate action.

"Be assured if you tell us where guns are being stored, we will take firm action to take them off the streets and pout the people who store them before the courts."

Anyone with information about those involved in gun crime, or who knows where weapons are being stored should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
