```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for an assault with a machete on Eaton Street, Prescot in July 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 16 years following assault in Prescot
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/man-jailed-for-16-years-following-assault-in-prescot/
title: Man jailed for 16 years following assault in Prescot | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/man-jailed-for-16-years-following-assault-in-prescot/
```

16:33 19/02/2021

A man has been jailed for an assault with a machete on Eaton Street, Prescot in July 2020.

Thomas Peers, 29, of Woodlands Road, Roby, was sentenced today (Friday 19 February) at Liverpool Crown Court after being found guilty of Section 18 Assault, Attempted Section 18 Assault and Dangerous Driving. He pleaded guilty to Possession of a Bladed Weapon.

Peers received 16 years for Section 18 Assault, 6 years for Attempted Section 18 Assault, 21 months for Dangerous Driving and 21 months for Possession of a Bladed Weapon all to be served concurrently.

At 10.25am on Sunday 19 July 2020, following a verbal altercation, Peers drove at the victim, a man in his 40s, in a white Transit van. The victim attempted to make off on foot and Peers stabbed him in the neck and legs with a machete.

The victim was taken to hospital for his injuries and needed emergency surgery.

Following a thorough investigation by police, Peers was arrested on Thursday 30 July and charged.

Following a trial he was found guilty of assault, attempted assault, dangerous driving and possession of a bladed weapon at an earlier court hearing on 2 February 2021.

Detective Constable Phil Poynton said: "This was a shocking assault which left a man with life threatening injuries. It was only by sheer good fortune that the incident did not end in tragedy.

"Knife crime can and does have devastating consequences to victims, their families and friends, and the lives of everyone around them. We are committed to combatting knife crime and bringing the people responsible to justice.

"I am pleased that Peers will now spend a considerable amount of time behind bars to think about the consequences of his actions.

"I hope that today's sentencing also gives his victim some sense of closure and allows him now to move on with his life."

To report any violent assault, DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 or contact the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously. In an emergency always call 999.
