```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Thank you to the people of Merseyside for pulling together and listening to advice to keep each other safe
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thank you to the people of Merseyside for pulling together and listening to advice to keep each other safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/thank-you-to-the-people-of-merseyside-for-pulling-together-and-listening-to-advice-to-keep-each-other-safe/
title: Thank you to the people of Merseyside for pulling together and listening to advice to keep each other safe | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/thank-you-to-the-people-of-merseyside-for-pulling-together-and-listening-to-advice-to-keep-each-other-safe/
```

21:49 02/05/2020

Police officers, Specials and Police Community Support Officers have been out in our parks and public spaces across Merseyside today talking to members of the public partaking in their daily exercise and encouraging those who weren't adhering to restrictions to do the right thing.

Taylor Park, St Helens

And the majority of people have listened to pleas not to congregate in the parks and open spaces to help prevent the spread of coronavirus.

Calderstones Park, Allerton

Superintendent Mark Wiggins, said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has stayed at home across Merseyside, or only visited parks and open spaces for their daily exercise, and supported each other in trying to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

"There were a few days in the last couple of weeks when there was a greater number of people who were coming visit parks and opens spaces and not adhering to the Government restrictions. But I'm pleased to say that members of the public seem to have listened to the pleas of ourselves, the local authorities and other local organisations to stay home and save lives, and protect our dedicated NHS workers.

North Park, Bootle

Supt Wiggins, continued: "I would urge people to continue to heed the message - the more you stay at home, the less people will become infected with the virus, and the quicker we can return to normality and start to live our lives again #StayHomeSaveLives.

"Merseyside Police has taken a common sense approach to policing the legislative powers given to the police and we want to work with people and only use the powers as a last resort. But our message is clear if you are consistently and flagrantly ignoring the Government advice we will use the legislation that is open to us.

"Those who are consistently flouting the legislation are putting others at risk, including their own families, and I would appeal to their families to explain to them the potential consequences their actions could have on their loved ones. At the end of the day none of us want to be cooped up at home, but that's a better option than the potential alternative.

"In the coming days our officers will continue to be out and about in local communities engaging with the public; checking that people aren't flouting the restrictions; reminding people why those restrictions are in place and encouraging them to do the right thing and go home."

Croxteth Park

He added: "Our officers have been about and about today in our parks and open spaces, talking to those who are taking there daily exercise and reminding people of the restrictions in place. We have taken some photos today which show which show how people have been adhering to the advice and the beauty of our open spaces, which we'll be able to enjoy again once this is all over."

New Brighton beach

People should only be leaving home for essential activities - shopping for food and medication, exercising and going to work if they are key workers and can't work from home - and if you are out for your daily exercise please remember to abide by social distancing rules in public places.

Court Hey Park, Huyton
