```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for life, to serve a minimum of 13 years, 201 days for murdering 26-year-old Dre Estridge in Toxteth in June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for life for murder of Dre Estridge in Toxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-life-for-murder-of-dre-estridge-in-toxteth/
title: Man jailed for life for murder of Dre Estridge in Toxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-life-for-murder-of-dre-estridge-in-toxteth/
```

13:25 11/12/2020

A man has been jailed for life, to serve a minimum of 13 years, 201 days for murdering 26-year-old Dre Estridge in Toxteth in June.

Emergency services were called to an address on Oakham Street, Toxteth, at around 6.15am on Friday 26 June where they found 26-year-old Dre with a single stab wound to the chest.

Sadly, he later died as a result of the injury.

Trene Colecozy-Rogers, 18, of Stevenson Street, Wavertree was arrested on 29 June after his image was circulated by Merseyside Police, and he was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum tariff of 13 years, 201 days today (Friday 11 December).

Detective Chief Inspector Richie Jones said: "This has been an extremely difficult time for the family of Dre Estridge, and we have supported them throughout this process.

"Dre and his family had gathered to mark the 23rd anniversary of the death of his brother O'Shea, who was struck and killed by a motorbike in Toxteth aged just two.

"After the fatal stabbing of Dre, Trene Colecozy-Rogers quickly left the scene and tried to conceal evidence by washing the knife in bleach and hiding it under a paving stone in a rear alleyway, then disposing of his clothes. However, the investigation team were able to trace his movements and recover this evidence.

"Not only did Colecozy-Rogers attempt to evade justice, he made spurious and unproven allegations in court about the victim in an attempt to excuse his actions.

"Those actions not only cost Dre Estridge his life, they have caused Dre's family and loved ones unimaginable suffering - and have now cost Colecozy-Rogers his liberty for a very long time.

"Anyone who picks up a knife in anger, or carries a knife, is capable of inflicting this level of violence on others. Reaching for such a weapon can turn what might have been a one-off disagreement into a life-changing moment for so many people".

"That is why we proactively target offenders and serious and organised crime groups who store, carry and use weapons in our communities all year round.

"We will continue to carry out warrants, land searches, stop searches and make arrests to take such weapons and the people who use them off our streets.

"I welcome the fact Colecozy-Rogers will now spend a long time behind bars - after trying to evade justice in the days that followed the murder. And I sincerely hope he uses that time to reflect on the full impact his actions have had on Dre's loved ones.

"I also hope his jailing today serves as a strong reminder of how dimly police and the courts view anyone who uses weapons to cause injury or to kill."

FAMILY TRIBUTES

On the day Colecozy-Rogers was convicted, Dre's mum Dijuana said: "I woke to rain this morning thinking of my boy in my kitchen telling me 'I told you mum, the truth will come out' and it has rained all day today as we have received justice and the Heavens have fallen.

"The outcome once again has made families fall out. Lives have been wasted and it has caused nothing but pain.

"Dre's life will be remembered in so many ways, and his voice becomes mine. Knives cost lives, they are not plastic. This is not the end of my road, only the beginning.

"As a parent I want changes - I gave my son his first and last kiss, and I wouldn't want anyone else to feel my pain.

"I would like to thank Merseyside Police and the officers who attended court - Detective Chief Inspector Richie Jones, Detective Constable Jan Lea, Detective Constable Dave Gaskell, Nigel Pimblett and Alex Rudzinski. A special thanks to Jan and Dave who supported myself and our family during this devastating time, for their efforts and hard work in bringing my son's killer to justice. I would also like to thank all 11 jurors and the judge, and Mr Pratt and his legal team for using all their efforts to the best of their ability to get to the truth regarding my son's death."

Dre's eldest sister Demi-Lea said: "This has been a devastating situation for all members of our family. I have no words that can comprehend what happened in the summer of 2020. There was never any doubt in my brother's defence - nobody could ever tell any of us anything about our brother.

"We know him inside out, the good and the bad. My brother was so intelligent. He had his whole life ahead of him and was finally getting to were he wanted to be.

"Trene did not take responsibility for anything he did that night at all. Our families are broken on both sides - neither of us deserved it. Trene had no respect whatsoever - he tried to tarnish my brother's name and insult the intelligence of the justice system.

"Dre, I miss you so much. We were the same person. You were and will always be my other half literally. Our hearts are broken - we will never be the same without our brother.

"We love and miss you Dre. Love always, sister number one Demi-Lea."
