```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses following reports of a robbery and shooting in Knowsley this afternoon, Friday, 26 February."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following reports of shooting in Knowsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/witness-appeal-following-shooting-in-knowsley/
title: Witness appeal following reports of shooting in Knowsley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/witness-appeal-following-shooting-in-knowsley/
```

19:44 26/02/2021

We're appealing for witnesses following reports of a robbery and shooting in Knowsley this afternoon, Friday, 26 February.

At around 4.35pm, it was reported that a man riding an off-road bike was approached by two males on Alder Lane. The males reportedly made demands for the bike, before shooting the man and making off.

The first male was already on a bike, described as blue and white in colour, and the second made off on the bike belonging to the victim, described as a red and white Honda.

Emergency services attended and the victim, a man in his 30's, has been taken to hospital for assessment of injuries to his leg and arm, which are believed to be serious but non-life threatening.

An investigation is underway and officers remain in the area to carry out witness, forensic and CCTV enquiries.

Detective Inspector Leanne Hobin said: "We are in the very early stages of an investigation following this shocking incident this afternoon, and I would ask anyone who witnessed the incident, or any suspicious behaviour in the area at the time to please get in touch.

"A man has been shot in broad daylight and I know how concerning this will be for the local community. I want to reassure them that a thorough investigation will now take place as we pursue those responsible. High-visibility patrols will be stepped up in the area and I would encourage anyone with information, or CCTV or dashcam footage, to please come forward, as it make greatly assist our enquires.

"Likewise, if you saw two males on bikes fitting the above descriptions, please let us know. The use of weapons on our streets is despicable and totally unacceptable, and we are determined to remove them, and people that use them, from our streets."

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has further information, CCTV or dashcam footage, is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref 663 of 26 February or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
