```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We recovered 12 BB guns, a stun gun, cannabis, three quad bikes and one mini motorbike in two incidents in Liverpool on Friday (24 April).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: BB guns and stun gun seized by police in Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/bb-guns-and-stun-gun-seized-by-police-in-liverpool/
title: BB guns and stun gun seized by police in Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/bb-guns-and-stun-gun-seized-by-police-in-liverpool/
```

17:40 25/04/2020

We recovered 12 BB guns, a stun gun, cannabis, three quad bikes and one mini motorbike in two incidents in Liverpool on Friday (24 April).

Officers executed a warrant on Snaefell Avenue, Tuebrook at around 10am where the haul of imitation firearms, cannabis and bikes were discovered.

They found 12 BB guns which were replicas of AK47 rifles, one air weapon and a toy shotgun before finding the quad bikes and mini motorbike at the back of the property.

A 56-year-old man from Tuebrook was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and possession with intent to supply cannabis. He has been released under investigation.

Elsewhere, officers responded to intelligence to search bushes off Commercial Road in Kirkdale on Friday (24 April) and found a bag containing a stun gun, which has been taken for forensic examination to see if it is linked to any offenders.

Chief Superintendent Matt Boyle said: "All the weapons we seized yesterday could have easily appeared to be real firearms to the untrained eye, and capable of causing a huge amount of fear if produced in public or used to threaten someone.

"They have all now been seized and will never be used to bring fear or injury to the streets of Merseyside.

"Our investigations into who stored the stun gun in Kirkdale is well underway and we have our forensic team performing a detailed examination to establish if it is linked to any offenders known to us.

"If anyone in the area knows who may have left the weapon there, I would ask them to come forward and let us know.

"I want to reassure the public of Merseyside that while travel restrictions remain in place, or efforts are still out there working to pursue those involved in gun crime of all kinds and keep you safe.

"If while at home or out locally for your daily exercise you see anything suspicious, please contact us. We take all reports seriously and with your help, we can make sure criminals intent on risking the safety of those around them by storing and using firearms are brought to justice."

Anyone with information should contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website here: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
