```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Though Merseyside has recently seen a decrease in burglary, we are issuing advice ahead of the festive season to people who may be storing high-value jewellery and other expensive items.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Op Castle - Crime prevention advice after cash and jewellery burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/op-castle---crime-prevention-advice-after-cash-and-jewellery-burglaries/
title: Op Castle - Crime prevention advice after cash and jewellery burglaries | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/op-castle---crime-prevention-advice-after-cash-and-jewellery-burglaries/
```

09:52 07/11/2019

Though Merseyside has recently seen a decrease in burglary, we are issuing advice ahead of the festive season to people who may be storing high-value jewellery and other expensive items.

Superintendent Graeme Robson said: "We understand the huge impact that burglaries have on our local communities, especially when sentimental and expensive possessions are stolen.

"Since we launched Operation Castle, specifically targeted to prevent burglaries and bring justice to those who commit them, we have seen burglaries across Merseyside decrease by 25.7%

"Merseyside Police encourages people to keep valuable, irreplaceable or treasured possessions in safe location, out of sight of those walking past.

"Our investigations and community policing teams continue to work hard to develop intelligence from the community and partners. We regularly stop-check people acting suspiciously, which deters criminals from operating in these areas, so together we can make these areas hostile places for criminals to operate."

"Follow advice given by Merseyside Police on our website and social media. Many burglaries can be avoided by following simple steps to make your home safer."

Advice on how to keep your valuable safe and secure; marking your property to deter burglars, and a checklist when leaving the home can be found here: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/residential-burglary/
Some advice to help keep expensive goods safe:
Lock all doors and windows, even when at home
Keep valuables out of sight of anyone passing by.
Remove keys from doors once they are locked.
Don't leave your car keys on display (on window ledges/worktops) and don't leave them by doors or windows where they could be grabbed with a hook or cane.

Secure your shed and garage properly. Don't leave tools lying around these could be used to help offender gain entry to your home.

Don't leave any empty boxes advertising new electrical equipment you may have bought outside your house. Try to dispose of the packaging carefully by taking it to a recycling centre or keep it out of sight until the day your rubbish is collected.

Consider investing in a safe and keeping valuable possessions inside. Keep the safe in a secure, hidden place and do not share the code or key with anyone.
Report any suspicious people, vehicles or behaviour in your neighbourhood.

Always call 999 if a burglary is in progress and you can also report any information on suspected burglary and sale of stolen goods via @MerPolCC or anonymously to @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111. #OpCastle #BeatTheBurglar
