```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Over the past month (25th April \u2013 12th May), officers have been focusing their efforts in the Belle Vale and Netherley areas carrying out a number of proactive policing operations in order to target criminals involved in drug crime and serious violence."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive policing continues across Liverpool
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/proactive-policing-continues-across-liverpool/
title: Proactive policing continues across Liverpool | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/proactive-policing-continues-across-liverpool/
```

17:27 12/05/2020

Over the past month (25th April - 12th May), officers have been focusing their efforts in the Belle Vale and Netherley areas carrying out a number of proactive policing operations in order to target criminals involved in drug crime and serious violence.

This has involved high visibility police on foot patrolling the Liverpool Loopline, in parks and in open spaces as well as using quad bikes and plain clothed techniques to spot and apprehend those acting suspiciously.

During the month, three drugs warrants have been carried out at address on Silverbrook Road, Ribble Road and Sullivan Drive where Cannabis, Cocaine, MDMA and a suspected modified firearm were recovered.

In addition to this, 13 people aged from 16 to 50 have been arrested for drugs and other offences.

Officers also recovered a stolen motorbike which had been outstanding since October 2019.

Sgt Steve Passey from our #OpTarget team said: "The team here in Liverpool have been particularly busy over the past few weeks, targeting criminals who have been putting themselves and others at risk by flouting government guidelines and operating illegally.

"This operation comes as a direct response to what you have told us. As a community, we should not stand for dangerous people exploiting others and making financial gains from selling illegal and harmful substances. I encourage anyone that knows of someone committing crime to get in touch so we can investigate and bring offenders to justice."

Elsewhere, officers charged a 27 year old man with possession with intent to supply drugs and possession of a controlled drug after he was spotted acting suspiciously on Boundary Lane, Anfield in the early hours of Sunday morning. He was detained for a drugs search where he was found with 14 wraps of heroin secreted on his person. Officers conducted a further search at his home address where 18 wraps of cocaine, 10 wraps of heroin and cannabis was found. He was remanded in custody and appeared in court yesterday where he was bailed to appear at Magistrates Court for trial.

Another #OpTarget deployment took place in the Kirkdale, Anfield, Kennsington and Tuebrook areas yesterday (11th May) with the intention of reassuring local communities and disrupting those still intent on committing crime.

Officers carried out 79 stop searches of both people and cars to make sure those out and about were adhering with government guidelines. They also made 19 arrests for offences including domestic violence, possession of Class A drugs and drug driving.

During one arrest, officers recovered wraps of brown and white powder and drugs paraphernalia.

Inspector Jordan Quinn said: "It is paramount that everyday policing continues and our communities feel safe if they are having to make essential journeys or are partaking in exercise in the area.

"Identifying those acting illegally is our priority and we remain dedicated in bringing offenders before the courts. If you know someone involved in crime, are concerned about someone susceptible to getting involved in crime or simply have information you'd like to share with us, then please contact us via social media, 101 or anonymously via CrimestoppersUK."
