```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We arrested two men and seized a stun gun, drugs and cash after officers stopped two cars in Stockbridge Village on Friday (13 November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested and drugs, cash and a stun gun seized
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/two-men-arrested-and-drugs-cash-and-a-stun-gun-seized/
title: Two men arrested and drugs, cash and a stun gun seized | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/two-men-arrested-and-drugs-cash-and-a-stun-gun-seized/
```

12:57 16/11/2020

We arrested two men and seized a stun gun, drugs and cash after officers stopped two cars in Stockbridge Village on Friday (13 November).

Officers on patrol on Little Moss Hey at around 11am spotted a blue Jaguar XJ and a Renault Clio travelling at speed, and stopped both cars. The vehicles were found to be uninsured and were seized.

Officers smelled cannabis and following searches, cannabis was found in the possession of both men driving the vehicles.

After a search of a house, a small amount of white powder and a stun gun were recovered. At a second address, Class A and Class B drugs were recovered along with a large quantity of cash.

A 20-year-old man from Kensington was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug (cocaine), possession with intent to supply a Class B drug (cannabis), possession of a weapon for the discharge of a noxious liquid or gas, driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a license and driving with no insurance.

A 23-year-old man from Stockbridge Village was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A (MDMA) and Class B (cannabis) drugs.

They have been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector Jackie Guinness said: "Our officers are always alert to the fact criminals move drugs around Merseyside on the road network to cause harm in communities across the county.

"Thanks to the diligence of officers, drugs and cash are now thankfully out of circulation and cannot help line the pockets of dealers.

"A stun gun has also been recovered which cannot now be used to cause any fear, intimidation or even injury in Merseyside.

"Every single drug we take off the streets hits drugs dealers in the pocket, and impacts their ability to continue their illicit trade, or engage in the violence and threats very often associated with it.

"Enquiries into these recoveries are ongoing and we will continue our pursuit of anyone involved in dealing illegal drugs in Merseyside.

"If you suspect there is drug dealing in your area, or you suspect a vehicle is being used to do transport drugs around the area, do not hesitate to contact police and we will take action."

If you have information, get in touch on Twitter by direct messaging @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 or contact the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
