```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Huyton are introducing a Section 60 order today following the shooting of a 17-year-old male on Wednesday evening (25 November).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 introduced following shooting in Huyton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/section-60-introduced-following-shooting-in-huyton/
title: Section 60 introduced following shooting in Huyton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/section-60-introduced-following-shooting-in-huyton/
```

15:00 26/11/2020

Officers in Huyton are introducing a Section 60 order today following the shooting of a 17-year-old male on Wednesday evening (25 November).

A 26-year-old man from Huyton arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a firearm in the early hours of today remains in custody following the incident at 6.20pm on Blue Bell Lane. The victim is being treated in hospital where his condition is stable.

The Section 60 will be in place from 3pm today (Thursday 26 November) until 4am tomorrow (Friday 27 November).

The Order, under S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop people aged 12-60 in the area (pictured) and is designed to minimise serious violence in the area.

The area is bounded by Croxteth Lane M57 bridge to the extended footpath from Deysbrook Lane to Mab Lane, Princess Drive, Finch Road, Finch Lane, Dovecot Avenue, Pilch Lane, Pilch Lane East, A5080, M57, and back to Croxteth Lane bridge.

Knowsley Community Policing Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "Thankfully incidents such as this, in which a young man has been left with serious leg injuries, are extremely rare.

"We made an arrest within hours of the shooting and will leave no stone unturned in our efforts to establish exactly what happened and bring all those responsible to justice.

"Anyone prepared to endanger the lives of other people by carrying and firing a weapon in the heart of our communities is not welcome in Merseyside.

"Yesterday we stop searched 55 people in Huyton following this incident and this Section 60 order has been introduced to give us more power to stop people in an effort to prevent any further violence.

"We regularly patrol Huyton, and I hope the people who live there will welcome the fact they see our officers out in force in the coming days, both in uniform and plain clothes.

"They will not be troubling people going about their business and if you see us in the street then please do come and say hello, and feel free to share any information or concerns you may have.

"If you speak to us about this incident or any other criminality, we will take positive action."

If you have information about this incident, get in contact with reference 20000717807 by DM via our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
