```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the assault of a teenager in West Derby earlier this month.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following assault in West Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-assault-in-west-derby/
title: Detectives appeal for information following assault in West Derby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-assault-in-west-derby/
```

16:22 24/03/2021

Detectives are appealing for information following the assault of a teenager in West Derby earlier this month.

At around 4.30pm on Saturday 13 March the victim, a 17-year-old boy, was with friends on Walker Playing Field on Kiln Hey when two males approached them and began to argue with them.

One of these suspects produced a knife and made threats towards the victim. The second suspect then punched the victim to the face, causing a broken nose. He was also hit with a brick, sustaining a head wound. The suspects then made off.

The victim was taken to hospital where he was treated for a broken nose and stitches to his head.

CCTV and other witness enquiries have proved negative at this stage.

The first male with the knife is described as white, 5ft 10in tall, wearing a thin black jacket, with the hood up. He was wearing black gloves and carrying a knife that the victim described as a bayonet type of knife, with a smooth bottom edge and serrated top edge. The knife was around 10in in length, black and with a black guard between the handle and blade

The second male is described as white, 5ft 8in tall, with a snood pulled up to cover the bottom half of his face, up to his nose. He wore a grey and black hoody, and a pair of gloves with hard plastic on the knuckles.

Both males spoke with Liverpool accents.

Detective Inspector Sean Kelly-Martland said: "This was an appalling and completely unprovoked attack which left the victim with serious injuries. It was extremely distressing for him and his friends and we're supporting them as our enquiries continue.

"We're hopeful that someone we have yet to identify either witnessed the incident or may have been passing at the time and captured these suspects on home CCTV, dashcam or other device. If so, please come forward and we will take action.

"As with any incident involving a knife being produced, this boy's injuries could have been even worse, and we're determined to find those responsible and bring them to justice."

If you have any information, please contact us via @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook with reference 21000161266. You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously.
