```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for information following a stabbing in St Helens this evening, Tuesday, 19 January."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following stabbing in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-st-helens/
title: Appeal for information following stabbing in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-st-helens/
```

21:43 19/01/2021

**Map of area covered by Section 60 order**

We're appealing for information following a stabbing in St Helens this evening, Tuesday, 19 January.

Shortly before 6.55pm, officers were called to Princess Avenue after it was reported that a 14-year-old boy had been stabbed following an altercation involving a group of youths.

Emergency services attended and the victim has been taken to hospital for treatment to serious wounds to his leg and chest.

An investigation is underway and officers are in the area to carry out forensic, CCTV, and witness enquiries. Anyone with information is asked to get in touch.

A Section 60 stop and search order has been authorised for an area of St Helens in response to the incident.

The order began at 8pm this evening (19 January) and will conclude at 11am tomorrow (Wednesday, 20 January). Officers will be dedicated to policing the order, which gives officers powers to stop and search people in the area and gives them the ability to stop those people they believe may be carrying weapons.

The Section 60 search area is shown on the below map and covers the area bounded by and including: East Lancashire Road, Rainford Road, A570, Dentons Green Lane, Duke Street, North Road and City Road.

Section 60 is a power under the Criminal Justice and Public Order 1994 that allows police officers to stop and search. Where a Section 60 is in place, it means we can search anyone in a certain area, for example, when there is evidence that serious violence has taken place or may take place.

Detective Inspector Yoseph Al-Ramadhan said: "We are in the very early stages of an investigation after a 14-year-old boy sustained serious injuries in St Helens this evening, and I would ask anyone who witnessed the incident, saw any suspicious behaviour, or a group of youths in the Princess Avenue or Bishop Road playing fields area, to please contact us.

"This is an appalling incident and we are working to establish the exact circumstances and identify those involved. The use of weapons on our streets is unacceptable and, as we have seen tonight, can result in serious injury or worse. Officers will remain in the area this evening and I would encourage anyone who may have information, to assist the investigation, or CCTV or dashcam footage, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 21000039628 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111. Information can also be shared through the following link:

https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/appeal-for-information-stabbing-in-st-helens-21000039628
