```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police is reminding young people to look after themselves and their belongings in the run up to Christmas.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Young people reminded to keep valuables safe on run up to Christmas
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/young-people-reminded-to-keep-valuables-safe-on-run-up-to-christmas/
title: Young people reminded to keep valuables safe on run up to Christmas | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/young-people-reminded-to-keep-valuables-safe-on-run-up-to-christmas/
```

11:38 26/11/2020

Merseyside Police is reminding young people to look after themselves and their belongings in the run up to Christmas.

While Christmas is a time for cheer for most people, some individuals take advantage of this time of year to target those who may be carrying valuables and even Christmas presents.

We understand that under current restrictions, many shops, bars and restaurants are currently closed, however it still important when out and about to keep your valuables safe - you don't want to become a victim of crime this Christmas period.

Superintendent Martin Earl said: "We all have a part to play in ensuring everyone is kept safe this festive period and we're urging young people when out and about this year, to take some simple steps, to help stop them becoming a victim of crime.

"We have launched Operation Shepherd, our operation to tackle crime during the festive season and will, be out on the streets both in uniform and plain clothes in and around busy areas. Anyone who is caught committing a robbery will face in the region of five or even ten years in prison, so my question to them would be: is it really worth five years in prison?"

 * People are urged to follow the below advice, to help stop them becoming a victim of crime
 * Keep your mobile safe - keep it hidden while you're outside
 * Register your mobile and other items with www.immobilise.com - this is a general property registration scheme and can help you be reunited with any stolen items if they're recovered
 * Be aware of who is around you and where you are - stay in busy areas that are well-lit at night
 * Make sure to password protect your mobile and other devices and change default pin numbers
 * Stay safe - stay together. If you go out at night don't go out alone
 * Make sure your bike is locked and if you can, put a tracker on it. If someone takes it, you stand a better chance of getting it back
 * Don't advertise any new purchases to thieves - if you buy new trainers for example - wear them straight away or put them in a different bag to the one from the shop
 * Don't leave any purchases on display in cars or on public transport - keep it safe, keep it hidden
 * Finally, register and mark any property such as X-Boxes or PlayStations with UV pen - use your postcode or contact number

S added: "We know this year has been hard for young people - we don't want them to become a victim of crime as well. I'd continue to appeal directly to anyone who thinks it is acceptable to take someone else's belongings - search your conscience and consider how your actions will affect your victim, maybe even more so during this incredibly difficult time."

Visit the force's social media pages Twitter - @MerseyPolice, Facebook and Snap Chat for more information and advice.
