```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm that a Fairfield man has been sentenced to four years and 10 months in a young offenders institution for raping a girl in 2016.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fairfield man sentenced to four years and ten months for rape in 2016
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/fairfield-man-sentenced-to-four-years-and-ten-months-for-rape-in-2016/
title: Fairfield man sentenced to four years and ten months for rape in 2016 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/fairfield-man-sentenced-to-four-years-and-ten-months-for-rape-in-2016/
```

08:15 29/10/2020

We can confirm that a Fairfield man has been sentenced to four years and 10 months in a young offenders institution for raping a girl in 2016.

20-year-old Marek Slepcik of Lorne Street, Fairfield was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday, Wednesday 28 October.

Slepcik raped an 11-year-old girl at an abandoned house in Kensington in 2016, when he was 16. He was initially arrested in 2016 and denied the offence. As enquiries continued, Slepcik left the country to travel to Slovakia with his family and was eventually brought back to face justice this July.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Constable Radley Haynes said: "Although he attempted to evade justice by travelling abroad, we are pleased that Slepcik has finally been made to face the consequences of his actions in 2016.

"Although no sentence can truly remove the psychological impact of such a serious crime, we hope that Slepcik being in prison provides some comfort to the victim as she continues her recovery.

"The victim in this case has been extremely brave in coming forward, and shown strength throughout the process, one which was drawn-out across four years due to the cowardly actions of Slepcik.

"We treat all allegations of rape sensitively and with compassion, and our specially trained officers will ensure that victims are listened to, safeguarded and supported every step of the way, regardless of the time passed and the complexities of the case.

"If anybody else is out there suffering in silence I want you to know that there is a lot of help and support available to you, both from Merseyside Police, and from reliable and trusted support groups who will support you from your initial report and for as long as you need.

"There is a great deal of support and advice out there and we can put measures in place to help victims from the point they make a report to the police right through to the court hearing."

Anyone with information or wants to report sexual offence allegation is asked to call 101 where you will be spoken to by specially trained officers or you can pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Support for victims is also available through the registered charity the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre Cheshire and Merseyside, who can be contacted on 01925 221 546 or 0330 363 0063 or Rape and Sexual Assault Merseyside (RASA) on 0151 558 1801.
