```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We arrested a man yesterday (Wednesday 3 February) after a scrambler bike was seen being ridden through Netherley and tracked by a police helicopter.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after Netherley scrambler bike pursuit
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/man-arrested-after-netherley-scrambler-bike-pursuit/
title: Man arrested after Netherley scrambler bike pursuit | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/man-arrested-after-netherley-scrambler-bike-pursuit/
```

15:50 04/02/2021

We arrested a man yesterday (Wednesday 3 February) after a scrambler bike was seen being ridden through Netherley and tracked by a police helicopter.

Shortly before 12.50pm it was reported by a member of the public that bikes were being ridden dangerously in the Parkview Drive area.

Officers were deployed alongside a National Police Service helicopter, and some of the bikes were tracked.

At around 3.05pm, a red electric bike was reported being ridden at speed - along pedestrian footpaths and across junctions - through residential streets through Belle Vale and Netherley.

Following a short pursuit, a 20-year-old man from Belle Vale was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, driving without third party insurance, and failing to stop for a constable in uniform. He has been released under investigation.

Officers also seized three illegal bikes and issued two Covid fines to an associated group as part of the police response.

Chief Inspector Karl Baldwin said: "We share the public's frustration when scrambler bikes are seen being ridden in such a dangerous manner on our streets and pavements, putting pedestrians and drivers of other vehicles at risk.

"The commitment of our officers yesterday, working with the National Police Air Service, shows that we will do everything in our power to stop people from blighting our roads and open spaces in this way.

"I would encourage anyone who has information about illegal bikes to contact us. Working together we will make our streets safer and reduce pressures on our NHS services and an already challenging time."

Anyone with information on scrambler bikes can contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their website.
