```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating incidents of suspected arson and criminal damage in Maghull have arrested five people today, Monday 22 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested following arson and criminal damage incidents in Maghull
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/five-arrested-following-arson-and-criminal-damage-incidents-in-maghull/
title: Five arrested following arson and criminal damage incidents in Maghull | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/five-arrested-following-arson-and-criminal-damage-incidents-in-maghull/
```

15:42 22/02/2021

Detectives investigating incidents of suspected arson and criminal damage in Maghull have arrested five people today, Monday 22 February.

At around 10am, officers were called to a house on Green Lane to reports of threats being made and damage caused to a window of a home, with occupants inside. There were no injuries but the occupants were left extremely distressed.

A total of five people were detained by officers nearby or later on, following enquiries, and are as follows:

A 48-year-old woman from Walton was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit criminal damage and possession of cannabis
A 16-year-old boy from Kirkby was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit arson
A 15-year-old boy from Maghull was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit arson
A 17-year-old boy from Kirkby was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit arson
A 16-year-old boy from Walton was arrested on suspicion of threats to damage/destroy property and possession of a bladed weapon in a public place

They have all been taken to police stations for questioning as enquiries continue. The arrests also relate to a suspected arson of a car in the Green Lane area at around 8.50pm on Thursday 18 February. Both incidents are believed to be cases of mistaken identity.

Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said: "Each of those arrested will now be questioned. We believe that the vehicle and home in question were both targeted wrongly, leaving those victims understandably terrified. I hope today's action offers some reassurance locally, as we continue to thoroughly investigate both offences.

"Regardless of the motive, it beggars belief that anyone could be so stupid and reckless as to deliberately set fire to a car and to damage a property with innocent people inside. The consequences could have been catastrophic and have caused fear and worry within the community.

"If you have any information or witnessed either incident, either at the time or via CCTV or dashcam footage, please come forward directly or anonymously via Crimestoppers. We will keep taking positive action to remove those we suspect of causing harm in your community."
​
If you have information, please contact our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' with reference 21000115320.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
