```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have welcomed the sentencing of Michael McDonagh for the assault of a man at a wedding party in Netherton in 2019.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 11 years and six months for assault in Netherton in 2019
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-11-years-and-six-months-for-assault-in-netherton-in-2019/
title: Man jailed for 11 years and six months for assault in Netherton in 2019 | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-11-years-and-six-months-for-assault-in-netherton-in-2019/
```

15:07 02/03/2021

We have welcomed the sentencing of Michael McDonagh for the assault of a man at a wedding party in Netherton in 2019.

Shortly before 6pm on Tuesday, 21 May, officers were called to Stand Park Avenue, close to our Lady of Walsingham social club, following reports a man had been assaulted by another man, during an altercation involving a large group.

The victim, who was 28 at the time, was taken to hospital for treatment to serious injuries, including a large slash wound to his back and wounds on his arms.

Following an extensive investigation, 26-year-old Michael McDonagh of Carr Lane, Liverpool, was arrested and charged in April 2020. He pleaded guilty to section 18 wounding with intent and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, and was sentenced to 11 years and six months in prison at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday, 26 February.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Chief Inspector Simon Hurst said: "McDonagh is a dangerous individual who evaded arrest for over a year by fleeing the country, and it's incredibly pleasing to see that he has now been brought to justice, following what has been a painstaking and lengthy investigation into a horrific assault.

"McDonagh's actions left a young man with very serious injuries requiring extensive hospital treatment, and the consequences could have no doubt been fatal. To carry a knife, particularly to an event such as a wedding party, is absolutely shameful, and has rightly resulted in a significant jail sentence.

"McDonagh was identified as a suspect through CCTV and forensic evidence, and I would like to thank the officers involved, particularly DC Tweedle who led the investigation, for their hard work during an incredibly challenging investigation. Due to their sheer determination, McDonagh was put before the courts and can no longer pose a risk to our communities."
