```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police has been working with Liverpool FC and Everton FC ahead of their FA Cup match at Anfield on Sunday (5 January 2020) to ensure fans of both clubs have a safe and enjoyable afternoon.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement ahead of Liverpool v Everton FA Cup match
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/statement-ahead-of-liverpool-v-everton-fa-cup-match/
title: Statement ahead of Liverpool v Everton FA Cup match | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/statement-ahead-of-liverpool-v-everton-fa-cup-match/
```

11:24 05/01/2020

Merseyside Police has been working with Liverpool FC and Everton FC ahead of their FA Cup match at Anfield on Sunday (5 January 2020) to ensure fans of both clubs have a safe and enjoyable afternoon.

Chief Inspector Paul Sutcliffe said: "As with any match, a comprehensive and appropriate policing operation has been put in place ahead of Sunday's game and we have liaised with both clubs to achieve this.

"These plans take into account a range of factors including any previous incidents and fixtures between the clubs. Following the last derby fixture we met with the clubs and fan groups to debrief the event and discuss plans for the forthcoming FA Cup fixture, and every measure we have introduced has been brought in to ensure the safety of all supporters, as well as local residents, on the day of the game.

"The measures we are undertaking on Anfield Road are not about segregating fans. We have vast experience policing derby matches and know that fans of both clubs will mix with their family, friends and neighbours - regardless of whether they are Red or Blue - in the run up to this game, and it is an occasion that should be celebrated.

"The away allocation for this fixture is much larger than a Premier League match, and the steps we have taken are about getting the 7,900 Everton fans expected to attend into the ground safely. We have worked with both clubs and fan groups to achieve this.

"As with all fixtures at Anfield, we will have officers on duty at the ground, both uniformed and plain clothed, supported by mobile CCTV provided by Liverpool City Council, and specialist resources including the Dog Section, mounted police and the National Police Air Service. We will also have a city centre policing plan in place throughout the day. This is standard procedure.

"We know that this will be a busy operation and we hope that fans attending the match will act as ambassadors for their clubs.

"As usual we would ask fans with tickets to arrive at the ground as early as possible. Fans without tickets should not attend at all; they will not be allowed entry into the stadium."

Liverpool Football Club has issued important information on stadium access for the match.
