```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after an assault and attempted robbery in Thatto Heath on Wednesday 24 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after assault and attempted robbery in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/appeal-for-information-after-assault-and-attempted-robbery-in-st-helens/
title: Appeal for information after assault and attempted robbery in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/appeal-for-information-after-assault-and-attempted-robbery-in-st-helens/
```

15:28 02/03/2021

We are appealing for information after an assault and attempted robbery in Thatto Heath on Wednesday 24 February.

At around 2.30pm, it was reported that a woman in her 50s was walking along the side path off Main Avenue near to the allotments when she was approached by two unknown males on electric bikes. One man attempted to grab her earphones from her before punching the woman in the face and kicking her to the floor in an attempt to steal her mobile phone.

Both offenders made off in the direction of Main Avenue. They are described as white, in their late teens, and with local accents.

The first male was dressed in all black clothing and wore a mask with a green lizard on the front (similar to the one pictured below), Berghaus waterproof trousers, a quilted jacket, and gloves. He was riding a black electric bike with red on the handlebars.

The second male was wearing all black waterproof clothing with his hood up and a black mask.

CCTV and forensic enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Leanne Hobin said: "This was no doubt an awful ordeal for the victim, who has described her fear at being kicked to the floor by one of these callous males. We are working to identify the offenders and bring them to justice as soon as possible.

"If you were in the area of Main Avenue, the Foxwood Estate or St Georges Playing Field at the time of the incident, please let us know. It might be that you have CCTV or dash cam footage which could help identify the youths.

"I'd like to reassure people in the area that this type of attack is rare. However, we take reports such as these incredibly seriously and will support victims however we can."

Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 21000123506 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
