```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We&#39;re welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to five years in prison for robbery, theft and fraud offences carried out over two days in May.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wirral man Michael Roberts sentenced to five years in prison for robbery, theft and fraud offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/wirral-man-michael-roberts-sentenced-to-five-years-in-prison-for-robbery-theft-and-fraud-offences/
title: Wirral man Michael Roberts sentenced to five years in prison for robbery, theft and fraud offences | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/wirral-man-michael-roberts-sentenced-to-five-years-in-prison-for-robbery-theft-and-fraud-offences/
```

16:05 23/10/2019

We're welcoming the sentencing of a Wirral man to five years in prison for robbery, theft and fraud offences carried out over two days in May.

57-year-old Michael Roberts of Borough Road, Seacombe was sentenced today (Wednesday 23 October) at Liverpool Crown Court following an investigation by Wirral detectives.

At around 2.40pm on Wednesday 15 May, a woman in her 30s left West Kirby Library with her young child in a buggy and was walking onto the Wirral Way. She was punched from behind by Roberts, causing her to fall to the floor and the buggy to topple over. Roberts stole the victim's handbag, including a cash card, which was spent in West Kirby purchasing cigarettes.

Roberts then travelled to Birkenhead, changed his clothing and continued to use the card in the Birkenhead and Seacombe areas.

At around 11am the following day (Thursday 16 May), Roberts entered the West Kirby Tap public house on Grange Road and sat next to woman in her 30s, who was on crutches. When the victim left her seat, Roberts stole her purse from her handbag and later used a card to make more purchases locally.

Roberts was arrested in Birkenhead later that day.

Detective Constable Kevin Thomas said: "The actions of Roberts over those two May days were desperate and despicable. To target a woman out with her young child, and then a second woman on crutches, is beyond belief.

"Thankfully, the victim of the robbery and her child were not seriously hurt, but the emotional impact is harder to measure. We will continue do all in our powers to find and put before the courts those who assault, threaten steal from those in our communities."

If you have any information on suspected robbery and theft, contact us on 999 if a crime is in progress, or pass information via @MerPolCC or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can also follow our local Wirral Police Facebook and Twitter pages for news, event and advice.
