```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested two men following an aggravated burglary in Lancashire this morning (Wednesday 10 February).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested in Halewood following aggravated burglary in Lancashire
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/two-arrested-in-halewood-following-aggravated-burglary-in-lancashire/
title: Two arrested in Halewood following aggravated burglary in Lancashire | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/two-arrested-in-halewood-following-aggravated-burglary-in-lancashire/
```

12:39 10/02/2021

We have arrested two men following an aggravated burglary in Lancashire this morning (Wednesday 10 February).

At around 4.10am Lancashire Police were called to reports of a burglary at an address on Byrom Street in Blackburn.

Male offenders were reported to have forced entry to the address with weapons. They were reported to have stolen a number of motorbikes and quad bikes, along with other items such as helmets and boots.

The offenders then made off in a white transit van, which was spotted by police on the motorway.

Police continued to pursue the vehicle along the M62. Merseyside Police pursued the vehicle to Norley Place, Halewood, where it was abandoned.

Two men then made off on foot onto the live railway line where they were tracked by police helicopters.

Two men, aged 19 and 20, were arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary and railway trespass.

The 20-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and driving while disqualified.

The men will now be questioned by police.

Two quad bikes and one scrambler bike were recovered from the van.

Inspector Carl McNulty from the Roads Policing Unit said, "Our response to the incident this morning is an excellent example of how we at Merseyside Police work together with other forces to tackle offenders who are prepared to cross borders to commit crime.

"I'd like to thank all officers from Lancashire Police, Cheshire Police and the British Transport Police who were involved in successfully apprehending the suspects.

"I hope that this sends a message to would-be offenders that if you commit crime and attempt to use the motorway network to get away, we will find you and bring you to justice."
