```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have arrested a man and seized suspected drugs today (Thursday 18 March) as part of an ongoing investigation into drugs supply on Merseyside.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Venetic: Man arrested for drug offences in Wirral'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-venetic-man-arrested-for-drug-offences-in-wirral/
title: 'Op Venetic: Man arrested for drug offences in Wirral | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/op-venetic-man-arrested-for-drug-offences-in-wirral/
```

17:40 18/03/2021

We have arrested a man and seized suspected drugs today (Thursday 18 March) as part of an ongoing investigation into drugs supply on Merseyside.

Officers arrested a 33-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and B drugs (cocaine, heroin, ketamine, amphetamine and cannabis) and on suspicion of possession of criminal property at his home address in Wallasey.

On searching the property police, found a quantity of suspected Class A and B drugs and a number of watches.

He has been taken into custody and will be questioned by police.

More than 80 people have been arrested in Merseyside so far as a result Operation Venetic, which has involved European law enforcement agencies working with the NCA and supported across the UK by police forces and Regional Organised Crime Units.

The operation came about after law enforcement officials in Europe managed to crack the 'encrochat' service being used by criminals involved in serious and organised crime to carry out their business.

Around 60,000 users of encrochat have been identified worldwide, with about 10,000 of them in the UK - all involved in coordinating and planning the supply and distribution of drugs and weapons, money laundering and other criminal activity.

Inspector Jordan Quinn said: "The arrest today is another great result for Operation Venetic and shows just how seriously police and the courts take those organised criminals who supply drugs across Merseyside and beyond.

"These criminals may believe they are beyond the law, but we have officers working round-the-clock on the streets and behind the scenes to gather intelligence and evidence that will inevitably lead to them being given a rude awakening, and put before the courts.

"Working with other forces, the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit and the National Crime Agency, we will continue to identify opportunities to take enforcement action such as this to safeguard our communities and mitigate any risk of serious violence.

"I can reassure the communities of Merseyside that the force will continue its fight against those involved in serious organised crime to make our communities safer."

If you have any information about suspected drug dealing in your area, please contact @MerPolCC, 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
