```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have carried out a number of warrants and searches and seized cash, drugs and weapons as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling crime on Merseyside.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Business as usual during lockdown as arrests made and drugs, cash and weapons seized
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/business-as-usual-during-lockdown-as-arrests-made-and-drugs-cash-and-weapons-seized/
title: Business as usual during lockdown as arrests made and drugs, cash and weapons seized | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/january/business-as-usual-during-lockdown-as-arrests-made-and-drugs-cash-and-weapons-seized/
```

14:25 14/01/2021

We have carried out a number of warrants and searches and seized cash, drugs and weapons as part of our ongoing commitment to tackling crime on Merseyside.

Despite Merseyside currently being in lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic it is business as usual for our officers and we are continuing to use everything within our powers to disrupt criminal activity and bring people to justice.

On Monday 21st December a warrant was executed at a property on Alexandra Road in Birkenhead which resulted in the arrest of two males and a female on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

During the search over 100 wraps of Class A drugs together with cannabis and £400 cash was recovered. All three have been released under investigation.

On Monday 28th December we executed a drugs warrant at an address in Kempton Road in Wavertree. A 31 year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a controlled drug (Class B). She been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

On Tuesday 29th December we carried out an open land search in Slim Road, Huyton and recovered a firearm (below) that had been hidden in bushes.

On Sunday 3rd January officers on patrols saw a man acting suspiciously close to Toft Street in Kensington. Following a search of the area the smell of cannabis was detected coming from a nearby property. Officers entered the property and found a large cannabis farm. Enquiries remain ongoing.

On Wednesday 6th January a drugs warrant was executed at a house on Dymoke Walk in Croxteth and officers found three rooms have been converted to grow cannabis. Associated equipment was seized and enquiries remain ongoing.

Also on 6th January officers also took to the streets in a proactive attempt to arrest those involved in serious violence. Amongst others, seven people were arrested for more serious crimes including possession of a firearm, possession of criminal property, knife and drugs offences. On Sheil Road in Kensington officers stopped a car where inside they noticed a strong smell of cannabis. ** ** The four occupants were searched and the passenger, a 26 year old man, was found carrying £3000 in cash.

On Thursday 7th January a warrant was executed at a house on Kamala Way in Norris Green. Officers found evidence of a cannabis farm and cash was seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act. A 51 year-old woman voluntarily attended for interview and enquiries remain ongoing.

On Friday 8th January officers executed a drugs warrant at a property in Virginia Road, New Brighton, and found a substantial cannabis farm located across multiple rooms in the property. Deini Kapllani, 23, of no fixed abode, was charged with producing a controlled drug (Class B) and was remanded into custody.

On Tuesday 12th January a warrant was executed a house in Romer Road in Fairfield. A 28 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, production of cannabis and abstracting electricity. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Also on 12th January, officers arrested a 31 year old man who they believed was connected to a business robbery in November 2020 on Old Chester Road. The Mercedes they believed to be linked to the robbery was spotted by off-duty officers on Town Lane, Higher Bebington. The car owner, a 31 year old was confronted and as a result his home was searched where officers located £5000 cash, numerous tablets, cannabis and suspected cocaine.

Deputy Chief Constable Serena Kennedy said: "I want our communities to know that even during a pandemic our work does not stop - it really is business as usual when it comes to tackling criminals and bringing them to justice.

"Everything we do is to protect our communities from harm, and our pursuit of anyone who risks threatening the safety and security of people living in Merseyside is constant and relentless.

"We fully understand the scourge that drug dealing and the associated gang criminality has on our communities and we are determined to stamp it out.

"We also want our communities to be our eyes and ears. If you suspect someone is involved in crime, no matter what, get in touch. It may start with petty crime but those involved in criminal activity can spiral into more serious violence and sooner or later the law will catch up with them. If you know who is dealing drugs, storing or using weapons then please let us know.

Anyone who has any information about drug dealing or criminality in their area can DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
