```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Wirral are introducing Section 60 orders in the Beechwood and Tranmere/Rock Ferry areas this afternoon (Saturday 20 February) following recent incidents of violence in the areas, and following on from a similar order brought in last week.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 orders introduced in Beechwood and Tranmere/Rock Ferry areas of Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/section-60-orders-introduced-in-beechwood-and-tranmererock-ferry-areas-of-wirral/
title: Section 60 orders introduced in Beechwood and Tranmere/Rock Ferry areas of Wirral | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/section-60-orders-introduced-in-beechwood-and-tranmererock-ferry-areas-of-wirral/
```

14:34 20/02/2021

Officers in Wirral are introducing Section 60 orders in the Beechwood and Tranmere/Rock Ferry areas this afternoon (Saturday 20 February) following recent incidents of violence in the areas, and following on from a similar order brought in last week.

The Section 60 will begin at 3pm today and remain in place until 6am tomorrow (Sunday 21 February).

The Order, under S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, gives officers enhanced stop and search powers to stop males aged 16-50 in the areas (pictured) and is designed to minimise serious violence.

The first order covers the Beechwood Estate, an area bounded by Fender Way, Upton Road, Eleanor Road and Bidston Village Road (Map 1).

The second area is the Rock Ferry/Tranmere Area of the Wirral. This is an area bounded by Bedford Avenue, Rock Ferry onto Bedford Road onto New Chester Road onto the A41 onto the point that it joins Borough Road the whole length to Storeton road and Mount road and then Bedford Avenue (Map 2).

Community Inspector Ross Meredith said: "Following assaults and criminal damage in the areas covered by this order, we have introduced these Section 60 orders in order to prevent further incidents.

"We regularly patrol Beechwood, Tranmere and Rock Ferry, and I hope the people who live there will welcome the fact they will see more of our officers out in force this weekend.

"Officers will not be troubling people going about their business and if you see us in the street then please talk to us, and feel free to share any information or concerns you may have. We'll take positive action whenever we can to make the communities safer."

If you have information about criminality in your area, DM our social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
