```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of Michael Rainsford in Litherland earlier this year have arrested five people in connection with the incident this morning, Wednesday, 15 July.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested in connection with murder of Michael Rainsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/five-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-of-michael-rainsford/
title: Five arrested in connection with murder of Michael Rainsford | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/five-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-of-michael-rainsford/
```

16:29 15/07/2020

Detectives investigating the murder of Michael Rainsford in Litherland earlier this year have arrested five people in connection with the incident this morning, Wednesday, 15 July.

Shortly before 11.10pm on Tuesday, 7 April, officers were called to Harrington Road following reports a man had been shot through the window of a house by offenders believed to be on an electric bike outside.

Emergency services attended and the victim, 20-year-old Michael Rainsford, was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.

As part of the ongoing investigation, officers have today arrested an 18-year-old man from Seaforth and a 22-year-old man from Seaforth on suspicion of murder, an 18-year-old man from Netherton on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, and a 47-year-old woman from Seaforth and a 45-year-old woman from Seaforth on suspicion of assisting an offender.

Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Detective Superintendent Richie Salter said: "An extensive investigation into the murder of Michael Rainsford is ongoing and we continue to make significant progress with a further five arrests today.

"Michael was a young man who's life was cruelly taken from him and his family are still coming to terms with his loss. We are still keen to speak to anyone with information about the murder, so if you can assist, please get in touch either directly to us or anonymously through Crimestoppers."

If you have information, or any CCTV or dashcam footage, you can contact us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting ref. 20000205585 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
