```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkdale man to 20 months imprisonment after an investigating into coercive and controlling behaviour, malicious communications and computer misuse.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kirkdale man jailed for controlling behaviour and computer misuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/kirkdale-man-jailed-for-controlling-behaviour-and-computer-misuse/
title: Kirkdale man jailed for controlling behaviour and computer misuse | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/kirkdale-man-jailed-for-controlling-behaviour-and-computer-misuse/
```

16:13 14/09/2020

Detectives are welcoming the sentencing of a Kirkdale man to 20 months imprisonment after an investigation into coercive and controlling behaviour, malicious communications and computer misuse.

Ryan Campbell, 21, of Smith Place was sentenced today (Monday 14 September) at Liverpool Crown Court following an extensive investigation.

He was sentenced for offences under the Computer Misuse Act; witness intimidation; and coercive and controlling behaviour after pleading guilty in August.

Usually under the pseudonym of 'Ryan Tricks', Campbell contacted a victim of a previous case, making threats to harm them and delete evidence. He subjected another female victim to coercive and controlling behaviour, including making threats via social media accounts linked to other people. Campbell also made attempts to obtain indecent images from a teenage girl and made threats to her when these demands were refused.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Constable Wayne McGuffie said: "Campbell has been subject of a long-running, complex investigation, and we're pleased by today's verdict.

"Campbell tormented his victims, causing significant distress and harm to their wellbeing in a variety of ways. I'd like to thank them in supporting a difficult investigation through to today's conclusion. We hope that the outcome can help their healing processes as they look to move on in life.

"People like Campbell think that the internet will give them anonymity to make threats and ruin lives. We are dedicated to investigating all such reports, protecting victims and putting perpetrators before the courts.

"Coercive behaviour is an act or a pattern of acts of assault, threats, humiliation and intimidation or other abuse that is used by the abuser to harm, punish, or frighten their victim. Online or offline, this can have catastrophic consequences for victims

"If you're a victim of any form of domestic abuse, or know someone who is, and there's an emergency that's ongoing or life is in danger, call 999 now. If you've been the victim of domestic abuse, or are concerned for someone who is, you can report this in the safety of your local police station.

"By definition, these offences consist of a pattern, which naturally will increase over time. Domestic abuse in all its forms is still significantly under-reported, and sadly too many people are still suffering in silence. Breaking out of the cycle of domestic abuse is difficult but help is out there. I would like to assure victims that what you tell us will be taken seriously, you will be looked after and given the right kind of care and support, and strong action will be taken against the person responsible.

"Our message to anyone who suspects domestic abuse is going on is to do the right thing and tell us so we can put a stop to it. If you have a friend or neighbour who you know is suffering from domestic abuse, please let us know. By contacting us you could be helping someone who is too afraid to help themselves.

"If you want to report domestic abuse, contact Merseyside Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or seek specialist support call the confidential 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247. This helpline is free and run in partnership by Refuge and Women's Aid."
