```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have seized a moped and arrested three males following a joint policing operation yesterday afternoon, Friday, 12 June.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested following operation targeting off-road bikes
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/joint-scrambler-bike-operation-on-cheshire-lines-cycle-path/
title: Three arrested following operation targeting off-road bikes | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/joint-scrambler-bike-operation-on-cheshire-lines-cycle-path/
```

13:17 13/06/2020

We have seized a moped and arrested three males following a joint policing operation yesterday afternoon, Friday, 12 June.

Officers from Merseyside and Lancashire police joined forces to target the anti-social and illegal use of off-road bikes on the Cheshire Lines cycle path, which runs from Plex Moss Lane, Lancashire to Sefton Lane in Maghull.

During the operation, officers arrested three males in connection with a suspected stolen moped which was seized.

Constable Alan Thompson said: "Yesterday's operation came in response to a number of reports of off-road bikes being ridden dangerously along the cycle path which runs from Lancashire to Merseyside, and we have had some pleasing results, with arrests and the recovery of a moped.

"The reckless use of these bikes, as we have seen before, can result in serious injury or even worse. They can also present a great nuisance for the local communities and it's vital that parents, guardians, family members and friends think seriously before allowing young people to own or use them.

"Through Operation Brookdale, we will continue to work to eradicate the illegal use of these bikes, and I would like to emphasise how important the help of the public is in doing this. If you know of where these bikes are being ridden or stored, let us know so we can take action.

"We regularly seize such vehicles off the back of your information, and if we can do so before they are out causing harm in the communities, then all the better. All information can and is acted upon to take illegally used vehicles from the streets."

Anyone with information on the anti-social and nuisance use of off-road bikes is encouraged to keep reporting incidents to @MerPolCC, call 101 or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 and we will keep taking action #OpBrookdale
