```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in Kirkby following a recent assault and tensions in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 introduced in Kirkby following assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/section-60-introduced-in-kirkby-following-assault/
title: Section 60 introduced in Kirkby following assault | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/section-60-introduced-in-kirkby-following-assault/
```

15:00 13/07/2020

Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in Kirkby following a recent assault and tensions in the area.

The order - which gives officers enhanced powers to stop and search suspects - is running from 2pm today (Monday 13 July) until 4am tomorrow morning (Tuesday 14 July).

At about 3am yesterday (Sunday 12 July), officers were called to a disturbance involving a group of men on Westhead Avenue, Kirkby. Patrols attended and on arrival found a 27-year-old man who had suffered slash wounds to his back, neck and face and a 22-year-old woman who had a cut to her head. Another man was found nearby with a stab wound to his upper arm. Enquiries are ongoing.

The map for is attached and area is bounded by the M57; East Lancashire Road; Moorgate Road; Lees Road across to Dale Lane; Pingwood Lane to Hall Lane and across to junction Bank Lane (A506) and Prescot Road (B5192); Prescot Road; Glovers Brow; Across to Kirkby train station line to M57

Community Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "We have introduced this order following a serious assault in Kirkby in the early hours of yesterday, and further reports of local tensions.

"Section 60 orders have proved successful not only in arresting and identifying suspects, but also in sending a message to offenders that we will not sit back and allow criminals to put local people in fear of what might happen next.

"These orders are aimed at disrupting those intent on criminal activity - not normal people going about their daily business, and I am grateful for the patience, understanding and support shown by the Kirkby community as we take this action.

"I would also like to reassure communities in other parts of Merseyside that our presence in and around Kirkby is not at the expense of those areas. We continue to patrol and be visible in all areas that require our attention and action, and let you know any results as we get them.

"I would urge anyone with information on the incident in question to come forward and speak to us, either directly or via @MerPolCC, 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. We will act on all information to remove those who cause harm from your streets."
