```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers from our Priority Crime Team on patrol in Ridgewood Drive, St Helens have yesterday (7th November) arrested eight people on suspicion of offences including possession of a controlled drug, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, possession of criminal property and possession of a firearm whilst prohibited.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight people arrested for drugs offences in St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/eight-people-arrested-for-drugs-offences-in-st-helens/
title: Eight people arrested for drugs offences in St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/eight-people-arrested-for-drugs-offences-in-st-helens/
```

15:27 08/11/2019

Officers from our Priority Crime Team on patrol in Ridgewood Drive, St Helens have yesterday (7th November) arrested eight people on suspicion of offences including possession of a controlled drug, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, possession of criminal property and possession of a firearm whilst prohibited.

The arrests were a result of officers spotting a Renault Scenic car acting suspiciously shortly before 9pm last night. The driver was then seen entering a property on the street and once he left shortly afterwards, was stop checked where he was found in possession of a quantity of white powder. As a result, he was arrested on suspicion of Possession of a Controlled Class A Drug.

Whilst officers were dealing with this initial incident, a teenage boy came out of the same property, he quickly made off on foot but was detained and arrested for obstructing a search under The Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

Officers then entered the property under Section 32 of The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 where inside officers located five other men and one woman who were all arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of criminal property. One of the men was also further arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm whilst prohibited after two air rifles were found inside his car.

During a further search of the property, officers located a large quantity of white and brown powder believed to be cocaine, amphetamine and heroin. They also recovered drugs paraphernalia, mobile phones and a large quantity of cash.

All of those arrested have been remanded in custody at this stage for further questioning and an investigation is ongoing. Anyone with information should contact us quoting 19100651784 #OpTarget
