```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Do the right thing this weekend - #StayHomeSaveLives'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Do the right thing this weekend - #StayHomeSaveLives'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/do-the-right-thing-this-weekend---stayhomesavelives/
title: 'Do the right thing this weekend - #StayHomeSaveLives | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/do-the-right-thing-this-weekend---stayhomesavelives/
```

16:22 01/05/2020

Updated News Post

Officers, Specials and Police Community Support Officers will be out and about in our parks and public spaces this weekend to remind people of the importance of adhering to the current restrictions in place to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus.

And our message is simple - the more you stay at home the less people will become infected with the virus and the quicker we can return to normality and start to live our lives again #StayHomeSaveLives.

The force has taken a common sense approach to policing the legislative powers given to the police and we want to work with people and only use the powers as a last resort. But our message is clear if you are consistently and flagrantly ignoring the Government powers we will use the legislation that is open to us.

Those who are consistently flouting the legislation are putting others at risk, including their own families, and I would appeal to their families to explain to them the potential consequences their actions could have on their loved ones. At the end of the day none of us want to be cooped up at home, but that's a better option that the potential alternative.

Whilst we understand that boredom may be setting in and that some people may be frustrated by the restrictions in place we would like to just ask people to remember the human impact that the Coronavirus is having on our communities and the loved ones of families across the county.

People should only be leaving home for essential activities - shopping for food and medication, exercising and going to work if they are key workers and can't work from home - and if you are out for your daily exercise please remember to abide by social distancing rules in public places.

Our officers will continue to be out and about in local communities engaging with the public; checking that people aren't flouting the restrictions; reminding people why those restrictions are in place and encouraging them to do the right thing and go home.
