```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers from our #OpTarget team were today (4th March) joined by our Underwater Search Team to conduct patrols both in and out of the water!'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers dive into tackling serious violence in day of action across Sefton and Knowsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/officers-dive-into-tackling-serious-violence-in-day-of-action-across-sefton-and-knowsley/
title: Officers dive into tackling serious violence in day of action across Sefton and Knowsley | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/officers-dive-into-tackling-serious-violence-in-day-of-action-across-sefton-and-knowsley/
```

18:20 04/03/2021

Officers from our #OpTarget team were today (4th March) joined by our Underwater Search Team to conduct patrols both in and out of the water!

"It is always good to have the support from specialist teams, including these highly trained divers to ensure that we can thoroughly search the area." Said Inspector Jonathan Coote.

The day of activity was based around Sefton and Knowsley, with the intention of disrupting criminality and reassuring our community.

Officers conducted three warrants, one at an address on Stanton Crescent, Kirkby where two air rifles and a small amount of cannabis was seized.

Another on Ridingfold, Halewood saw a 51 year old woman arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis, possession with intent to supply Class B drugs and abstracting electricity after officers recovered 28 cannabis plants and a further amount of drying cannabis with a street value in its thousands.

The final warrant was on Sidney Powell Ave, Kirkby where a 26 year old man was arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs. During a search at this address, around £2000 in cash was also seized.

An open land search was conducted in Melling on the Liverpool Leeds Canal leading into Kirkby where two burnt out bikes and bolt cutters were recovered.

Under water, our divers recovered a number of items including an encrypted device that will now be subject to a full investigation.

Officers were also based on Liverpool Road, Huyton conducting a road operation where advice and enforcement was given to road users. One car failed to stop but officers caught up with the driver, a 27 year old man who was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and fail to stop.

In addition to this, officers were deployed across Knowsley resulting in intelligence being gathered, stop search powers being utilised to seize drugs and further arrests being made in relation to a variety of offences.

Inspector Jonathan Coote concluded: "It has been a positive day I am pleased that various teams have come together in order to protect our communities.

"Without the assistance of our Underwater Search Team, the encrypted device would not have been located and this will now go towards helping with ongoing investigations to bring offenders to justice.

"These deployments are crucial in finding criminals and getting further information to keep you safe and we will continue to conduct them on a regular basis.

"We develop these operations based on our own investigations but they are hugely benefitted and shaped around the information we receive from the public. Therefore, please keep on reporting crime to us, stay vigilant and help us to look after yourselves and your loved ones."

To report information, please contact us on 101, social media @MerPolCC, via our website or anonymously @CrimestoppersUK 0800 555 111.
