```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: In these days of uncertainty you can rest assured that our officers are working hard to protect you
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: In these days of uncertainty you can rest assured that our officers are working hard to keep you safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/in-these-days-of-uncertainty-you-can-rest-assured-that-our-officers-are-working-hard-to-keep-you-safe/
title: In these days of uncertainty you can rest assured that our officers are working hard to keep you safe | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/in-these-days-of-uncertainty-you-can-rest-assured-that-our-officers-are-working-hard-to-keep-you-safe/
```

14:54 22/03/2020

We know that people are feeling vulnerable during these uncertain and unprecedented times and we want to take this opportunity to reassure you that Merseyside Police is still providing business as usual and our officers are working hard to protect our communities 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Assistant Chief Constable Rob Carden, said: "During these unprecedented times there is no doubt that members of the public will be feeling vulnerable and will be worrying about the health and wellbeing of their loved ones and the future weeks and months. I want to take this opportunity to reassure them that our officers and staff will be here 24 hours a day to keep them safe and arrest those intent on becoming involved in criminality.

"We're not going anywhere and will endeavour to do everything we can to provide and effective and efficient service to our communities at a time when they need us most."

In the last 24 hours, alongside their daily duties, officers across Merseyside were visiting local supermarkets and businesses to check that everything was okay and they also visited local licensed premises to ensure that they were adhering to the Government's directive to close their premises to prevent further spread of Covid-19 (Coronavirus).

In Birkenhead owners and workers in local businesses that remain open to provide a vital service to their community were concerned that local policing officers would be unable to carry on providing a service in the area. When our officers popped in to check they were okay they were able to allay their fears and were given an amazing response.

Elsewhere it was business as usual with officers responding to calls, supporting victims, arresting offenders and carrying out proactive stop searches across the county.

In Toxteth officers from the Matrix targeted team carried out a search of some park land near to Fearnside Street and recovered a knife hidden in bushes. Officers were acting on information following the stabbing of two teenagers on Upper Parliament Street on the evening of Friday, 20 March.and we would continue to ask people who may have information to contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, we will act on all information.

In Netherley officers arrested a 23-year-old man on suspicion of possession of a Section 1 firearm with intent to cause fear following a firearms discharge on Lingford Close on 21 March. The male was also arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug (cannabis) and has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives.

Whilst on Bishop Road, Anfield, a police patrol stopped a taxi and carried out a search of the passenger, who was found to be in possession of a knife. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and taken to a police station where he will be questioned by officers.

Officers in Sefton executed a warrant at an address in Netherton and arrested a 28-year-old man on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a controlled drug following the discovery of a substantial amounts of wraps of white powder. Officers also recovered cash and phones from the address. The arrested man has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives.

And in Southport a 47-year-old man was arrested after officers were called to reports of a violent male armed with a fire extinguisher and metal. When they arrived at the property on Scarisbrick Street they found the windows of two cars had been smashed. They located the male in a flat at the address and as they went to arrest him he assaulted the officers. The male was subsequently arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated offence, possession of an offensive weapon, three counts of assault of an emergency services worker, possession of a Class B drug, two counts of criminal damage to a motor vehicle and criminal damage to a police vehicle and custody cell.

We are committed to protecting our communities. To help us keep you safe we all need to work together and we need you to work with us. To help our call handlers prioritise incidents properly we would like to urge members of the public who want to report a non-urgent crime to use our online reporting services on our website https://www.merseyside.police.uk/ro/report/ocr/af/how-to-report-a-crime/ , or direct message us @MerPolCC
