```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We can confirm a number of reports were received of fireworks being set off by youths in Formby on Saturday (12 October).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after fireworks incident in Formby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-fireworks-incident-in-formby/
title: Appeal after fireworks incident in Formby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-fireworks-incident-in-formby/
```

14:48 14/10/2019

We can confirm a number of reports were received of fireworks being set off by youths in Formby on Saturday (12 October).

The reports were received at around 5pm of a group of males aged around 14-15 setting off fireworks in the area of Duke Street Park.

It was reported some of the fireworks were set off in the direction of houses and passing cars.

Upon police attendance the youths dispersed and enquiries are ongoing to locate those responsible.

Community Sergeant Maggie Howard said: "To set off fireworks in this manner is incredibly dangerous and irresponsible, and risks the safety of people of all ages who live locally.

"It also causes a nuisance to the local community, and means people feel they cannot enjoy the facilities at what is a much loved park, and parents might not feel able to take young children to the play area.

"As we approach Bonfire Night, I want people to be in no doubt - it is against the law to carry or use adult fireworks if you are under 18, and illegal for people of any age to let off or throw a firework in a public place.

"We are carrying out a number of enquiries into this incident and I would urge people to please report any information on anti-social behaviour in the area so we can act on it.

"I would also like to appeal to parents and guardians - if you believe your child might be engaging in this type of behaviour, please speak to them before they get into trouble, or worse still, end up seriously hurting someone else or themselves.

"We are visiting schools in the area this week to further educate young people on the dangers of fireworks and legislation, and have worked with Merseyside Fire and Rescue Services to ensure a letter goes out to parents of all pupils in Formby to make it clear we will not tolerate the misuse of fireworks."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 744 of 12 October or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
