```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Man arrested in Rainhill on suspicion of domestic abuse
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested in Rainhill on suspicion of domestic abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-in-rainhill-on-suspicion-of-domestic-abuse/
title: Man arrested in Rainhill on suspicion of domestic abuse | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-arrested-in-rainhill-on-suspicion-of-domestic-abuse/
```

14:25 05/04/2020

We have arrested a man following a domestic incident in Rainhill last night (Saturday, 4 April).

Just before 11pm officers attended at house on Holt Lane, Rainhill, following reports of a physical argument involving the two occupants at the address.

When they arrived at the home they found a 44-year-old woman, who had been stabbed to the face twice, causing two puncture wounds above her left eyebrow. She was taken to hospital where she was treated for her injuries and she has since been released.

A 47-year-old man from the address was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 wounding and has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives. Two children who witnessed their incident are now being looked after by family members.

Detective Chief Inspector Steve Reardon, said: "Earlier this week we reminded people about the silent call 999 system for vulnerable people living in our communities, including those who suffer from domestic abuse.

"We completely understand that victims of domestic abuse could be feeling more vulnerable during the current situation we all find ourselves in, but my message to them is please don't suffer in silence. If you need our help call us and if you can't make a call as you would ordinarily do please use the Silent Call option available to you.

"Silent Call is a part of the 999 system, which allows for people who are not free to speak, but are able to make a noise to press 55, which alerts the BT operator to the fact that you need help, and they can then connect the call to the police.

"The system enables all 999 callers, to access support in the manner described, it is important that a noise is made when 55 has been pressed. For example if you can only make noise, such as tapping the handset, coughing, crying or even talking to the offender, then these actions will alert the attention of the BT operator.

"We have specially trained officers on hand to offer help and support and to investigate allegations of abuse thoroughly and professionally.

"We would always advise that if someone is in immediate danger they should dial 999 and speak to an operator but we also accept that in times such as this when households are self-isolating that openly speaking is not always an option."

 If you are a victim, or believe someone you know is a victim, you can direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or contact @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Further support can also be found at these national agencies:**

**Women 's Aid | womensaid.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours) https://www.womensaid.org.uk/information-support/ **
**Refuge (includes information for men) | refuge.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours)**
 **National Domestic Violence helpline on 0808 200 0247(24 hours)**
