```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Merseyside Police have welcomed the sentencing of a 30 year old man from Southport following a drugs warrant.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer sentenced to 6 years after being found with 211 wraps of cocaine
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-6-years-after-being-found-with-211-wraps-of-cocaine/
title: Drug dealer sentenced to 6 years after being found with 211 wraps of cocaine | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-6-years-after-being-found-with-211-wraps-of-cocaine/
```

10:18 16/03/2020

Merseyside Police have welcomed the sentencing of a 30 year old man from Southport following a drugs warrant.

Jamie Morgan was arrested earlier this year following a warrant at his address on Sefton Street, Southport. When arrested, he was here found in possession of an axe hidden up his sleeve, along with 211 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin, a phone, over £2000 separated into different envelopes, a hammer and a balaclava. His car, a white VW Tiguan, was also seized.

Morgan was taken to court where he pleaded guilty to possession of an offensive weapon and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and was sentenced to six years behind bars.

Inspector Dave Uren said: "By taking Morgan off our streets, that means one less drug dealer taking advantage of the community and exploiting vulnerable people. Drugs never lead to positive outcomes for both the dealer and the user and I, along with our health service partners, will support those wanting to escape an addiction, unlike people like Morgan who are only concerned about their own financial gain.

"It has never been more important than now to support one-another and that means helping us clamp down on those involved in serious violence. Carrying a weapon and causing harm to someone else will not be tolerated by us and you shouldn't put up with it either.

"Anyone that knows someone involved in the drugs supply chain, carrying weapons or operating illegally, should get in touch with police - contact us via 101, social media @MerPolCC or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously." #OpTarget
