```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify two teenagers that reportedly stole an iPhone 11 from a 14 year old boy."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Help us reunite 14 year old with stolen phone
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/help-us-reunite-14-year-old-with-stolen-phone/
title: Help us reunite 14 year old with stolen phone | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/august/help-us-reunite-14-year-old-with-stolen-phone/
```

17:57 03/08/2020

Officers are appealing for the public's help to identify two teenagers that reportedly stole an iPhone 11 from a 14 year old boy.

At around midday on Sunday, 2nd August the victim and his two friends were in Southport Town Centre. Over the course of the afternoon, they noticed two males and two females following them.

Then, at around 3pm, the victim and his friends walked through Wayfarers Arcade onto West Street. As they approached the car park, the two males they had seen previously, came up behind them and demanded to see their phones.

One of the males reportedly showed the victim a knife tucked in his waistband and verbally threatened him. The two males then took the victims iPhone 11 and made off towards Coronation Walk.

Luckily the victim and his friends were not physically hurt, but have been left feeling frightened and out of pocket.

The males and females are described as follows:

Male 1: white, 16-18 years old, around 5ft11, of a lean build wearing a black baseball cap, blue surgical mask, a black hoody, black joggers and black trainers.

Male 2: white, 16-18 years old, around 6ft and skinny. He had brown hair which is described as looking messy and overgrown. He was also wearing a black hoody and black shell suit material joggers.

Female 1: white, 16-18 years old, around 5ft5 and skinny. She had straight long ginger hair, lots of freckles and a pale complexion. She was wearing pink loose t-shirt with grey leggings and white trainers.

Female 2: white, 16-18 years old, around 5ft9 with a fuller build. She had black straight shoulder length hair and a square shaped face. She was wearing a black top with a black hoody, black leggings and black trainers.

Anyone that remembers seeing someone that matches the description of those above and could put a name to them, is asked to get in contact.
