```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after two 15-year-old males sustained stab wounds in Toxteth this evening (Friday 20 March).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after two 15-year-olds stabbed in Toxteth
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-after-two-15-year-olds-stabbed-in-toxteth/
title: Appeal after two 15-year-olds stabbed in Toxteth | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-after-two-15-year-olds-stabbed-in-toxteth/
```

22:38 20/03/2020

We are appealing for witnesses after two 15-year-old males sustained stab wounds in Toxteth this evening (Friday 20 March).

It was reported that just before 8.45pm, the 15-year-old victim was stabbed multiple times in the buttocks on Upper Parliament Street, near its junction with Lodge Lane.

He was taken by ambulance to hospital where his condition is described as serious but stable.

Officers were made aware a short time later that a second 15-year-old boy had attended hospital with a stab wound to the back, after reportedly being assaulted in the Lodge Lane area.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of both assaults and officers are keeping an open mind as to whether they are linked.

Detective Inspector Simon Hurst said: "Our enquiries are in the very early stages and we are working to establish the full circumstances of these assaults, possible motives, whether they are in any way linked and, crucially, who is responsible.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who was near the Upper Parliament Street end of Lodge Lane between 8.30-9pm on Friday who may have seen or heard anything suspicious.

"If you have dashcam and were driving in the area at the time, please consider whether you may have captured anything significant, take a look and let us know."

Det Insp Hurst added: "No-one, let alone two 15-year-old males, should fall victim to knife crime and your information or evidence could prove vital as we try to locate anyone involved so that we can bring them to justice.

"We regularly visit schools and colleges to educate young people on the danger carrying knives can pose to themselves and others, and with Operation Target, we have devoted significant resources and targeted operations across Merseyside aimed at ridding our streets of knife crime.

"It is simply not worth the risk of carrying a knife, because we are out on patrols, conducting stop searches, executing warrants and arresting suspects, or searching land and homes where we believe knives have been stored every single day.

"We will never stand by and allow people to carry knives and threaten the safety of themselves and others."

Anyone with information or dashcam or CCTV footage is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 20000173998, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
