```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for information following reports a 26 year-old man was assaulted in Netherton in the early hours of Wednesday, 3rd February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after man, 26, assaulted in Netherton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-after-man-26-assaulted-in-netherton/
title: Appeal for information after man, 26, assaulted in Netherton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-after-man-26-assaulted-in-netherton/
```

17:34 16/02/2021

We are continuing to appeal for information following reports a 26 year-old man was assaulted in Netherton in the early hours of Wednesday, 3rd February.

At around 12.45am the man had been walking along Park Lane when an unknown male approached him and assaulted him. The man fell to the floor and the male continued assaulting him while shouting, causing injuries and swelling to his face.

The male is described as middle eastern in appearance, aged between 35-40 years of age, with dark shoulder length hair and a long dark beard. He was wearing a dark coloured jacket with a yellow trim on the hood and dark coloured pants.

An investigation is ongoing and anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Detective Inspector Matt Kerr said: "This was an unprovoked attack on a man simply walking home and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Dunningsbridge Lane/Park Lane in the early hours who heard or saw anything suspicious to contact us.

"It is believed that a car stopped during the incident and shouted at the offender, who then stopped assaulting the victim, before the car drove off. We are keen to identify the person in the car and would encourage you to come forward with any information if this was you.

"I would also ask anyone who recognises the description of the man to get in touch as they may be able to assist our investigation. This was a nasty assault on a man minding his own business and we need to find the person responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 21000071929.
