```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating the murder of Kyle Whitley in Litherland in April this year are issuing a further appeal for information following an arrest this week. Today (Friday 11 December), we&#39;re also issuing a short interview clip in which Lisa Whitley, Kyle\u2019s mother, speaks about her son."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Mother of Kyle Whitley speaks about her son&#39;s murder as detectives continue to appeal
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/mother-of-kyle-whitley-speaks-about-her-sons-murder-as-detectives-continue-to-appeal/
title: Mother of Kyle Whitley speaks about her son&#39;s murder as detectives continue to appeal | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/mother-of-kyle-whitley-speaks-about-her-sons-murder-as-detectives-continue-to-appeal/
```

12:06 11/12/2020

Detectives investigating the murder of Kyle Whitley in Litherland in April this year are issuing a further appeal for information, in which Lisa Whitley, Kyle's mother, speaks about her son.

18-year-old Kyle was fatally stabbed in Vincent Road, Litherland on the afternoon of Monday 13 April this year. He was taken to hospital by ambulance but sadly died.

In the interview, Lisa describes her son Kyle as: "Loving, caring, sharing, everything I brought him up to be. Heart of gold, father of two, good son, good brother. Amazing with kids, amazing with animals. Since Kyle, I don't feel anything, just empty. My daughter is going through the same thing.

Lisa continued: "I'd just like to thank everyone that has come forward, and I plead with anybody that knows anything about my son's murder, as it is coming up to Christmas. You will see your sons at Christmas… I won't get to see me son ever again… my world is empty."

Detective Chief Inspector Siobhan Gainer said: "As Lisa's words show, the impact on Kyle's family and friends has been profound, and many lives have been devastated by what happened in April. This incident also affected the local community. Knife crime will not be tolerated by Merseyside Police. However, we believe that real progress is being made in the investigation, which we are determined to build upon as we approach Christmas, an even more difficult time to cope with having lost a loved one.

"There have been some significant developments lately; area seaches; the seizure of knives and some substantial ongoing forensic work. I'd like to echo Lisa's words in appealing for any information to maintain this positive momentum. If you know anything about the murder of Kyle and have yet to come forward, please do so and help his family see justice served.

"If you were in the area of Vincent Road on the day of 13 April, or captured anything on CCTV or dashcam, or hold any information at all, get in touch. This can be directly to our team, or anonymously via Crimestoppers, a charity which is completely independent of the police. However you get the information to us, we will deal with it sensitively."

Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or contact @Crimestoppers anonymously quoting reference 20000215637.
