```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in Kirkby following a recent shooting and tensions in the area.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 order in Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-in-kirkby/
title: Section 60 order in Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/section-60-order-in-kirkby/
```

12:45 12/03/2020

Officers have authorised a Section 60 stop search order in Kirkby following a recent shooting and tensions in the area.

The order - which gives officers enhanced powers to stop and search suspects - is in place for the second successive night, and is running between 10.15am today (Thursday 12 March) and 2am tomorrow (Friday 13 March).

Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 allows a police officer to stop and search people without suspicion.

The map for the latest Section 60 order is attached and the boundaries are the M57, East Lancashire Road, Moorgate Road, Lees Road across to Dale Lane, Pingwood Lane, to Hall Lane and across to junction Bank Lane (A506) and Prescot Road (B5192), Prescot Road, Glovers Brow and across to Kirkby train station line to M57.

Community Inspector Peter Rexwinkel said: "We have introduced this order following a number of incidents of criminal damage on Thursday. There was also a shooting on Chesterfield Drive on Friday, and in the past week we have received intelligence from the community about tensions in the area.

"Section 60 orders have proved successful not only in arresting and identifying suspects, but also in sending a message to offenders that we will not sit back and allow criminals to put local people in fear of what might happen next. So we have taken to the streets in larger numbers to provide a visible presence, and will deploy resources and undertake whatever action it takes to prevent further incidents and disrupt anyone intent on causing harm in Kirkby.

"These orders are aimed at disrupting those intent on criminal activity - not normal people going about their daily business, and I am grateful for the patience, understanding and support shown by the Kirkby community as we take this action.

"I would also like to reassure communities in other parts of Merseyside that our presence in and around Kirkby is not at the expense of those areas. We continue to patrol and be visible in all areas that require our attention and action.

"I would urge anyone with information on the incident to come forward and speak to us, either directly or via @MerPolCC, 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. We will act on all information to remove those who cause harm from your streets."
