```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A 22 year-old man has been sentenced to five-and-a-half months in prison after spitting at a woman and child.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man, 22, jailed for spitting at woman and baby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-22-jailed-for-spitting-at-woman-and-baby/
title: Man, 22, jailed for spitting at woman and baby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/april/man-22-jailed-for-spitting-at-woman-and-baby/
```

15:30 09/04/2020

A 22 year-old man has been sentenced to five-and-a-half months in prison after spitting at a woman and child.

Ryan Wall, of Lakenheath Road, Halewood, also assaulted the woman while she was holding the baby, during a domestic incident in Tuebrook on Tuesday 7th April in which it was reported he claimed to have Coronavirus.

Wall stated that he had been self-isolating due to having a cough and a temperature.

He was assessed whilst in custody and not found to be showing any symptoms of Covid 19 .

Wall appeared in court today, Thursday 9th April, and pleaded guilty to two counts of s39 assault. He received a 22 week prison sentence.

He was also ordered to pay £122 to his victim and a restraining order was granted.

Detective Inspector Paul Speight said: "This was a particularly nasty assault and I am pleased to see Wall behind bars.

"We are continuing to remind people about the silent call 999 system for vulnerable people living in our communities, including those who suffer from domestic abuse.

"We completely understand that victims of domestic abuse could be feeling more vulnerable during the current situation we all find ourselves in, but my message to them is please don't suffer in silence. If you need our help call us and if you can't make a call as you would ordinarily do please use the Silent Call option available to you.

"Silent Call is a part of the 999 system, which allows for people who are not free to speak, but are able to make a noise to press 55, which alerts the BT operator to the fact that you need help, and they can then connect the call to the police.

"The system enables all 999 callers, to access support in the manner described, it is important that a noise is made when 55 has been pressed. For example if you can only make noise, such as tapping the handset, coughing, crying or even talking to the offender, then these actions will alert the attention of the BT operator.

"We have specially trained officers on hand to offer help and support and to investigate allegations of abuse thoroughly and professionally.

"We would always advise that if someone is in immediate danger they should dial 999 and speak to an operator but we also accept that in times such as this when households are self-isolating that openly speaking is not always an option."

If you are a victim, or believe someone you know is a victim, you can direct message @MerPolCC on Twitter, 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook or contact @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Further support can also be found at these national agencies:

Women's Aid | womensaid.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours)
Refuge (includes information for men) | refuge.org.uk | 0808 200 0247 (24 hours)
National Domestic Violence helpline on 0808 200 0247(24 hours)
