```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "A large number of officers and police staff descended on the Kirkby and Huyton areas of Knowsley yesterday (14th October) as part of a pre-planned operation aiming to disrupt and arrest criminals.\n\nThis operation is part of a force wide initiative \u2018Operation Target\u2019, tackling serious and organised crime, including gun and knife crime, serious assaults, armed robberies, murder investigations, violence in night time economy, county lines and drug use."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Targeted operation in Knowsley sees multiple arrests, cash seizures &amp; weapon recoveries
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/targeted-operation-in-knowsley-sees-multiple-arrests-cash-seizures--weapon-recoveries/
title: Targeted operation in Knowsley sees multiple arrests, cash seizures &amp; weapon recoveries | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/targeted-operation-in-knowsley-sees-multiple-arrests-cash-seizures--weapon-recoveries/
```

18:09 15/10/2019

A large number of officers and police staff descended on the Kirkby and Huyton areas of Knowsley yesterday (14th October) as part of a pre-planned operation aiming to disrupt and arrest criminals.

This operation is part of a force wide initiative 'Operation Target', tackling serious and organised crime, including gun and knife crime, serious assaults, armed robberies, murder investigations, violence in night time economy, county lines and drug use.

Yesterday's operation, 'Operation Vermont' consisted of a range of activity including road side checks, uniformed and unmarked patrols in the area, address warrants, open land searches and a taxi licensing operation.

T/Inspector Jon Coote from the Knowsley Targeted Policing team said: "It was a very successful night for all those involved and I am pleased to inform those living in Knowsley that because of this operation, we managed to arrest seven people on suspicion of crimes including stalking, criminal damage, possession of a firearm, immigration, drugs offences, driving offences and theft of a motor vehicle.

"In addition to these arrests, we also recovered a large quantity of cash, a number of weapons, two suspected stolen bikes and a substance, believed to be a controlled drug.

"We are really pleased with how the operation went and want to thank those who have already spoken to us and shared information about criminality in their area and encourage others to do the same.

"It will come as no surprise, that alongside our investigations, a lot of this success is down to information received from those living and working in the area and I hope this activity shows that by speaking to us, anonymously or not and sharing your concerns helps us massively to put offenders being bars.

"I would continue to urge anyone else that hasn't already done so to reach out to us. Passing on information about where weapons are being stored, who is carrying them and who is dealing drugs or committing serious crime in your community is essential and allows us to keep you as safe as we possibly can.

"You can either speak to us face to face, contact us on social media @MerPolCC, call 101 or report via @CrimestoppersUK and we will investigate your report thoroughly and efficiently.

"In addition to this, we want to get your feedback on operations like this and what you really think about this policing method and suggestions for what you'd like to see going forward, so please take a few minutes and fill in the following survey to have your say: https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/OpVermont-Knowsley"
