```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers continue to carry out extensive policing operation over Halloween.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police operation continues over Halloween
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/police-operation-continues-over-halloween/
title: Police operation continues over Halloween | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/police-operation-continues-over-halloween/
```

22:21 31/10/2019

Following on from an array of criminal damage and anti-social behaviour offences reported last night, we can confirm that officers are now investigating a further number of incidents from Thursday 31st October.

Despite this, calls to the force about anti-social and criminal behaviour this evening have decreased by 18.35% compared to last year.

14 people have been arrested for various offences including criminal damage, possession of drugs and public order offences and officers will continue working with partners as well as viewing CCTV footage to identify further individuals and bring them to justice.

T/Superintendent Paddy Kelly said: "The evening began with officers being called to youths setting off fireworks in woodlands in Birkenhead.

"Following this, 15-20 youths were also reported to have been throwing bricks at a van on Eaton Road, West Derby.

"We also had multiple reports of cars and buses being targeted by people throwing eggs and bricks at them on Scotland Road.

"Then we received reports of a group of kids acting suspiciously and intimidating passers-by on Parkview Road, Croxteth.

"In addition to this, a far more serious offence was reported at around 7:50pm that a man had been shot whilst driving on Sceptre Road, Croxteth. A short time later, the car collided with a 12 year old girl who was out trick or treating.

"This is an extremely worrying incident, where the offender/s have shown no thought for the general public and has resulted in an innocent young girl, who was out enjoying herself, experiencing this traumatic ordeal.

"These incidents follow last night's activity where in Garston, a group of youths caused substantial damage on a building site where assisted living accommodation is being built for disabled members of the community.

"To make matters worse when firefighters and police attended at the scene, the youths started to throw bricks at the emergency responders.

"We also received complaints regarding car windows being smashed in Southdene, Kirkby; the McDonald's in Walton being subjected to anti-social behaviour with youths throwing flour at workers in the drive-in; a group of youths involved in anti-social behaviour in New Ferry; and bus windows being smashed and bricks thrown at two police vans in the Longmoor Lane area of Fazakerley.

"It is shocking that anyone would find it acceptable to put our officers, staff and partners at risk and potentially deny a member of the public the emergency service they require.

"Getting involved in criminality over the Halloween period is not big and it's not clever - your actions of stupidity could have serious or fatal consequences.

"A massive amount of effort and planning has gone into this operation, with other emergency services and local authorities, and I would like to reinforce our message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated under any circumstances.

"I would also like to reassure the public that we will continue to have increased high-visibility patrols over the coming days. We will also continue working closely with partner agencies including Merseyside Fire and Rescue, North West Ambulance Service and Merseytravel and take swift action against the small minority who are intent on causing trouble in the community.

"Let's work together in the coming days so we can continue to keep those living, working and visiting Merseyside safe."

Anyone who would like to report incidents of anti-social behaviour or criminal damage can contact police via @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK.
