```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are this weekend continuing to remind people to keep themselves and others safe by not hosting parties or mixing indoors with people not in their households.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reminder to stay safe and not mix indoors with other households this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/people-reminded-to-stay-safe-and-not-mix-with-indoors-with-other-households-this-weekend/
title: Reminder to stay safe and not mix indoors with other households this weekend | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/december/people-reminded-to-stay-safe-and-not-mix-with-indoors-with-other-households-this-weekend/
```

12:21 11/12/2020

We are this weekend continuing to remind people to keep themselves and others safe by not hosting parties or mixing indoors with people not in their households.

The Liverpool city region is currently under Tier 2 restrictions which means although many shops, restaurants and licensed premises serving substantial meals are now open, people are not permitted to gather indoors with people who are not in their household or support bubble.

Last weekend we were called to reports of a number of house parties being held across Merseyside.

At just before 10pm on Saturday (5th December) we were called to a large gathering at serviced accommodation apartments on Eccleston Street in St Helens. A number of people were stop-checked and the organiser of the party was given a £10,000 fine.

At 10.20pm the same night we were called to Kingsland Crescent in Norris Green to reports of loud music and a large gathering of people. Six people were issued with fixed penalty notices.

Patrols will continue to be out and about across Merseyside this weekend and in run up to Christmas to remind people of the restrictions and where people choose to flout the rules then enforcement action will be taken.

Chief Inspector Paul Sutcliffe said: "Those who host parties in which people from multiple households mix under one roof are very clearly breaching the legislation, risking the health of their loved ones and risk prolonging the very challenging time we are all facing.

"At this time of year we know friends, families and work colleagues would normally be meeting up for festive drinks, meals and parties, but this year has been far from normal.

"The threat of Coronavirus has not gone away and we cannot let our guard down or undo all the hard work that has been done so far. The last thing we need is for Liverpool city region to go back into Tier 3 when the government review the restrictions next week.

"We know that the overwhelming majority of people across Merseyside have demonstrated great responsibility and met the challenge posed by coronavirus with a huge amount of patience and understanding.

"But others have shown a selfish disregard for other people's safety and continued to ignore the rules.

"Our officers have encouraged people to comply with guidance and explained why it is so important. But when someone brazenly flouts legislation to only meet indoors with their own household or bubble, it leaves us with no option but to take strong enforcement action.

"Where necessary we will not hesitate to continue to use this enforcement action because the safety of vulnerable people in Merseyside and our key healthcare workers depends on it."

You can report any matters concerning COVID-19 and the current legislation to us on Twitter at @MerPolCC or through Merseyside Police's website https://www.merseyside.police.uk/.
