```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Across the force this weekend, our #OpTarget teams have been busy carrying out stop searches, making arrests, seizing illegal substances and encouraging people to follow government guidance as we enter another week of lockdown.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police make arrests over weekend as lockdown continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/police-make-arrests-over-weekend-as-lockdown-continues/
title: Police make arrests over weekend as lockdown continues | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/may/police-make-arrests-over-weekend-as-lockdown-continues/
```

15:12 18/05/2020

Across the force this weekend, our #OpTarget teams have been busy carrying out stop searches, making arrests, seizing illegal substances and encouraging people to follow government guidance as we enter another week of lockdown.

In Liverpool, officers started the weekend by arresting three people on suspicion of money laundering and possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs. A drugs warrant was carried out on Kemsley Road where over £2,000, a quantity of white powder, cannabis resin, drugs paraphernalia, an e-bike and an off road motorbike were seized alongside two knives and part of a crossbow. Two men and a woman were consequently arrested and taken to custody for questioning.

Another warrant was then executed at an address on St Andrew Road where a cannabis farm made up of six growing rooms was located. The Cannabis Dismantling Team cleared the plants and further enquiries are being made to locate the owner.

In Sefton, a third warrant was carried out at a property on Greenside Avenue, Aintree. Inside, officers located Class A and B drugs and a large amount of money. A 50 year old woman and a 29 year old man were both arrested for drugs offences and possession of criminal property.

Officers on patrol across the water on Bell Road, Wirral became suspicious of a property with a strong smell of cannabis. The occupant, a 29 year old man admitted to being in possession of cannabis. He was arrested and a further search was carried out where another a large cannabis farm was located. A second man at the property was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and cannabis production.

Following this, in the early hours of Saturday morning, officers in Knowsley came across a dog with no collar wandering along Bewley Drive. Unable to identify an owner, officers took it to the nearest vets where the dog was scanned and fortunately the owners address was located. The dog was taken safely back to its home and reunited.

Officers were then called to Baker Street in Huyton after receiving reports of four people seen acting suspiciously in a parked car. Upon police arrival, two of the men made off from police, but the driver was arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession of Class A and B drugs after a quantity of cannabis and suspected cocaine was found inside the car. He was then asked to provide a roadside breath test and drugs wipe, which he failed. He was further arrested for drug driving.

Back in Sefton, officers were called to support staff at Starbucks after the queue was so long it reached onto the Formby Bypass and was causing danger to other road users. Thankfully, together staff and officers were able to manage the queue of motorists and a kind member of the public showed their thanks by anonymously leaving sweets and thank you note on the police car windscreen!

Elsewhere, Community Support Officers finished off the day by delivering food parcels to those who are unable to get out and about during the ongoing pandemic.

On Sunday, officers were involved in a pursuit of a Seat Leon on Bebington Road, Wirral. As they were heading towards Dacre Hill, the driver of the Seat lost control of the car and smashed through the central reservation and lamppost, causing extensive damage. The driver, a 43 year old man, was detained at the scene where he was found to be under the influence of alcohol as well as in possession of a significant amount of brown and white Class A drugs and cash. He was arrested for numerous offences including fail to stop, dangerous driving, drink driving and drugs offences.

Officers in St Helens attended an address on Hawthorne Avenue after reports of a domestic incident. A search of the property led officers to find a large amount of cannabis, some of which was vacuum packed and a bike, later found to be stolen. Two men, aged 21 and 50 were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motorcycle and drugs offences and were both taken to custody for further questioning.

PD Xanto finished up the weekend on patrol in Birkenhead Park, unfortunately he didn't sniff out any criminals!
