```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We arrested three men after a report of a serious assault in Tarbock Green on Sunday morning (26 July 2020).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after assault in Tarbock Green
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/three-arrested-after-assault-in-tarbock-green/
title: Three arrested after assault in Tarbock Green | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/three-arrested-after-assault-in-tarbock-green/
```

19:11 26/07/2020

We arrested three men after a report of a serious assault in Tarbock Green on Sunday morning (26 July 2020).

We were called to private land off Netherley Road at 7.20am where it was reported a man had been threatened with a knife by three men.

Another man then approached the three men and it was reported he too was threatened before being chased to the junction of Netherley Road and Ox Lane.

A blue Citroen Picasso car was then driven at the victim on Ox Lane, striking him, before the same three offenders left the vehicle holding a sickle, a spade and a hammer. One threw the hammer towards him and the offenders then assaulted him with the sickle and spade while making further verbal threats.

Officers attended and prevented the assault from continuing, detaining three men and recovering a sickle, hammer and spade for forensic examination.

A 19-year-old man from Speke was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a Class B drug (cannabis)

A 32-year-old man from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and assault of an emergency worker

A 52-year-old man from Tuebrook were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and all three have been taken into custody to be questioned.

The victim, a 50-year-old man, sustained a gash to the head, a broken arm and puncture wounds to his arm. He was taken to hospital where his condition is described as stable.

Enquiries into the incident are ongoing and anyone with information on the incident is asked to DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC. Alternatively, message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' or call 101 quoting incident reference 20000441094. You can also call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
