```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a male was stabbed in West Derby on Tuesday (22 October 2019).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after assault of 16-year-old in West Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-assault-of-16-year-old-in-west-derby/
title: Appeal after assault of 16-year-old in West Derby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/appeal-after-assault-of-16-year-old-in-west-derby/
```

10:03 23/10/2019

We are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a male was stabbed in West Derby on Tuesday (22 October 2019).

Police were informed at 12.40am on Wednesday that a man had presented at hospital with stab wounds after he was assaulted by a group of around four males on a grassy area on Three Butt Lane at around 10pm on Tuesday.

It was reported the 16-year-old male had been struck to the head and stabbed to the arm and legs. He sustained a laceration to the head and small puncture wounds to his arm and legs.

The victim remains in hospital where his condition is described as stable.

The offenders reportedly made off on bicycles and officers are making efforts to locate them.

House-to-house inquiries are being carried out in the area and forensic examinations are being carried out by Crime Scene Investigators.

Detective Inspector Paul Nilsen said: "Our investigation into this incident is in its very early stages and we are working to establish the full circumstances, a possible motive and, crucially, who is responsible.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area of Three Butt Lane and Culme Road at about 10pm on Tuesday who may have seen or heard anything suspicious. In particular, did you see a group of males on bicycles who may have been leaving the scene in a hurry?

"If you have dashcam and were driving in the area at the time, please consider whether you may have captured anything significant and let us know.

"Your information or evidence could prove vital as we try to locate the offender so that we can bring them to justice."

Det Insp Nilsen added: "We have devoted significant resources and targeted operations across Merseyside aimed at ridding our streets of knife crime

"We will never stand by and allow people to carry knives and bring the risk of serious harm not just to other people, but also to themselves. Statistically you are more likely to fall victim to knife crime if you carry a knife, and you risk spending a long time in prison when you are caught.

"We regularly have officers patrolling key areas and conducting stop checks, warrants and land searches so it is simply not worth the risk.

"If you have any information on the possession, or storage of knives or any weapons, please come forward directly or anonymously and we will remove those weapons and people who choose to use them from the streets."

Anyone with information or dashcam or CCTV footage is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 19100614713, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
