```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We appeared on BBC Crimewatch Roadshow this morning, Thursday 12th March, as part of our continued appeal for information into the murder of James Taylor in February last year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Continued appeal for information following murder of James Taylor
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/continued-appeal-for-information-following-murder-of-james-taylor/
title: Continued appeal for information following murder of James Taylor | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/continued-appeal-for-information-following-murder-of-james-taylor/
```

12:51 12/03/2020

We appeared on BBC Crimewatch Roadshow this morning, Thursday 12th March, as part of our continued appeal for information into the murder of James Taylor in February last year.

The dad-of-six was killed as he went to collect his daughter outside Marybone Youth and Community Association.

He was parked opposite the club, on Addison Street, near Liverpool city centre, when he was fatally shot at around 8pm on Thursday 7th February in what is believed to be a targeted shooting.

Detective Inspector Steve McGrath appeared on the show to appeal for help in tracing a number of vehicles seen in the area at the time of Mr Taylor's death.

DI McGrath said: "We think the killers were in a black Ford Fiesta which was found burnt out 15 minutes later in nearby Summer Seat. We want to speak to anybody who saw that car around the time of the murder. We're also keen to find the driver of a White Ford Transit van (below) seen driving off from Freemasons Row shortly after the murder. We believe the suspects may have used this vehicle to make their escape. It has distinctive orange and yellow chevrons on the rear and is a 2006-2014 model.

"We also believe there was a blue taxi driving about in the area around that time so we would really like to talk to any taxi drivers who were working in the area that night. Also a grey coloured Audi A3 'Black Edition' and a green Land Rover were seen in the area earlier that day, so we are keen to trace the drivers of these vehicles too - as they could have vital information.

DI McGrath added: "We know that there were people around the Addison Street/Holy Cross area that night and we believe that there are people out there who do know what happened or might have key evidence and are reluctant to come forward out of fear.

"If you're fearful about repercussions, we understand, but there are ways to get information to us anonymously, and we will deal sensitively with anything you tell us.

"Merseyside Police is committed to getting guns off our streets and finding the people responsible for the killing of Mr Taylor and bringing them to justice."

You can contact us directly via @MerPolCC, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report online at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously with crime reference 19100038615.
