```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are welcoming the sentencing of a Whiston man to two years and one month in jail for his involvement in a serious road traffic collision in Prescot in February this year.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Philip Bradley sentenced to two years and one month in jail following serious RTC in Prescot
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/philip-bradley-sentenced-to-two-years-and-one-month-in-jail-following-serious-rtc-in-prescot/
title: Philip Bradley sentenced to two years and one month in jail following serious RTC in Prescot | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/philip-bradley-sentenced-to-two-years-and-one-month-in-jail-following-serious-rtc-in-prescot/
```

13:54 14/10/2020

We are welcoming the sentencing of a Whiston man to two years and one month in jail for his involvement in a serious road traffic collision in Prescot in February this year.

40-year-old Philip Bradley of Halsnead Avenue was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court today, Wednesday 14 October. Bradley will also be disqualified for driving for three and a half years from when he is released.

At around 8.20pm on Wednesday 5 February, officers were called to the junction of Grosvenor Road and the A58, St Helens Road, to reports of a BMW 320 being in collision with a female pedestrian in her 50s.

The pedestrian was taken to hospital with serious injuries, including a leg fracture, broken foot, and bruising to her legs and face. She stayed in hospital for more than two weeks due to the severity of her injuries. The car was also in collision with the gable end of a house at the location, causing damage.

Bradley, the driver of the BMW, was arrested at scene and later charged with causing serious injury by driving whilst disqualified; driving without due care and attention; driving without insurance; and possession of a knife in a public place. The latter charge related to a Stanley knife found on the day of the collision.

Speaking after the sentencing of Bradley, Constable Andy Roper from our Roads Policing Unit said: "This was a horrifying incident which could have had even more devastating consequences for the victim.

"The victim sustained serious injuries which requires a long stay in hospital, as well as the significant ongoing physical and psychological impact this incident has caused since. We continue to support her and hope that today's sentence aids the recovery process.

"Bradley knowingly got into the car whilst disqualified and holding no insurance, with little regard for the consequences of this decision. The manner of his driving made this an even more reckless journey, and it is pleasing to see him dealt with today.

"If you know of anyone who gets into a vehicle with no insurance, licence or whilst disqualified, I'd urge you to do the right thing and tell police, so we can prevent such incidents before they happen."

Always call 999 in an emergency, and you can pass any other information via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, or call the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also contact them via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.

We also work with Aftermath, a registered charity providing immediate and expert support for all those involved in road traffic collisions. More details can be found here: https://www.aftermathsupport.org.uk/
