```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "We\u2019re recognising \u2018International Control Room Week\u2019 by celebrating one of our very own Call Handlers international achievements.\n\nCatherine Pearson is a call hander for Merseyside Police \u2013 but what many don\u2019t realise, is her other passion \u2013 Taekwondo."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "61 Regional titles, 51 National titles, 4 European titles &amp; 4 World titles \u2013 Taekwondo superstar recognised this \u2018Control Room Week\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/61-regional-titles-51-national-titles-4-european-titles--4-world-titles--taekwondo-superstar-recognised-this-control-room-week/
title: "61 Regional titles, 51 National titles, 4 European titles &amp; 4 World titles \u2013 Taekwondo superstar recognised this \u2018Control Room Week\u2019 | Merseyside Police"
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/61-regional-titles-51-national-titles-4-european-titles--4-world-titles--taekwondo-superstar-recognised-this-control-room-week/
```

08:55 23/10/2019

We're recognising 'International Control Room Week' by celebrating one of our very own Call Handlers international achievements.

Catherine Pearson is a call hander for Merseyside Police - but what many don't realise, is her other passion - Taekwondo.

Contact Resolution Supervisor, Ben Pollard said: "Catherine has not only made her mark within the Force, but also on the World Sporting stage. Catherine is a current Taekwondo World Champion, and has held FOUR(!) world titles in her time competing, along with four European titles and over 50 Domestic titles in various disciplines."

Catherine, who is a current England Squad member, is a 4th Degree Black Belt and competes in a range of disciplines as well as team events. On her last grading in 2018, she was awarded 'best in grading'. She has also been awarded 'Andover Junior Sports Person of the year', Queen Mary's College Sports Woman of the Year, Manchester Met Uni Sport Woman of the Year and Wirral and Chester Taekwondo Best Black Belt amongst many other achievements.

Ben continued: "Catherine is very modest and does not broadcast her successful 'second career' so I thought I would do so on her behalf. Catherine is a hugely talented Sportswoman and we can all take inspiration from her remarkable achievements. Since learning of Catherine's Taekwondo ability all of her Annual Leave requests have automatically been approved!"

Catherine added: "I have been training in Tae Kwon Do for around 18 years, and I never imagined in that time I would of achieved any of this, been given the opportunities I have had, met the people I have or travelled and continue to visit places I would of never of gone without this sport.

"I would not have thought I would be able to have a job in emergency services while doing Tae Kwon Do to this extent. I am very grateful for the support of the command team, my line manager, the supervisors as well as my fellow call handlers as arranging leave can be a bit difficult sometimes.

"While from the outside the results look good, but it has been many years of hard work, intense exercise, cutting weight, missed events and physical and mental pressure and all this takes a toll. (Trying to cut weight while working in the JCC is difficult!) But it all has helped me take on the challenges that this control room throws at us daily.

"I appreciate the force recognising my life outside of the control room! I consider myself very lucky to work for this force and work with such brilliant people!"

Well done Catherine, you are a real asset to Merseyside Police and we wish you a successful career in both the Force and Taekwondo.
