```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers have arrested three people for drugs offences and money laundering after 50 blocks of Cannabis resin and around &#163;110k in cash were recovered following a vehicle stop check.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested whilst 50 blocks of cannabis seized and over &#163;100k in cash
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-arrested-whilst-50-blocks-of-cannabis-seized-and-over-100k-in-cash/
title: Three arrested whilst 50 blocks of cannabis seized and over &#163;100k in cash | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/november/three-arrested-whilst-50-blocks-of-cannabis-seized-and-over-100k-in-cash/
```

10:59 27/11/2020

Officers have arrested three people for drugs offences and money laundering after 50 blocks of Cannabis resin and around £110k in cash were recovered following a vehicle stop check.

"This is a large recovery and has undoubtedly halted the supply of cannabis in the area. We are continuing to work with teams across the force who remain at the scene to seize all illegal substances they come across, gather further evidence and support the wider community. We would also encourage anyone that knows others involved in the supply of drugs, to get in touch." Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said.

At around 3:30pm on Thursday (26th November), a patrol car stopped a vehicle on Brooms Cross Road heading towards Liverpool. Inside the car were two men aged 22 and 30, they were searched and found in possession with around £60,000 in cash. They were arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession of criminal property.

The car and cash were seized and #OpTarget officers made their way to an address on Grange Lane, Gateacre where they conducted a further search.

Here, they located a cannabis farm, around 50 blocks of Cannabis resin, some white powder and a further £50,000 in cash. A 25 year old woman at the property was arrested for possession with intent to supply drugs and money laundering.

All three currently remain in custody whilst investigations continue.

DCI Rooney continued: "The drugs business can be seen as extremely lucrative and therefore young people can become blindsided by the prospect of earning a lot of money. However, being involved in drugs, whether that's taking them, dealing them or carrying them always comes with consequences.

"Being involved in a gang or drugs activity and the serious violence that often follows should not be desirable and we will do all we can to ensure the wider community are protected by those exploiting children or bringing other crime into the area for their own criminal gain.

"Please do get in touch if you know anyone involved in crime or are worried about someone at risk by calling @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously."
