```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Man arrested and weapons recovered following armed containment in Sutton, St Helens
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested and weapons recovered following armed containment in Sutton, St Helens
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/man-arrested-and-weapons-recovered-following-armed-containment-in-sutton-st-helens/
title: Man arrested and weapons recovered following armed containment in Sutton, St Helens | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/man-arrested-and-weapons-recovered-following-armed-containment-in-sutton-st-helens/
```

12:08 12/07/2020

Updated News Post

Merseyside Police can confirm that an armed containment at a property in Sutton, St Helens, has been stood down after more than seven hours.

Officers were called to reports of a man causing damage to a betting shop with a hammer at 2.10am this morning (Sunday, 12 July).

When officers arrived the man had retreated to a flat above the premises and was heard causing damage to the flat and was in the flat with a woman, who voluntarily left the premises. A short while after officers arrived the agitated male stood on the window ledge of the first floor flat and threatened to harm himself.

Not long after that the male, who had put on an armoured vest, produced an axe and what appeared to be a long barrelled weapon with a scope and threatened the officers.

The officers subsequently retreated to a place of safety. Armed response officers attended at the scene and a containment was put in place whilst officers attempted to negotiate with the man inside the flat, who throughout the night threatened to harm himself with an array of weapons..

A number of road closures were put in place just before 6am on the junctions of Waterdale Crescent and Gerrards Lane and Robins Lane, Garnet Street, Oxley Street, New Street. Waterdale Place and Lancots Lane were also closed.

The incident concluded at 9.23am and the male has been taken to hospital as a precaution and arrested on suspicion of firearms and public order offences. A number of weapons including knives, an axe and an imitation firearm have been recovered, along with a circular saw that the man was threatening to harm himself with during the containment. A search of the flat is ongoing.

Chief Inspector Steve Brizell, said: "Officers attended at the address throughout the night to ensure the safety of the male concerned and the wider public. After several hours of negotiation the man came out of the premises and he has been arrested on suspicion of firearms and public order offences. He has been taken to hospital as a precaution.

"I would like to thank local residents for their patience and understanding throughout this incident."
