```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers were in the Wirral again today (16th March) carrying out #OpTarget activity to ensure the public remain safe.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'ROUND UP: Officers target criminal activity in Birkenhead'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/round-up-officers-target-criminal-activity-in-birkenhead/
title: 'ROUND UP: Officers target criminal activity in Birkenhead | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/round-up-officers-target-criminal-activity-in-birkenhead/
```

17:10 16/03/2020

Officers were in the Wirral again today (16th March) carrying out #OpTarget activity to ensure the public remain safe.

A drugs warrant was executed at an address on Lansdowne Rd #Birkenhead where a quantity of white powder, cannabis and drugs paraphernalia was found along with a large amount of cash. The occupant was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled Class A drug with intent to supply.

A second warrant was carried out at an address on Clover Drive, also in Birkenhead where cannabis was located and the occupant was issued a caution.

Also in Birkenhead, the local council provided the 'Community Payback' team with a skip so they were able to spend the day clearing up the area.

Elsewhere, the local policing community team were joined by Magenta Housing and the Wirral ASB team who together patrolled a number of roads in Birkenhead North where they spoke to local residents around their concerns.

Officers also took the opportunity to target criminals using the various travel networks. This included a number of roadside operations using the speed gun. Here, approximately 65 vehicles were stopped and the occupants advised in relation to their driving, road safety and vehicle conditions.

Travelsafe PCSOs were also deployed to buses which use the arterial routes in Birkenhead. They were able to provide high visibility on the road network and support partners in Arriva and Stagecoach.

Additionally, officers and PCSOs worked alongside BTP and British Rail Revenue Officers at Birkenhead North and Birkenhead Park train stations using a knife arch at each location.

One officer even took the quad bike for a spin, using it to patrol hard to reach areas in the North End of Birkenhead.

The 'Mobile Police Station' was deployed near to where police activity was taking place, providing a stationary point of contact for residents.

In partnership with Trading Standards, 'Sharkey,' the Illegal Money Lending Team mascot also made an appearance, speaking to the public around spotting a loan shark and the dangers of unauthorised money lending.

Officers were finally joined by Wirral Archaeology who conducted a search in the area using metal detectors where a number of blades were recovered as well as stolen number plates.

Chief Insp Paul Holden said: "It has been a busy day in Birkenhead, working with our partners and the public to keep residents and visitors safe.

"We continue to ask anyone who may have information on someone acting illegally to get in touch via 101, contacting us on soial media @MerPolCC or calling @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously."
