```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: The family of Adam Ellison have released new photographs taken just hours before the 29 year-old was fatally attacked in Prescot as we continue to appeal for information two years after his death.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Adam Ellison Family Appeal - 2 Years On
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/adam-ellison-family-appeal---2-years-on/
title: Adam Ellison Family Appeal - 2 Years On | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/november/adam-ellison-family-appeal---2-years-on/
```

08:31 04/11/2019

The family of Adam Ellison have released new photographs taken just hours before the 29 year-old was fatally attacked in Prescot as we continue to appeal for information two years after his death.

Adam was walking along a pedestrianised area in Market Place, Prescot at 0.40am on 4th November 2017 with three friends when he became involved in an argument with a number of people on a motorbike.

During the incident Adam was stabbed in the neck with an unknown weapon causing him to fall to the ground.

His friends and a number of passers-by went to his aid and called 999 and the offenders rode off in the direction of Tesco supermarket. Adam was pronounced dead shortly after 2am on hospital.

Detective Chief Inspector John Middleton said: "Today marks two years since Adam was killed.

"This was a senseless assault which brutally cut short the life of an innocent young man who had everything to look forward to. His family have been left devastated by their loss and they still have no answers to why this horrific incident took place.

"But I want those responsible to be under no illusion. We have not given up. They will always be looking over their shoulder because we will not stop until we catch them and bring them to justice.

"People like this do not deserve to walk the streets of Merseyside and I would appeal to the right-minded people in our communities to help us to put them behind bars where they belong.

"We know that over time people's loyalties change. I need to hear from anyone who can help us identify the people on the motorbike that night, anyone who was in Prescot town centre that night who hasn't already come forward or anyone who has any information which could help our investigation.

"If you know anything at all that could help us please do the right thing and come forward. You can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or leave information anonymously with Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org"

• Two 17-year-old males and a 22-year-old man, all from Huyton, were arrested in September 2019 in connection with Adam's murder. All have been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Attached are pictures of Adam with his friends on the night he was killed; a video of him with his beloved dog Judy and a photograph of the motorbike.
