```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a non-injury discharge in Kirkby yesterday, Monday, 6 January 2020.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following non-injury discharge in Stocks Road Kirkby
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-non-injury-discharge-in-stocks-road-kirkby/
title: Appeal following non-injury discharge in Stocks Road Kirkby | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/appeal-following-non-injury-discharge-in-stocks-road-kirkby/
```

18:05 07/01/2020

We are appealing for information following a non-injury discharge in Kirkby yesterday, Monday, 6 January 2020.

At 6.50pm it was reported the windows of a house on Stocks Road, and a car parked close by on Mossborough Drive, had also sustained damaged consistent with a firearms discharge.

The property was unoccupied at the time and there were no reported injuries. Bullet casings have been recovered for examination.

There were no reports anyone was injured during the incident.

House to house enquiries are underway and officers will be looking at CCTV from the area in a bid to identify the offenders.

As a direct result a Section 60 order has been authorised in Kirkby to run from 2pm today (7/1/20) until 2am tomorrow (8/1/20). It gives officers enhanced stop and search powers in the area to help prevent serious violence.

Detective Chief Inspector Matt Smith said: "We are in the early stages of this investigation and we need information to progress it and find those responsible for this reckless firearms discharge in a residential street. We need the community to talk to us and tell us what they know to help us rid our community of gun crime.

"We have also put additional patrols on the streets to reassure the local community that we are doing all we can to make our neighbourhoods safer.

"I understand it is worrying for people living in Kirkby and we want to appeal to those with information to come forward and either speak to us or do it anonymously through Crimestoppers."

"Any information may help us, no matter how small it is so please help us identify those responsible."

You can give us any dashcam footage or any information by contacting us @MerPolCC, 101 quoting reference 796 of 6 January, or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
