```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers in Liverpool will be setting up a dispersal zone in the areas of Anfield and Everton on Sunday.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal zone set up in Anfield and Everton
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/dispersal-zone-set-uo-in-anfield-and-everton/
title: Dispersal zone set up in Anfield and Everton | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/january/dispersal-zone-set-uo-in-anfield-and-everton/
```

14:14 03/01/2020

Officers in Liverpool will be setting up a dispersal zone in the areas of Anfield and Everton on Sunday.

The Dispersal Zone has been authorised to run from midday to midnight on Sunday 5 January, covering the period before, during and after the FA Cup third round match between Liverpool and Everton at Anfield.

The order comes under Section 34/35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour & Policing Act 2014 which gives police officers and police community support traffic officers powers to direct people they suspect are causing or likely to cause crime, nuisance or anti-social behaviour to members of the public to leave a designated area for up to 48 hours.

The area covered (see map) is marked within the boundary bordered by Scotland Road A59, continuing to County Road A59, Queens Drive to Townsend Lane, right into Townsend Lane, left on Lower Breck Road to West Derby Road, continuing to Islington to its junction with Scotland Road A59.

If a person has been directed to leave the area and returns during the period of the dispersal notice, an offence will have been committed. Any breaches of this can lead to their arrest.

Community Inspector Graeme Rooney said: "This order is not about bothering people going about their legitimate daily business, or the overwhelming majority of football fans who are going to enjoy what should be a great occasion for the city.

"But we recognise the impact anti-social behaviour can have on individuals and communities, and we will be targeting people involved in this type of behaviour.

"The dispersal zone gives us the powers we need to deal effectively with people and I would urge anyone in the area with any information on anti-social or criminal activity in their area to contact 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
