```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Officers executed a warrant at two addresses in Halewood on Monday 1 February, as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply between Merseyside and Staffordshire.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made in joint County Lines crackdown with Staffordshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/arrests-made-in-joint-county-lines-crackdown-with-staffordshire-police/
title: Arrests made in joint County Lines crackdown with Staffordshire Police | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/february/arrests-made-in-joint-county-lines-crackdown-with-staffordshire-police/
```

12:32 03/02/2021

Officers executed a warrant at two addresses in Halewood on Monday 1 February, as part of a joint investigation into County Lines drug supply between Merseyside and Staffordshire.

Project Medusa is a Merseyside-led initiative set up to tackle County Lines drug dealing and child criminal exploitation.

A 22-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman from Halewood were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A Drugs.

A 25-year-old man from Halewood was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, as well as on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class B Drug, and the production of cannabis.

All three arrested have been released under investigation.

Officers also seized a cannabis farm which was located during the searches.

Detective Inspector Gary Stratton of Merseyside Police, said: "This activity comes on the back of the work we're carrying out day in, day out to arrest those involved in this type of criminality and shut down County Lines.

"Those involved blight the communities they deal drugs in and it's a sad fact that these criminals are known to target vulnerable people to do their dirty work on the ground - often coercing them with gifts and more often than not, violence."

"The Force's Project Medusa, which consists of different types of operational activity, continues to use a variety of tactics to effectively disrupt and in turn bring down these criminal groups.

"While our work hits the criminals hard, we are committed to protecting vulnerable members of society who may fall prey to organised crime gangs.

You can report any concerns to police on 999 if a crime is in progress, via 101, or our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'.

You can also pass information via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form.
