```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: A large operation across the Wirral tackling serious violence and supporting National Child Exploitation Awareness Day was conducted yesterday (18th March) which saw officers deployed to various areas in our continued fight against criminality.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Forcewide policing operation hits the Wirral in crack down on violence in the area
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/forcewide-policing-operation-hits-the-wirral-in-crack-down-on-violence-in-the-area/
title: Forcewide policing operation hits the Wirral in crack down on violence in the area | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/forcewide-policing-operation-hits-the-wirral-in-crack-down-on-violence-in-the-area/
```

10:55 19/03/2021

A large operation across the Wirral tackling serious violence and supporting National Child Exploitation Awareness Day was conducted yesterday (18th March) which saw officers deployed to various areas in our continued fight against criminality.

National Child Exploitation Awareness Day aims to increase public knowledge of what 'Child Exploitation' actually is, how you can spot the signs and ways to report your concerns. This is also supported by the Violence Reduction Partnerships Eyes Open campaign.

Superintendent Martin Earl said "Our aims for these deployments are simple; to tackle serious violence, prevent crime and work with our partners and public to protect vulnerable people."

This day of action is also part of our wider approach to tackling serious violence; Operation Target.

Activity began in the early hours of the morning which saw officers conduct three warrants at addresses in Wallasey and Oxton. These resulted in:

 * A 33-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and B drugs (cocaine, heroin, ketamine, amphetamine and cannabis) and on suspicion of possession of criminal property following a warrant on Silverbeech Avenue, Wallasey. Also seized at the property was a large quantity of drugs, a number of designer watches, a Range Rover Evoque, Mercedes C Class and cash.
 * Two men aged 38 and 48 were arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and abstracting electricity following a warrant on Hogarth Drive, Oxton. Officers forced entry where they located a large cannabis farm consisting of around 80 plants. Both men were taken to custody and the Cannabis Dismantling Team attended to seize the plants.
 * A small amount of cannabis was seized at the third warrant on Poulton Road, Wallasey.

We were also stationed at the ferry terminals, working with Customs, North West Regional Organised Crime Unit and Immigration Enforcement Rapid Response Team to identify anyone involved in drug and other criminality.

As a result, a large number of passengers were stopped and spoken to as well as over 40 vehicles searched including a large lorry transporting hay to Belfast. One car was seized and others were issued with driving tickets. Four men also attempting to travel to Belfast were issued with Covid fines for non-essential travel.

On the roads, we accompanied Merseyside Tunnels Police at Kingsway Tunnel and were also monitoring motorists crossing the border in and out of Wales.

Elsewhere, both plain clothed and high vis patrols took to the streets around the Beechwood Estate, Woodchurch Estate, Rockferry and Tranmere areas in response to concerns raised by residents and ongoing antisocial behaviour being committed.

In total, 18 people were arrested for offences including:

 * Four men aged 25, 27, 36, and 37 on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Cannabis and possession of an offensive weapon after being stopped on Trafalgar Drive, Bebington. They were searched and found with a baseball bat and two large bags of cannabis.
 * A 20 year old man was arrested for drugs and driving offences after plain clothed officers suspected his car as being stolen. He rammed a police car on Glenfield Close before making off. He abandoned the car on Newdales Close but was detained by officers on foot.
 * Others were arrested on a no bail warrant, production of cannabis and drug driving.
 * 32 others were stop searched.

Supt Earl continued "It is really important that we work with all our partners, including Wirral Safeguarding Children Partnership to gather intelligence and protect young people who are often more at risk. Supporting them as well as victims remains one of our top priorities and alongside partners, we will ensure those most vulnerable in our community are signposted to organisations where they can get most support.

"Not only this, we will continue to pursue anyone involved in serious and organised crime and bring them to justice.

"These are highly proactive deployments which are shaped by the information we receive from you. So, I would encourage anyone that knows someone involved in crime or is suffering as a result to please get in touch.

"By you reaching out to us, this means we can work with our partners in the area more effectively, deploying to problematic places, taking action against those involved in crime and making the community safer for everyone."

You can call us on 101, DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK completely anonymously.
