```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Detectives are investigating following reports of the attempted theft of an ATM in Everton this morning, Friday 30 October.


    The incident forms part of a wider investigation into a number of thefts and attempted thefts in recent days across Merseyside, including Southport, Aigburth, Grassendale and Kirkby.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following attempted ATM theft in Everton and offences across Merseyside
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-atm-theft-in-everton-and-offences-across-merseyside/
title: Appeal for information following attempted ATM theft in Everton and offences across Merseyside | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/october/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-atm-theft-in-everton-and-offences-across-merseyside/
```

12:05 30/10/2020

Detectives are investigating following reports of the attempted theft of an ATM in Everton this morning, Friday 30 October.

The incident forms part of a wider investigation into a number of thefts and attempted thefts in recent days across Merseyside, including Southport, Aigburth, Grassendale and Kirkby.

The latest incident occurred at 5.25am this morning, when we were contacted following reports that an attempt had been made by unknown offenders to access the machine on Goodison Road, Everton. No access was gained and they left the area in two vehicles.

Both vehicles were seen to turn left onto Spellow Lane and then left onto Walton Lane.

CCTV and forensic enquiries are being carried out and an investigation is underway.

Following similar incidents in other locations on Merseyside, extra officers have been drafted in, patrols have been stepped up and we linking in with local businesses to ensure they remain safe.

Detective Chief Inspector Gayle Rooney said: "Even though on this occasion the attempt was not successful, we take all incidents of this nature really seriously and an extensive investigation is ongoing. Even though it was early morning we know that there was a queue of traffic at the junction of Spellow Lane and Walton Lane and we believe there may be motorists who saw something or captured something significant on dash cam.

"We often see an increase in robbery and theft in the lead-up to Christmas, and we're investing significant resources into such crimes.

"It is notable that all of these recent incidents have taken place in the early hours of the morning, so I'd also like to ask businesses and the likes of taxi drivers and delivery drivers who use the roads at these times to be vigilant, ensure your CCTV and dashcams are operational, and any issues are raised with us immediately.

"If you see any suspicious behaviour near to ATM machines, or see any unfamiliar vehicles which cause concern, call 999 and we will take action. Likewise, if you have witnessed any of these incidents, or captured anything of note, come forward as it may be the key to our investigation.

"Such crime is completely reckless and those responsible blatantly have no regard for anyone's safety. We have seen incidents where explosions have been caused, and attempts made to drag ATM machines from locations, both of which cause massive risks to those who live and work nearby, or who may have been passing.

"Previous investigations have shown that we can and will dismantle crime groups responsible. We're working closely with partners including the national Safercash partnership, which works with the industries affected by such crime, and regional forces and businesses. In light of these recent incidents, we're also ensuring that all available crime prevention methods are in place across all businesses which may be at risk."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC. You can also call 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.
