```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: As the rules preventing small gatherings outdoors are relaxed from today, Monday 29 March, Merseyside Police reminds people to enjoy the greater flexibility safely while respecting the coronavirus restrictions that remain in place.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Covid roadmap from 29 March: Enjoy the outdoors safely and follow Public Health guidelines'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/covid-roadmap-from-29-march-enjoy-the-outdoors-safely-and-follow-public-health-guidelines/
title: 'Covid roadmap from 29 March: Enjoy the outdoors safely and follow Public Health guidelines | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2021/march/covid-roadmap-from-29-march-enjoy-the-outdoors-safely-and-follow-public-health-guidelines/
```

10:47 29/03/2021

As the rules preventing small gatherings outdoors are relaxed from today, Monday 29 March, Merseyside Police reminds people to enjoy the greater flexibility safely while respecting the coronavirus restrictions that remain in place.

The 'rule of six' has returned across England, which means that up to six people or two households are allowed to meet outside, including in private gardens.

Outdoor sports facilities, such as tennis and basketball courts, are now allowed to reopen, and people can take part in formally organised outdoor sports.

The mixing of households indoors is still not permitted.

Where possible, people should continue to work from home and minimise the number of journeys they make. Holidays abroad are not allowed.

As we begin the Easter holidays, Merseyside Police will continue to work alongside local authorities and the NHS to ensure the safety of residents as they catch-up with loved ones outdoors, within the limits set out by the government.

Chief Inspector Chris Barnes said: "After a long and difficult few months, we understand people are keen to get back to some normality as we continue on the roadmap to cautiously ease lockdown restrictions in England.

"We would like to thank the vast majority of people across Merseyside for their support in helping to reduce the spread of Covid-19, and hope they enjoy the new freedoms that today brings while following the guidance in place.

"While the requirement for people to stay at home has ended, people are encouraged to stay local where possible. We hope that milder weather is on the way - but with that often means busier parks, open space and coastline beauty spots. Please plan journeys carefully, park considerately and legally, and don't crowd in open spaces.

"We have an extensive policing plan in place, and officers will continue patrols on foot and in vehicles across Merseyside over the Easter period. Anyone acting antisocially or flouting the guidelines by meeting indoors or in large groups will be dealt with appropriately by police in order to protect public health.

"It is vital that we continue to follow the rules to prevent a resurgence of Coronavirus and avoid any delay in the easing of restrictions in future."

For full details of the planned roadmap, please visit www.GOV.UK.
