```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We are in North Liverpool today (Thursday 17th October) as part of our ongoing and visible crackdown on criminality.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Op Target: Day of action to crackdown on criminality in North Liverpool'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/op-target-day-of-action-to-crackdown-on-criminality-in-north-liverpool/
title: 'Op Target: Day of action to crackdown on criminality in North Liverpool | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/archive/2019/october/op-target-day-of-action-to-crackdown-on-criminality-in-north-liverpool/
```

14:28 17/10/2019

We are in North Liverpool today (Thursday 17th October) as part of our ongoing and visible crackdown on criminality.

Operation Vermont uses officers from across the force to focus on community issues. Today officers are supporting the work of Operation Target - our ongoing campaign to tackle serious and violent crime on Merseyside.

Uniformed and plain-clothed officers from across the force - on foot, in patrol cars and on quad bikes, will be in the Fazakerley, Walton and Kirkdale areas carrying out open land searches, stop searches, roadside operations and high visibility patrols.

Inspector Jordan Quinn said: "We know from past successes that days of action such as this really do work.

"The public rightly expects to see our frontline officers at the heart of their communities disrupting criminal activity and keeping the streets safe.

"A lot of the activity we are doing today as part of Operation Target is centred around the loop line as historically we know that this is an area where we regularly have reports of criminality and antisocial behaviour.

"We want criminals to know that there is no hiding place and we will continue to do everything in our powers to frustrate their plans and remove drugs and weapons from our streets.

"Of course our activity wouldn't be possible without the help of our communities and I would continue to encourage anyone who has information about criminality in their neighbourhoods to contact us so that we may take positive action and make the streets of Merseyside safe and enjoyable places for people to live, work and visit."

Anyone who has information about drug dealing in the community or knows where weapons are being stored or who is using them can contact us by sending a DM to @MerPolCC, calling 101 or contacting Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
