```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: We have now arrested a total of eight men in connection with an incident on Victoria Street in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July).
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight now in custody after Liverpool city centre incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/eight-now-in-custody-after-liverpool-city-centre-incident/
title: Eight now in custody after Liverpool city centre incident | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/july/eight-now-in-custody-after-liverpool-city-centre-incident/
```

10:46 25/07/2020

We have now arrested a total of eight men in connection with an incident on Victoria Street in Liverpool city centre on Friday night (24 July).

We were called just before 9.20pm to a report a group of men had an altercation at The Shankly Hotel before fighting on Victoria Street, and that three men had sustained injuries after being punched.

Emergency services attended and a scene has been established, with Victoria Street cordoned off from Crosshall Street to the Queensway Tunnel roundabout. The road has since been re-opened.

Two of the injured men, both aged 22, were treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to hospital for further treatment. They remain in a serious but stable condition in hospital, where they are being treated for head injuries.

The third injured man, aged 38, was later located and taken to hospital for assessment where he remains.

A 19-year-old man from Roby, a 32-year-old man from St Helens and a 38-year-old man from St Helens were arrested on suspicion of affray and taken into custody to be interviewed.

Later in the evening, at about 11.30pm, an assault was reported at the Boar's Head pub on Elton Road, St Helens.

Officers attended and five men were arrested in connection with the Victoria Street incident.

One of the suspects was reportedly racially abusive to an officer attempting to arrest him, and a quantity of white powder was found during a search of another of the arrested men.

A 25-year-old man from Sutton Leach was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 28-year-old man from St Helens was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults and possession of a Class A drug.

A 30-year-old man from Thatto Heath was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 31-year-old man from St Helens arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults

A 37-year-old man from Thatto Heath was arrested on suspicion of three Section 18 assaults and a racially aggravated public order offence.

We are aware of footage circulating online relating to the incident, and that others may have camera phone, dashcam or CCTV footage.

You can upload footage direct to the police by clicking on this link: https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/merseyside/appeal/20000438337

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information about who was involved or footage can DM us on Twitter via @MerPolCC or message us on Facebook at 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre'. Alternatively, call 101 quoting incident reference 20000438337 or call @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
