```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following the assault of a teenager in Stockbridge Village on the evening of Thursday, 27 February.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following assault of 13-year-old boy in Stockbridge Village
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-following-assault-of-13-year-old-boy-in-stockbridge-village/
title: Appeal following assault of 13-year-old boy in Stockbridge Village | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/march/appeal-following-assault-of-13-year-old-boy-in-stockbridge-village/
```

13:16 05/03/2020

Detectives are appealing for information following the assault of a teenager in Stockbridge Village on the evening of Thursday, 27 February.

At around 7.40pm, police were called to a report that a 13-year-old boy had been assaulted by a group of males at the entrance of Mab Lane Park on Waterpark Drive, sustaining a head injury after being kicked and punched. He was taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment.

The group of males made off from the scene along the pathway at the side of the park next to St Brigid's Catholic Primary School.

Detective Inspector Phil Atkinson said: "This was a disturbing and sustained assault of a teenage boy who lost consciousness and suffered a number of injuries to his body. Thankfully he is going to make a full physical recovery but the mental scars of this attack are another matter.

"It is not right that a 13-year-old boy who was just visiting a friend should be attacked in this way and we will do our upmost to find those responsible.

"I am appealing to anyone who knows anything about this assault and any witnesses or anyone else who holds information to come forward, and we will take the appropriate action. You might have seen a group of males around Mab Lane Park or the surrounding area, before, during, or after the assault, no matter how small your contribution might be to this investigation please do not hesitate to give us any information you have."

Witness and CCTV enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolCC or 101 with reference 0941 of 27/2/20 or you can pass information via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or DM @MerPolCC.
