```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: As the weekend approaches, we are reminding our local communities of the importance of social distancing to ensure everyone stays safe.
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside communities reminded to stick to social distancing guidelines ahead of weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/merseyside-communities-reminded-to-stick-to-social-distancing-guidelines-ahead-of-weekend/
title: Merseyside communities reminded to stick to social distancing guidelines ahead of weekend | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/june/merseyside-communities-reminded-to-stick-to-social-distancing-guidelines-ahead-of-weekend/
```

14:11 12/06/2020

As the weekend approaches, we are reminding our local communities of the importance of social distancing to ensure everyone stays safe.

The lifting of various lockdown restrictions continues and people are spending more time outdoors and visiting friends and family, meaning it is incredibly important that we continue to abide by government guidelines to protect ourselves and those we love.

The guidance states that we must continue social distancing, that we must only meet in groups of six at most outside, and that from tomorrow (Saturday, 13 June) households containing one person, or one adult and children, can form a 'support bubble' with one other household.

Our officers will be on patrol in all areas and we will continue to target criminality and antisocial behaviour, along with those who flout the government guidance.

Superintendent Jonathan Davies said: "I understand how difficult the past few months have been, but it remains imperative that we stick to the rules so that people aren't put at unnecessary risk. As always, our main priority is the safety of all communities across Merseyside, and I would like to thank those that have and continue to abide by the government guidelines.

"We have seen increased numbers of people attending areas such as parks and beaches, and are aware people may have plans to attend upcoming protests. We recognise the right of people to demonstrate peacefully and express their views but would urge anyone planning to go out this weekend, to stick to social distancing guidelines to maximise the safety of yourself and everyone around you.

"Although the vast majority of our Merseyside communities have been complying with the guidance, we have seen a number of incidents where it has been flouted.

"Last weekend saw officers called to an illegal rave, and I want to emphasise the significant risks that such gatherings pose to those involved and the wider community. This is not just due to the risk of catching or spreading coronavirus, but the safety concerns that could present from attending such an event in a dark and potentially unsafe location.

"Not only were three people seriously injured last week, but extra strain was put on both police and our partners having to attend this unnecessary incident. I want to send out a clear message that these types of events are not acceptable, and we will continue to work to prevent them and take action where necessary. If you are planning to attend one of these events, I would ask you to think twice for the sake of the health and safety of yourself and others.

"As with previous weekends, our officers will be out and about across Merseyside working closely with partners including the Coastguard and local authorities to monitor our coasts and open spaces. Our approach as always will be to engage, explain and encourage members of the public, but we will take action where necessary and criminality, antisocial behaviour and disorder will not be tolerated.

"Once again I would sincerely like to thank everyone that continues to stick to the rules. By doing so you are reducing the strain on the NHS and other emergency services, keeping yourself and others safe and healthy, and protecting the ones you love."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events planned illegally, please contact @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
