```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: 'Officers from our St Helens #OpTarget team were in the Newton-Le-Willows and Broad Oak areas yesterday (21st Sept), carrying out warrants and policing activity to identify and deter those involved in criminality.'
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'OP TARGET: Arrests and seizures in St Helens in evening of activity'
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-arrests-and-seizures-in-st-helens-in-evening-of-activity/
title: 'OP TARGET: Arrests and seizures in St Helens in evening of activity | Merseyside Police'
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/op-target-arrests-and-seizures-in-st-helens-in-evening-of-activity/
```

17:16 22/09/2020

Officers from our St Helens #OpTarget team were in the Newton-Le-Willows and Broad Oak areas yesterday (21st Sept), carrying out warrants and policing activity to identify and deter those involved in criminality.

In Newton-Le-Willows, just after 4:30pm, officers conducted a drugs warrant at a property on Alder Street.

A search of the property and the large rear garden took place where officers found drug paraphernalia as well as magnetic boxes hidden amongst building materials concealing suspected cocaine, cannabis and amphetamines, as well as a large amount of cash.

A 56 year old man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs. He was taken to custody.

Over in Broad Oak, at around 7:30pm, officers stopped a car on Pennine Close. The car, as well as the three men inside it, all in their 30s, were searched and found in possession of a hammer, knife and meat cleaver.

All three were arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and the driver was additionally arrested on suspicion of drug driving.

They were again taken to custody to be questioned.

Inspector Rob Budden said: "Pre-planned warrants as well as proactive policing amplifies our presence in St Helens and allows us to target those we already know about or are investigating in addition to catch criminals who may not yet be on our radar.

"Warrants are a key part of Op Target and often stem from information the public has given us regarding concerns for their own welfare, suspicions they may have or more general information that we use to piece together our investigations and bring offenders to justice. Another part of this operation sees officers target specific areas, again brought to our attention through public and partner intelligence, which means officers can patrol the area and keep an eye out for those involved in crime.

"No one wants their neighbour selling drugs, their family member carrying a weapon or their child being exploited and that's why it remains so important that you continue to give us information, we continue to arrest criminals and the younger people living in St Helens have access to a brighter future with more fulfilling and prosperous opportunities.

"Get in touch if you know someone involved in any sort of crime via @MerPolCC on Twitter or contacting @CrimestoppersUK anonymously."
