```yaml
area: Merseyside
og:
  description: "Superintendent Chris Gibson said: \u201CAlthough this was an approved and organised event, police action was required when it became clear that current Covid restrictions were being breached, as well as the health and safety risk assessment at the premises."
  image: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside Police statement on event at Isla Gladstone, Anfield on Friday 25 September
  type: website
  url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/merseyside-police-statement-on-event-at-isla-gladstone-anfield-on-friday-25-september/
title: Merseyside Police statement on event at Isla Gladstone, Anfield on Friday 25 September | Merseyside Police
url: https://www.merseyside.police.uk/news/merseyside/news/2020/september/merseyside-police-statement-on-event-at-isla-gladstone-anfield-on-friday-25-september/
```

08:32 27/09/2020

Superintendent Chris Gibson said: "Although this was an approved and organised event, police action was required when it became clear that current Covid restrictions were being breached, as well as the health and safety risk assessment at the premises.

"This footage (available on @MerseyPolice Twitter account) shows the complete lack of social distancing, with large groups mixing in close proximity, people dancing on tables and very few of those in attendance sitting down. The event was brought to a close a short time later, people dispersed, and our enquiries continue.

"As we continue to emphasise, Merseyside and other areas of the north west remain at serious risk, and we cannot carry on as normal, mixing with large crowds. The health implications for this and other gatherings could be catastrophic for the most vulnerable people in our communities.

"We continue to have additional policing resources in place across Merseyside this weekend and, as they have been since the start of the pandemic, our officers will engage with the public, encourage people to adhere to the new restrictions, explain why it is so important and where necessary we will take enforcement action. It's vital we deter the spread and reduce our increasing rate of infections. These restrictions are frustrating for all of us, but this is the only way to move back to normality as soon as we can."

If you have information on criminality, anti-social behaviour or events and gatherings, you can contact @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
