```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '25'
  month: November
  reference: '3368'
title: Serious Assault in Forth Valley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/serious-assault-in-forth-valley/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a serious assault in Forth Valley.

Around 8pm on Wednesday, 25 November, 2020, police received a report of a man being injured in Grange Drive, Falkirk. Emergency services attended and the 29-year-old man was taken to Forth Valley Royal Hospital.

Enquiries carried out have revealed the man had been involved in an altercation with another man in Grange Drive. That man is described as white, between 25 and 30 years of age, around 6ft. tall with an average build. He was wearing a grey jumper and dark coloured clothing. Following the incident, the man got into a dark coloured car.

Officers are carrying out door-to-door enquiries and are reviewing CCTV footage for any additional information it can provide.

Detective Inspector Rob Andrews said: “We know there has been a fight involving two men in Grange Drive and I am appealing to local people in that area to contact us with any information they may have. A man has been seriously injured and it’s imperative we trace whoever is responsible. Any small piece of information could prove vital, so please do get in touch.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 3368 of 25 November. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
