```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man pleads guilty, Aberdeen fatal collision
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/man-pleads-guilty-aberdeen-fatal-collision/
```

**Published 2nd June 2020**

A 30-year-old man has pled guilty to causing death by dangerous driving after a 70-year-old man died in Aberdeen last year.

Martin Henderson was driving a BMW estate car under the influence of alcohol and at excessive speed through Aberdeen when he lost control at a bend, colliding with a bus shelter and pedestrians on Inverurie Road. A 70-year-old man died at the scene and an 18-year-old girl was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with serious injuries. The incident happened around 7.55pm on Saturday, 9 November, 2019.

Immediately after the incident, Henderson left the scene to have a drink at a pub and reported his car as stolen to the police. Henderson was arrested later that evening and charged.

He pled guilty today (2 June 2020) at the High Court in Edinburgh to causing death by dangerous driving and attempting to pervert the course of justice.

Road Policing Sergeant Craig McNeill, based at Inverurie, said:

"The conduct of Henderson both before and after the incident was shocking.

"Our investigation led to his quick arrest however it was a tragic incident where innocent people had to suffer because of his actions. I would like to pay tribute to both families affected by this and the impact it has had on their lives.

"The dangers of driving both dangerously and under the influence of alcohol are well known, it is totally unacceptable and there is no reasonable excuse for it."
