```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '5'
  month: September
  reference: '0121'
title: Man robbed in McNeil Street, Gorbals, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/man-robbed-in-mcneil-street-gorbals-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a 57 year-old man was robbed in the Gorbals area of Glasgow on Friday, 4 September, 2020.

Around 11pm on Friday evening, the 57 year-old man was walking on McNeil Street near to Benthall Street, Gorbals, when he was approached from behind by two men who assaulted him and stole some personal effects and a two-figure sum of cash. The two suspects then ran off in the direction of Ballater Street.

The 57 year-old man was badly shaken as a result of the robbery. He did not require medical treatment for his injuries.

Both suspects were white and the only description at this time is that one was wearing grey clothing and the other was wearing black clothing.

Detective Constable John Tweedle from the Community Investigation Unit at Helen Street Police Station said: “Our enquiries are ongoing into this robbery and we have gathered a range of CCTV footage to establish more information on this incident.

“I am appealing to anyone who witnessed this robbery take place, or who has any information that will assist our ongoing investigation to contact the Community Investigation Unit at Helen Street Police Station through 101 quoting reference number 0121 of 5 September. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
