```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Use of Taser found to be proportionate by independent body
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/use-of-taser-found-to-be-proportionate-by-independent-body/
```

**Published 16 January 2020**

The use of a Taser on a 40-year-old man in Balintore was proportionate and necessary an independent investigation has concluded.

The incident was investigated by the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner, which is standard procedure when a Taser is used.

Police were called to a disturbance at the man’s home on 1 August 2019 and due to his hostile and violent behaviour, Authorised Firearms Officers were also deployed to the scene.

The man, who has since been convicted, smashed a window within his home, started a fire and then threw a dart, television, garden shears and a metal pole at police officers who had attended.

Due to the man’s violent behaviour and failure to comply with instructions to show he was not in possession of a weapon, a Taser was discharged for his and the officers’ safety. He was then taken to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness before being detained at Burnett Road Police Station.

Head of Specialist Services, Chief Superintendent Louise Skelton said: “I welcome the PIRC findings confirming that officers’ actions were proportionate and necessary.

“On a daily basis, officers are attending volatile and violent incidents and the use of force to resolve these matters will be carefully considered, and only used when absolutely necessary.

“The professional response to this volatile situation has ensured that the man involved did not come to any harm and he could not put the public or officers at further risk."

You can read a copy of the report here.
