```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '4'
  month: November
  reference: '2560'
title: Bogus workmen in Livingston, West Lothian
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/bogus-workmen-in-livingston-west-lothian/
```

Officers are asking the public to be vigilant as they investigate a bogus workmen incident in Livingston, West Lothian.

Between Sunday, 1 November, and Tuesday, 3 November, 2020, an elderly man was defrauded of a four figure sum of money by workmen who had agreed to carryout work at his address in the Peveril Rise area of the town but failed to do so.

Detective Constable Tony Gilhooley said: “This is a despicable crime and I am appealing to the public and local residents within the Peveril Rise area to get in touch if they can assist our enquiries. The perpetrators arrived in a white Ford transit tipper van that would have been parked in Peveril Rise during the time frame in question.

“If you saw the van or the men carrying out the work please get in touch as any small piece of information could be vital in our enquiries. In particular, if anyone has been to your home canvassing for work or you have home CCTV or a dash-cam, please check your footage as it may have captured images of the van or the men which would assist us in our investigation.

“I would also urge people to be on their guard and to be extra vigilant to this type of activity. Look out for one another and if you think anyone is being targeted by bogus workmen, please report it to the police.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 2560 of 4 November, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
