```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following assault in Douglas Street, Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-douglas-street-paisley/
```

Police in Paisley are appealing for information after an unprovoked assault in the town.

The incident happened at the junction between King Street and Douglas Street around 11pm on Saturday, 8 August.

A 24-year-old woman suffered a facial injury which required treatment at the Royal Alexandra Hospital.

Officers are keen to trace a man described as white, around 5ft 5ins tall, thin build with short dark hair. He was wearing a navy blue T-shirt, dark coloured tracksuit, white trainer and had a dark scarf covering is face..

Detective Inspector Ian Ross, from Paisley CID said: “Extensive enquiries are ongoing after a 24-year-old woman was seriously assaulted in Paisley.

“The victim was out with friends when she was subjected to a horrific and nasty assault.

“This attack was completely unprovoked and we are very keen to trace the individual responsible.

“The victim suffered a very serious facial injury when she was struck to the face with some force.

He added: “We believe the suspect fled the scene in the direction of the railway bridge in King Street following the incident

“If you happened to be in the area at around the time of the attack and saw anybody acting suspiciously then we would like to hear from you.

“Similarly we would ask any drivers in the area to check dashcam footage to see if they captured anything which may be useful to our investigation.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101, quoting incident 5343 of 8 August, or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
