```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after vehicle thefts in Clydebank and Helensburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-after-vehicle-thefts-in-clydebank-and-helensburgh/
```

**Published 19th June 2020**

Police in Argyll and West Dunbartonshire are appealing for information following a series of vehicle thefts targeting Ford Kuga models in the past month.

Between 1am and 1.30am on Monday, 11 May, a white Ford Kuga was stolen from a property on Abercomby Crescent in the Helensburgh area.

A second car, a black Ford Kuga, was stolen from Beeches Road in Clydebank between 12pm on Tuesday, 9 June, and 11am on Wednesday, 10 June.

A green Ford Kuga was stolen from a third property on Mirren Drive in Clydebank between 2am and 3.35am on Wednesday, 17 June, 2020.

Detective Constable Imran Abuzar said:

"We believe the three incidents to be connected due to the same car model being targeted.

"I am appealing to the public for any information regarding the thefts of these three vehicles. I am particularly interested in speaking to anyone who may have CCTV or dashcam footage within these streets and surrounding areas at the time the incidents occurred. Please do check back as there may be footage that could assist in our investigation.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people of securing their homes and vehicles before they go to bed at night and to make sure that keys are kept in a secure place within the property. By taking simple steps to ensure your home and vehicles are secure, this will make you less likely to be a victim of these types of crimes.”

Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting reference 0464 of Wednesday 17 June or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
