```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '14'
  month: September
  reference: '3667'
title: Witness appeal - teenage boy robbed in Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/witness-appeal-teenage-boy-robbed-in-edinburgh/
```

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for information after a 14-year-old boy was robbed in the Blackhall area.

The incident happened just after 9pm on Monday, 14 September, when the teenager was walking through a wooded area to the south of Ravelston Park, near to Blackhall Lawn Tennis Club. There was a group of youths around a small campfire and three boys approached him. One suspect threatened the victim with a knife and took his mobile phone. The victim wasn't physically injured.

The first suspect is described as around 16-years-old, around 5ft 10in tall, skinny build, clean shaven with short brown hair and his right ear pierced. He was wearing a dark bomber jacket and camouflage pattern tracksuit bottoms.

The second suspect is described as around the same age and height, stocky build, clean shaven with ear length ginger hair. He was also wearing a dark bomber jacket.

The third suspect is described as around the same age and height, medium build with dark hair.

Detective Sergeant Mark McGraw, of Corstorphine CID, said: "We're appealing to anyone who has any information about this incident or witnessed it to contact us.

"It appears it was completely unprovoked and we're asking for the public's help to identify those involved."

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 3667 of 14 September.
