```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Statement following fatal collision on the A82
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/statement-following-fatal-collision-on-the-a82/
```

**Published 21 February 2020**

Following the fatal road crash on the A82 north of Fort William, Police Scotland has issued the following statement.

Superintendent Simon Bradshaw, of Police Scotland Road Policing, said:

"Emergency services were made aware of a road traffic collision involving two vehicles on the A82 near Torlundy around 5.30pm on Thursday, 20 February, 2020.

"I can sadly confirm that four people have died - a female driver, 26, a male front seat passenger, 25, and two children - both girls aged three and one. All four were travelling in a green Mini Cooper.

"Further details will be confirmed in due course but I can confirm that they were a family. Specialist officers have been deployed to provide support to their relatives at this extremely difficult time.

"The other vehicle involved was a red Ford Fiesta car. The 56-year-old woman who was driving suffered serious but non-life threatening injuries and was taken to the Belford Hospital in Fort William for treatment.

"The scene faced by our police officers and emergency partners from the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and Scottish Ambulance Service was extremely challenging and I would take this opportunity to thank everyone involved for their efforts in the face of such a distressing incident.

"Every loss of life on our roads is a tragedy but the impact on families, friends and entire communities after an incident like this cannot be underestimated. Our thoughts are with everyone who has been involved or affected.

"An investigation is ongoing to establish the full circumstances leading to this tragedy and it would be wrong for me to speculate on the cause at this time.

"However, I would ask that anyone who was in the area last night, who may have seen either vehicle involved before the collision or who may have dashcam footage to please contact police 101, quoting incident 2942 of 20 February."
