```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Chief Constable participates in coronavirus briefing
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/chief-constable-participates-in-coronavirus-briefing/
```

**Published 10 April 2020**

Chief Constable Iain Livingstone QPM today briefed the country on Police Scotland’s role in the national response to coronavirus, during a session with the First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and the National Clinical Director Jason Leitch.

Below is a transcript of the Chief Constable’s update and information on how Police Scotland is using emergency powers to support the national response.

The Chief Constable said: “Good afternoon. I am pleased to report that the vast majority of people in Scotland are in fact continuing to do the right thing during this acute health emergency and thank them for that. The social distancing legal requirement to stay home is the best way to protect the NHS and the best way to save lives.

“And of course, community policing across Scotland has a vital role to play as we all make the daily changes and personal sacrifices needed to combat the spread of coronavirus. With the continued support and co-operation of our fellow citizens, Police Scotland will explain the legal instructions, encourage compliance, and when needed, enforce the law.

“Since the emergency powers came into effect two weeks ago, we have been required to take enforcement action in limited situations. Thus far, across the whole of the country, we have issued over 500 fixed penalty notices.

“This has typically been during incidents where people do not comply with legal instructions even after being spoken to by officers. For example, house parties or gatherings in public where those involved refuse to disperse.

“However, overall, compliance has been very high in Scotland and I thank the public for their overwhelming co-operation and commitment.

“Our officers and staff are in communities right across Scotland 24 hours a day, at times putting themselves in harm’s way and I pay tribute to them and thank them for that. Social distancing, staying at home, are the key interventions to curtail the spread of coronavirus.“Policing in Scotland will always seek to be fair, reasonable and proportionate. That is why I have invited a leading human rights lawyer to review our use of the emergency powers. I ask all our fellow citizens to continue their support and co-operation as demonstrated in recent weeks.

“Please - stay home; stay safe; and follow the guidance. Do not make personal exemptions bespoke to your own circumstances.

“If you are out and about, officers may ask you why. I would encourage you to engage with officers, explain your circumstances, then listen to and act upon any advice given.

“I recognise this is an extremely difficult time, particularly during the Easter holiday period when in normal circumstances we would all be expecting to be out and about, enjoying the good weather and seeing family and friends. But I ask that everyone accepts the changes to our daily lives and the personal sacrifices required. Because, ultimately, it will be to the benefit of us all.

“If we all do the right thing to maintain social distancing, stay home and keep safe, we will protect the NHS.

“If you need help or support from the police service contact us.

“Please, please, stick with it; obey the law; continue to play your part; and lives will be saved.”

Use of emergency coronavirus powers by area from 27 March to 9 April.

Division

Dispersal on request

Dispersal on warning

Fixed Penalty Notice issued

Reasonable force used to return people home

Arrest

A - North East

72

22

38

14

0

C - Forth Valley

80

16

44

2

1

D – Tayside

69

8

15

5

0

E – Edinburgh

106

22

32

3

5

G - Greater Glasgow

404

155

113

10

8

J - The Lothians & Scottish Borders

59

21

18

3

1

K - Renfrewshire & Inverclyde

48

101

67

1

1

L - Argyll & West Dunbartonshire

233

13

42

5

7

N - Highland & Islands

83

14

19

2

2

P – Fife

57

14

29

0

0

Q – Lanarkshire

68

20

57

3

5

U – Ayrshire

129

56

47

7

2

V - Dumfries & Galloway

19

2

16

3

3

All of Scotland

1427

464

537

58

35

Please note this is preliminary management information and may be subject to adjustment.
