```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '7'
  month: October
  reference: '3512'
title: Attempted murder of man in West Pilton Grove, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/attempted-murder-of-man-in-west-pilton-grove-edinburgh/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following the attempted murder of a 19 year-old man at a flat in West Pilton Grove, Edinburgh on Wednesday, 7 October, 2020.

Around 8.40pm on Wednesday evening, the 19 year-old man and another man were outside shops on Ferry Road Drive in Edinburgh, when they were involved in an altercation with a group of youths. The 19 year-old man received a facial injury then made his way home to West Pilton Grove.

Around 9.30pm, he was within the flat when four men forced entry to the flat and seriously assaulted him.

Police and Ambulance attended and the injured man was taken to Edinburgh Royal Hospital where he is being treated for stab wounds. Hospital staff describe his condition as serious.

The four men responsible are white and aged in their late teens or early twenties. The first man was of medium build and wearing a grey hooded top, a black gilet and black jogging trousers. The second man was wearing a black hooded top and black jogging trousers. The third man was wearing a green top and black jogging trousers, and the fourth man was of heavy build and wearing a black hooded top, blue t-shirt, black jogging trousers and white trainers.

Detective Sergeant Rory Legge of Corstorphine Police Station said: “Our enquiries are continuing into this incident and we have been carrying out enquiries and gathering CCTV from the local area to help us establish the identity of the four men responsible.

“I would appeal to anyone who witnessed, or who has information on the incident outside the shops on Ferry Road Drive or the further assault in West Pilton Grove to contact us as soon as possible.

“Anyone with information should contact Corstorphine Police Station through 101 quoting reference number 3512 of 7 October. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
