```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following attempted murder in Gallowgate area, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-attempted-murder-in-gallowgate-area-glasgow/
```

**Published 10 May 2020**

Detectives are appealing for information after a 44-year-old man was seriously injured in Glasgow on Saturday, 9 May, 2020.

Around 00.20am on Sunday, 10 May, 2020 police received a report of a man lying injured in Slatefield Street. Enquiries have established that the man may have been assaulted in this area or near to Comley Park Street between 11.10pm and 11.30pm.

Police attended and the man was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary Hospital, where he is being treated for what is described as serious injuries.

Officers are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

CCTV enquiries have captured five men in the vicinity at the time of the incident and officers are particularly eager to speak with them in relation to the assault. They were all wearing dark-coloured clothing.

Detective Sergeant Chris Lafferty of Shettleston Police Office, said: “We are carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding what is being treated as an attempted murder, to trace whoever is responsible.

“Our enquiries are ongoing but we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything or who was in the area at the time and may have seen five men in dark clothing as they may be able to assist with our investigation.”

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident 0068 of 10 May. Alternatively information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555111.
