```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Renewed appeal after death of man found in car near Ayr
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/renewed-appeal-after-death-of-man-found-in-car-near-ayr/
```

**Published 31 July 2020**

Police in Ayrshire are renewing an appeal for information following the death of a man found within a car on the A77 near Ayr.

The man's identity can now be confirmed as Michael Thomson, 46, from Ayr.

He was found within a blue Ford Fiesta car - registration LA56 HZN - parked in a layby on the northbound carriageway near Dalmilling Golf Course, between the Holmston and Whitletts roundabouts.

The incident was reported to police around 6pm on Saturday, 25 July.

His death continues to be treated as unexplained and enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan McAlpine said: "Our enquiries have established the car may have been in the York Street area of Ayr from around 0800am on Friday 24th July. From our initial CCTV review, we now know it was driven to the layby from an industrial unit in York Street between midnight and 0100am on Saturday 25th July."

"We are grateful to everyone who has already made contact with police with information. We are continuing to work to establish the full circumstances and would urge anyone who may have seen Mr Thomson or this car at any time on Friday 24th and Saturday 25th July to contact us".

"Anyone who used the A77 between the Holmston and Whitletts roundabouts and may have dashcam footage is asked to review this and pass on anything which may be of note,

"Anyone who may have seen Mr Thomson, the vehicle or who has any other information can contact police on 101, quoting incident 3125 of 25 July."

You can also visit: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT20S21-PO1
