```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Edinburgh residents thanked for staying at home at Easter
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/edinburgh-residents-thanked-for-staying-at-home-at-easter/
```

**Published 10 April 2020**

As the Easter holiday gets under way the Capital’s communities are being thanked for their efforts in staying home and helping tackle the spread of coronavirus.

Superintendent Mark Rennie said: "I’d like to acknowledge the excellent response our residents have provided to the restrictions put in place. We have a population of around 500,000 people and the significant majority of residents and workers have complied with these measures.

"Your collective efforts will help to save lives and protect our NHS, so thank you for your commitment and support.

"We know that being apart from family and friends over holidays, such as Easter, is difficult, but it is essential that we all play our part to keep the public safe.

“The Chief Constable stressed the importance of this when he spoke with the First Minister today and asked the public to continue with the changes, even during the holiday and as the weather gets better.

"Police Scotland officers are taking a common sense approach. We will engage with members of the public, explain the importance of social distancing and encourage them to return home but we will, as a last resort, use the enforcement powers if necessary.

“In Edinburgh during a holiday weekend, weather permitting, areas such as Portobello Beach and The Meadows are common gathering places for the public. However, at this time, we would ask you to follow the instructions.

“By all means connect with loved ones and friends on various online platforms, but please stay at home. It is the safest and most responsible way to enjoy the Easter weekend."

A total of 32 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Edinburgh in relation to the emergency powers between March 27 and April 9.
