```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Chief Constable takes part in coronavirus briefing
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/chief-constable-takes-part-in-coronavirus-briefing/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Chief Constable Iain Livingstone QPM joined First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and the National Clinical Director Jason Leitch during the Scottish Government's coronavirus briefing today.

A transcript of his address is below.

* * *

"Thank you First Minister. Good afternoon. From the beginning of this emergency, I have been clear that policing has an important supporting role to play in helping the national effort to combat coronavirus.

Police Scotland’s response and our service will be assessed against three things – how the work of our officers and staff to support physical distancing contributes in some way to reduce the mortality rate in Scotland; secondly, whether, through our actions, we can maintain, and possibly even enhance, the very strong relationship of trust that policing has with the public of Scotland; and thirdly, that in doing this we protect the health, welfare and safety of all our officers and staff and their families.

What we have seen and experienced across Scotland to date, is that communities have stepped forward, collectively, and as individuals, to do their duty, to help each other. I want to acknowledge and highlight in particular the significant sacrifices which children and young people are making during this important stage of their lives, when many milestones and events are arising.

To my mind, this reflects the fact that my officers and staff are experiencing high levels of co-operation and consent from our fellow citizens, as policing does our part to support the application of what I acknowledge are very restrictive measures on personal freedoms.

Reassuringly, we have seen some early indications in an independent survey commissioned by the Scottish Police Authority that public confidence in policing in Scotland remains solid during this time, and is perhaps even higher than it had been prior to this emergency.Going forward, we will continue to value the trust of the public and support them during these difficult days.

And, I’m extremely grateful for the public’s support for policing. It is my plea, today, for everyone to continue to exercise the self-discipline, commitment and common sense, which has, thus far, served us all well.

It is essential to protect the NHS and to save lives. Please stick with it.

The First Minister has discussed how things may change in the future, when it is judged safe to do so.

We don’t know exactly when any changes will come, what they will be or how they will be viewed. What I can tell you is that the Police Service of Scotland will continue to act with courtesy and common sense and in line with our values of public service.

As I have explained before, I have commissioned independent, expert, assurance led by a leading human rights lawyer, John Scott QC, to better understand the effect of the emergency legislation in our communities, and help us to discharge our duties consistently and fairly.It remains crucial that everyone right across the country continues to play their part. Please - stay home; stay safe; and follow the guidance.

Officers will remain visible in communities across Scotland and may speak with you to explain restrictions and encourage you to adhere to them. Where necessary, and bluntly as a last resort, we will enforce the law.

At the same time, I want to reiterate that Police Scotland remains here to help and support our fellow citizens to keep them safe in all aspects of their lives.

Sadly, for some people, the stay at home guidance may expose them to a greater risk of abuse, harm and neglect. I know that private, and indeed virtual, spaces are not safe places for everyone.

If you need police assistance, if you need our support or intervention, or if you have concerns about someone else, contact us and we will help.

We are here 24 hours a day to support those in need, support those who may be vulnerable, and to ensure fairness and the rule of law.

Police Scotland officers and staff are working around the clock, at times putting themselves in harm’s way, to respond to coronavirus and day to day policing demands. I reiterate my respect as Chief Constable and thanks for all they are doing and will continue to do.

And I ask you, the people of Scotland, please continue to work together during this emergency. It is a shared mission for everyone in Scotland to reduce the spread of the virus, protect each other, and save lives.

Thank you for your forbearance and commitment.

Stay safe; look after yourselves; look after each other; and look after your families."

Watch the full video from the First Minister's coronavirus update, with British Sign Language, here.

Police Scotland has also published updated information on the enforcement of the coronavirus regulations. You can read that information here.
