```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after armed robbery on Thymebank in Livingston
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/appeal-after-armed-robbery-on-thymebank-in-livingston/
```

**Published 21 April 2020**

Police in Livingston are appealing for information after an armed robbery at a store in Ladywell.

The incident happened at a premises on Thymebank around 4.55pm on Monday, 20 April, 2020.

An unidentified man entered the store and presented a knife, he threatened staff to open the register and made off with a three figure sum of cash.

He left the shop on foot and is believed to have headed towards Sedgebank, Ladywell.

The man is described as being white, aged in his late teens to early 20s, of a slim build, around 5ft 9in to 5ft 11in tall and spoke with a local accent. He had his face covered and was wearing a dark coloured hooded top, dark coloured tracksuit bottoms with dark trainers and dark gloves.

Detective Sergeant Douglas Gilmour of West Lothian CID said: “This was a frightening experience for the staff member present, thankfully nobody was injured in the incident.

“Extensive enquires are ongoing to identify the man responsible, including reviewing CCTV from the area.

“Anyone who believes they may have information which could help identify the man or who was in the area at the time of the robbery is urged to contact police as soon as they can.”

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting incident 2662 of 20 April, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
