```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Five men sentenced for producing and supplying Etizolam tablets
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/five-men-sentenced-for-producing-and-supplying-etizolam-tablets/
```

Officers from Police Scotland have welcomed the sentencing of five men for their part in producing and supplying illegal Etizolam tablets.

Kyle Byrne (29), Paul Gaughan (30), John MacLeod (33), Lee MacLeod (26) and George Stewart (32) were arrested in March this year in Dalry after a warrant was executed at an address in the Ayrshire town.

All five were sentenced today, Monday, 2 November 2020, at the High Court in Edinburgh for drug offences - to a total of 19 years in prison.

Byrne, John MacLeod and Stewart were each sentenced to five years and four months in prison and subject to a Serious Crime Prevention Order for two years. Gaughan was sentenced to one year and Lee MacLeod to two years in prison.

Detective Inspector Cheryl Kelly said:

“These five men were intent on distributing drugs on our streets. Their illicit operation was well established and would have had devastating effects on our local communities.

“The people of Scotland will be re-assured that Police Scotland remains absolutely committed to targeting serious and organised criminality, which includes drugs offences, and making the country a hostile environment for these criminals to carry out their nefarious activities.

"Any intelligence we receive relating to crimes of this nature will be acted on and those involved will be brought to justice. We can't do this alone and work closely with partners, including the SOC Taskforce. We also need the help of the public and if anyone has any concerns regarding criminality in their area, please contact Police Scotland on 101 or make an anonymous report to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

Chief Inspector Anton Stephenson from Safer Communities said:

"We continue to have highly significant success in disrupting the activities of those who exploit the most vulnerable people in society by selling illegal drugs. Our officers work extremely hard with partners to help reduce the tragic impact of drugs on individuals, families and communities in Scotland as part of a health-led approach."
