```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Renewed appeal after disturbances in Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/renewed-appeal-after-disturbances-in-aberdeen/
```

**Published 17 January 2020**

Police in Aberdeen are renewing appeals for information in relation to two incidents which left men injured in the city.

One was a disturbance on Jute Street, which happened within a property around 9.30pm on Thursday, 9 January.

The men - aged 25 and 24 - were taken to hospital for treatment following the incident.

Their injuries are serious but not life threatening.

The other happened around 10pm on Monday, 6 January on North Balnagask Road in the Torry area, where a 25-year-old man suffered serious but non-life threatening injuries.

This incident happened on the street and involved a number of others.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out into both incidents, which are not linked.

Detective Inspector Jackie Knight of Aberdeen CID said: "Our investigations into both these incidents are ongoing and I am again urging anyone with information relating to either to come forward.

"Extensive enquiries have been carried out at both locations, including door to door work and examining CCTV. I would like to thank both communities for their understanding and patience while we have carried out this work.

"Incidents such as these are uncommon in Aberdeen and I would reassure people that every effort is being put into identifying those responsible.

"I must stress that we are not linking these two incidents but would be keen to hear from anyone who may be able to assist either of our investigations."

Anyone with information about either incident is asked to call Police Scotland on 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please quote reference 3540 of 6 January for North Balnagask Road or 3648 of 9 January for Jute Street when contacting Police Scotland.
