```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault in Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-assault-in-edinburgh/
```

**Published 25 July 2020**

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for information following an assault in the City.

The incident happened around 8.30pm on Friday, 24 July, 2020, at the Meadows Park where an 18-year-old man was assaulted by four other men.

The man was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment of his injuries which are not thought to be serious.

The four suspects are described as males aged between 15 to 17-years-old with brown and blonde short hair. At the time of the incident, one was wearing black shorts and a black top, another with black trousers and one wearing a white hooded top.

Sergeant Grant Robertson, of Howdenhall Community Policing, said: “We believe this incident to be a targeted attack and would like to reassure the public that there is no threat to the wider community.

“This incident happened at a time when the park was busy with other people and I would ask that if anyone witnessed this to contact police, in particular if anyone is in possession of any mobile phone footage.

“Officers will be actively patrolling the area and engaging with the local residents and people that use the park, and as ever, we encourage anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour to report it to us.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 3785 of Friday, 24 July, 2020.”
