```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following armed robbery in Bellshill
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/witness-appeal-following-armed-robbery-in-bellshill/
```

**Published 12 May 2020**

Police in North Lanarkshire are appealing for information following an armed robbery in Bellshill.

The incident happened around 7.50pm on Monday, 11 May, 2020, on Holytown Road when the driver of a Grey BMW X6 left his car to assist an injured man on the road.

The driver was then threatened with a knife from a second man who approached him and demanded the keys for his car. Both men then got into the BMW and drove off in the direction of Bellshill.

Both suspects involved are described as men, both wearing dark clothing with one wearing a hat and latex gloves.

Detective Inspector Kenny Dalrymple, of Wishaw CID, said: “Although nobody has been injured as a result of this, the man involved has been left extremely shaken.

“Enquiries are ongoing to trace the vehicle and I would ask anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen the incident, or a male on Holytown Road trying to flag down passing motorists, to get in touch with officers.

"This was a carefully executed plan and we would ask members of the public to be cautious and vigilant when leaving your vehicle.

“If there is anyone with possible dashcam footage around the time of the robbery, I would urge you to contact police.”

Police Scotland can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 3657 of Monday, 11 May, 2020.
