```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Two robberies in Port Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/two-robberies-in-port-glasgow/
```

**Published 18 April 2020**

Detectives in Greenock are appealing for information after two separate robberies in Port Glasgow on Friday 17th and Saturday 18th April.

The first robbery took place around 2.30pm on Friday, 17th April. A 70 year-old woman was standing at a bus stop on Marloch Avenue in Port Glasgow when she was approached by man wearing black clothing who had his lower face covered. The suspect grabbed the woman’s handbag that contained a three-figure sum of cash and ran off.

The second robbery took place around 4am on Saturday, 18th April. A man got into a taxi on Grampian Road in Port Glasgow and threatens the 52 year-old driver with a knife and demanded money. The suspect then made off with a two-figure sum of cash. The suspect was wearing black clothing and was wearing a black and white Halloween face mask with red marks on it.

Detective Sergeant Stuart Young of Greenock Police Office said: “Luckily the victims of both of these robberies were uninjured, however they are badly shaken by these incidents.

“Officers are carrying out additional patrols in the local area to provide public reassurance.

“At this time we are working to trace those responsible for these incidents in Marloch Avenue and Grampian Road. I would ask anyone who witnessed either of these incidents, or who has information that may assist our investigations to contact Greenock Police Office through 101. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
