```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: February
  reference: '2917'
  year: '2020'
title: Serious Road Crash - A941, Craigellachie, Moray
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/serious-road-crash-a941-craigellachie-moray/
```

**Published 24 February 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision on the A941 Dufftown to Craigellachie Road, Moray, in which a 9-year-old girl was seriously injured.

Around 5.30 pm on Sunday, 23 February, 2020, a red Fiat Bravo, a white Nissan Juke travelling north and a southbound blue Audi A6 collided on the A941, around 2 miles south of Craigellachie.

The young girl, a passenger in the Nissan Juke, was airlifted to Hospital in Edinburgh where she remains for treatment. Medical staff describe her condition as critical.

The 37-year-old man who was driving the Nissan Juke was taken by ambulance to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary where he is being treated for serious injuries.

The 21-year-old male driver of the Fiat Bravo and the occupants of the Audi A6, two men, aged 23 and 33, and a 41-year-old woman, sustained minor injuries and were treated at local hospitals and have since been discharged.

The road remained closed for over 12 hours while police carried out their investigations.

Sergeant Andy Meikleham, North East Road Policing Unit, said:

“Enquiries are ongoing to establish how and why the crash happened and I am appealing to any witnesses to the collision, who have not yet spoken to police, to come forward.

“I would also like to hear from anyone with dash-cam footage of the collision, or shortly before, that could assist our investigation to get in touch.

“I’d like to thank the public for their patience whilst we closed the road to respond to the collision and carry out our enquiries.”

Anyone with information can contact North East Road Policing via 101 quoting reference number 2917 of 23 February 2020.
