```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Vandalism and housebreaking - Cranhill, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/vandalism-and-housebreaking-cranhill-glasgow/
```

Police are investigating a number of housebreakings and vandalisms to St Maria Goretti Primary School, Skerryvore Road, Cranhill, Glasgow over the last three weeks.

Since the beginning of January this year, the school has been broken into, vandalised and fires have been set within on at least three occasions. The cost of the damage to the school is estimated to run into thousands of pounds.

Chief Inspector Michael Duddy, London Road Police Office, said:

“This series of break-ins to the school has caused a lot of damage to a valuable community asset. The people who broke into the school last week have caused a terrible amount of damage by setting fires within the building. Those responsible are likely to reside locally and we are continuing our enquiries to trace those responsible.

Head Teacher at St Maria Goretti Primary, Yvonne Henry, added:

“We are situated in the centre of the community in Cranhill and we provide services valuable to the area in this difficult time of the COVID19 pandemic. The damage costs are horrendous and to quite honest it is the last thing we were needing or expected. Working with other agencies we will improve our security measures and I would encourage anyone with information on these break-ins to contact the police”

Anyone with information should contact the police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
