```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man charged following disorder at Celtic Park in Glasgow on Sunday, 29 November
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/man-charged-following-disorder-at-celtic-park-in-glasgow-on-sunday-29-november/
```

Police Scotland can confirm that a 22-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with disorder related offences following a protest outside Celtic Park on Sunday, 29 November, 2020.

The man is due to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court at a later date.

Chief Superintendent Mark Sutherland, Greater Glasgow Division, said: “Our investigation into the incident outside Celtic Park on Sunday, 29 November, 2020 continues and I would like to reiterate that enquiries are ongoing to establish those involved.

“Disorder of this nature will not be tolerated and any repeat of the scenes witnessed last weekend will be met with a robust police response.

"The Scottish Government regulations are quite clear that these types of demonstrations are prohibited in areas under level four restrictions, so I would urge people to find alternative ways to protest, such as online, to help the prevent the spread of coronavirus and save lives.

"Officers will continue to engage with people to explain the restrictions in place. Our response to any protest will be measured and appropriate but we will use enforcement where required.

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information that will assist this investigation to contact us through 101. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained."
