```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Teenagers charged in connection with break-ins, North Kessock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/teenagers-charged-in-connection-with-break-ins-north-kessock/
```

**Published 13 January 2020**

Police in North Kessock can confirm that two teenage boys have been charged in connection with a series of break-ins which happened in the area on Sunday, 12 January, 2020.

The incidents happened between 3am and 5am at the Old Ticket Office on Main Street, North Kessock Village Hall on Marine Park, North Kessock Primary School on Ferry Brae and North Kessock Pavilion.

Some low value items were stolen, however the main intent appears to have been to cause damage to the properties.

The teenage boys, both 15-years-old were charged on Sunday 12, January and a joint report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal and Children’s Reporter.

Inspector Kevin MacLeod of Dingwall Police Station said: “These incidents caused considerable disruption to the leisure and educational facilities targeted and affected the area as a whole. I want to make it clear that this type of behaviour will not be tolerated.

“These incidents were an isolated event I’d like to reassure the wider public that there is no further risk posed to the community.

“We are appealing for any further witnesses to get in touch with us as soon as possible and I would like to thank everyone who has already assisted with our enquiries.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 1071 of Sunday, 12 January, 2020.
