```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Re-appeal following assault on healthcare worker, Banchory
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/re-appeal-following-assault-on-healthcare-worker-banchory/
```

**Published 3 April 2020**

One week on, Police Scotland is continuing to appeal for any witnesses or information in connection with an assault on a local healthcare worker in Banchory on Friday, 27 March.

The incident happened around 1.40pm when the woman was driving along the unclassified road from Inchmarlo Golf Course to Brathens Wood when she was flagged down by a youth.

When she stopped her car, the youth, described as aged between 13 and 16-years-old, slim build, about 5ft 6ins with a local accent, wearing a light grey hoodie, a black jacket and black or dark blue joggers, coughed directly in her face, telling her she would now get coronavirus.

He then ran off into the woods laughing and is believed to have joined a group of other youths.

Officers are keen to speak to speak to anyone who may have seen a group of teenagers near to Brathens woods on the road between Banchory and Torphins, known locally as the Glassel Road, around the time of the assault, or before or after the incident.

In particular police would like to speak to a young person who was seen around an hour after the assault on a black BMX type bike wearing a black full face helmet as he may be able to help with enquiries. He was in a group of four; two with bikes and two on foot.

Drivers who were on the road at the time are also asked to check any dash-cam footage they may have and residents in and around the large expanse of wood are asked to check their residential CCTV before and after the time of the incident to see if they can assist officers in their enquiries.

Sergeant Garry Garrow, of Banchory Police Station said: “This was more than just a prank, it left the woman distressed and fearful. Anyone who knows who any of these youths are should get in touch immediately.

“In particular we are asking for help to trace the young person seen on the black BMX type bike. I would ask parents if they think this may have been someone from their family to get in touch. Likewise, the person concerned should call us.

“I would like to thank those who have already contacted us with information. Banchory is a great community and when something like this occurs, everyone feels it. This behaviour was despicable and in the current climate, absolutely unacceptable.

“There may be members of the community who know the person responsible, and we appeal to them to assist with our ongoing investigation. Anyone with information should call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 1661 of Friday, 27 March 2020, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
