```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Covid-19 travel restrictions
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/covid-19-travel-restrictions/
```

New measures have been introduced by the Scottish Government to stop the spread of coronavirus.

Full details of these measures are available here.

Police Scotland is asking people to continue to play their part in stopping the virus from spreading.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Speirs said: "We are asking people to take personal responsibility to do the right thing and remember the purpose of these measures is to aid the collective effort to protect the NHS and save lives by preventing the virus from spreading.

"As we have consistently said throughout the pandemic, the vast majority of the public have been complying with the regulations.

"People have been exceptionally quick to act when new restrictions are introduced. The mandatory wearing of face coverings in shops is evidence of this. Scotland is, generally, a law-abiding nation and I fully expect that public support to continue as these new measures are introduced.

"Therefore, the policing approach we adopted from the outset of the pandemic will not change. Our officers will continue to engage with the public, explain the legislation and guidance, and encourage compliance. We will use enforcement as a last resort where there is a clear breach of the legislation.

"The Chief Constable has said publicly on numerous occasions that we will not be routinely stopping vehicles or setting up road blocks, and that will not change as a result of travel restrictions now being in law.

"However, officers may in the course of their duties come across people who are travelling from one local authority area to another. In areas where travel restrictions apply, officers will continue to use the common sense, discretion and excellent judgement that they have applied since the crisis began."
