```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following bogus workmen incidents in Milngavie
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-following-bogus-workmen-incidents-in-milngavie/
```

**Published 8th June 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information following two incidents involving bogus workmen in Milngavie.

The first incident happened around 1.30pm on Wednesday, 3 June, 2020 at an address in Lennox Avenue when a man posing as a water engineer requested entrance to a property.

A similar incident happened in Craigend Crescent around 3pm on Thursday, 4 June, 2020, when again, a man acting as a water engineer asked to enter the property to check the water supply.

On both occasions, the man was asked to show ID which he did not have and entry was refused.

The suspect is described as a man, aged between 30-40, around 5ft 7in tall with short grey hair and a Glasgow accent. At the time of the incidents, he was wearing a polo shirt with blue trousers.

PC Matthew Stanway, of Kirkintilloch Police Office, said: “Thankfully those who were targeted by these incidents have done the right thing and refused entry to their property.

“We are now appealing to anyone who may have any information to get in contact with officers.

“If you have any CCTV or dashcam footage that may assist with our investigation, or have experienced any suspicious callers at your property, then please get in touch.”

Police Scotland can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 1556 of Wednesday, 3 June, 2020.
