```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: January
  reference: '3095'
  year: '2020'
title: Online portal set up for Cumbernauld shooting appeal
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/online-portal-set-up-for-cumbernauld-shooting-appeal/
```

**Published 28 January 2020**

Detectives investigating a shooting in Cumbernauld have set up an online portal to encourage members of the public to submit information.

The Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) is a website that gives the public access to a form so they can send information directly to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus.

This is the first time the MIPP has been used by Police Scotland since its official launch on 6 January 2020.

The incident in Cumbernauld happened around 6.55pm on Thursday, 23 January, 2020 when four men in a silver Ford Focus drove into Brunswick Gardens.

Three men got out of the car and chased a 27-year-old man while carrying a firearm, which was fired, and a bladed weapon.

The victim was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary with serious but not life threatening injuries to his back. He has since been released from hospital.

A 52-year-old woman who had been walking her dog suffered a minor injury to her hand and her dog, a white Maltichon called Henry, died as a result of the firearm being discharged.

The suspects are described as wearing dark clothing and possibly balaclavas.

The silver Ford Focus was found burnt out at Fannyside Mill, Moore Road, at Forrest Road near to Blackthorn Roundabout around 7.55pm the same night. The partial registration plate is 67 ZKZ.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant, senior investigating officer, is keen to gather information around the movements of the silver Ford Focus.

She said: "Our enquiries so far have led us to believe the car may have been in the area prior to the incident taking place. I would appeal to the public who remember seeing the car or a car matching that description being driven erratically after the incident to contact us. If anyone has dash cam footage, please check it and send any relevant footage to us via the online portal.

"It is rare for a member of the public to be caught up in this and I would reiterate how important it is for people to come forward and help us trace the people responsible.

"If anyone has any relevant information about this incident, please contact us on 101 quoting incident number 3095 of 23 January 2020 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Link to Cumbernauld shooting MIPP page: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT19S01-PO1
