```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Anwar Chowdhury sentenced for rape in Inverness
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/anwar-chowdhury-sentenced-for-rape-in-inverness/
```

**Published 4 February 2020**

Police Scotland has acknowledged the conviction of Anwar Chowdhury for the rape of a woman in Inverness in August 2018.

The 41-year-old was found guilty of the offence after a trial at the High Court in Aberdeen last November.

He was today, Tuesday, 4 February, 2020, sentenced to six years in prison and placed on the sex offenders register for life.

Detective Inspector Diane Smith said: "Anwar Chowdhury abused a position of trust and responsibility to take advantage of a vulnerable woman for his own gratification when she was not in a position to give consent.

"His behaviour has been deplorable. His conviction is a testament to her bravery throughout the police investigation and subsequent legal process.

"Sexual offending is unacceptable and tackling crime of this nature is a priority for Police Scotland, both nationally and locally in the Highlands and Islands.

"Put simply, sex without consent is rape and we work closely with a range of partners to support and seek justice for victims, while taking action against perpetrators."

There are various ways to report an offence, either direct to Police Scotland or one of the many partner agencies such as Rape Crisis Scotland or Women's Aid.

You can contact Police Scotland on 101 or 999 in an emergency.
