```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Murder enquiry launched - Ayr
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/murder-enquiry-launched-ayr/
```

**Published 9 February 2020**

Police are treating as murder the death of a 34-year-old man in Ayr on Saturday, 8 February, 2020.

Around 4pm on Saturday afternoon, police were called after Morgan Dunn (34), from Hawkhill Drive, Stevenston, was found seriously injured within a house in Marigold Square, Ayr. Officers and emergency services attended, however, he died at the scene. His relatives are aware.

A report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.

Detective Chief Inspector Stevie Wallace, Major Investigation Team (West), said:
“From our enquiries so far we understand that there was an altercation between Mr Dunn and another person in the house in Marigold Square which resulted in him being fatally injured.

“We believe the suspect ran from the back of the house into rear gardens and then onto Kincaidston Drive, which is main thoroughfare and would have been quite busy at this time of the day.

“I would ask that anyone who may have seen this person running off – maybe in to a car or perhaps a taxi – contact police.

“If you have any mobile phone or dash-cam footage that you think may assist our enquiry, then please get in touch."

Information can be passed to officers at Ayr Police Station via 101. Please quote reference number 2400 of 8 February, 2020 when calling. Details can also be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
