```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious sexual assault - Dawsholm Park, Maryhill, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/serious-sexual-assault-dawsholm-park-maryhill-glasgow/
```

**Published 5th June 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses as part of their ongoing investigation into a report of a serious sexual assault in the Maryhill area of Glasgow.

A 16-year-old girl was attacked by a man near to the Ilay Road entrance of Dawsholm Park around 8.30 pm on Monday, 1 June, 2020.

The suspect is described as possibly mixed race, tall, average build, with short dark curly hair and was wearing shorts and a t-shirt.

Detective Inspector Gerry Shovlin is appealing for anyone who was in the park around that time to come forward. He said:

"The girl had previously been in the company of other people but around 8 pm she became separated from them. As she made her way out of the park she was approached by a man and attacked.

"Thankfully, she was able to make her way to a nearby supermarket where the police were called.

"Specialist trained officers have been supporting the girl and additional officers have been searching the area, checking CCTV and carrying out enquires within Dawsholm Park and the surrounding area since this was reported.

"Because of the weather that day the park was busy with people so I am appealing to anyone who was in the area, particularly between 8 pm and 9 pm, who may have seen anything that could assist our investigation to come forward.

"It doesn't matter if you think it's just minor, your information might just be the detail we are looking for.

"Any information can be passed to police via 101. Please quote reference number 4107 of 1 June, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
