```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Eight people arrested for domestic abuse offences in Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/eight-people-arrested-for-domestic-abuse-offences-in-aberdeen/
```

Eight people have been arrested in Aberdeen during five days of action targeting serious domestic abuse in the Mastrick area of the city.

Officers from the Mastrick Community Policing Team lead the activity between 30 September to 4 October, working with colleagues from Police Scotland's Domestic Abuse Task Force and in partnership with Grampian Women's Aid.

As a result one woman and seven men have been charged. Reports will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal and all are expected to appear in court in due course.

Sergeant Lisa Kerr of the Mastrick Community Policing Team said:

"Nobody should live in fear of physical or emotional abuse in their own home

"We work closely with a range of partners to ensure victims are treated sensitively, while also ensuring we maximise every opportunity to bring offenders to justice.

"We know that reporting domestic abuse is a big step for anyone to take but I want to assure people that our officers are here to help anyone who is in need of their aid every single day of the year.

​"We work closely with partner agencies in the North East to support victims and we want to continue to encourage victims of domestic abuse to come forward and not suffer in silence.

"If you, or anyone who know, are being abused or may be risk of abuse then please call 101 or 999 in an emergency at any time."

Sandra Copland of Women's Aid said:

"Grampian Women's Aid support Police Scotland in taking theses proactive steps to deal with domestic abuse. The key message is for women experiencing abuse is that they do not have to wait to seek help. Grampian Women's Aid can assist women to help keep safe, even if they don't want to report to the police."
