```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Motorists urged to drive safely
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/motorists-urged-to-drive-safely/
```

**Published 17 April 2020**

Police Scotland is reminding motorists of the importance of being safe on the roads after a number of people were detected driving at high speeds as well as drink or drug driving over the Easter weekend.

Between 10 and 14 April, 10 people were detected for high level speeding offences and 16 people were detected for drink or drug driving offences by Road Policing officers*.

Notable incidents include:
• A 23-year-old man has been reported in connection with dangerous driving after being detected travelling at 70mph in a 40mph limit and in excess of 100mph in a 60mph limit on the A96 near Forres on 10 April.
• A 56-year-old man has been charged in connection with drink driving after being observed by officers driving in an erratic manner in Kirkcaldy on 10 April. He was found to be 4 times over the alcohol limit.
• A 25-year-old man has been reported after being detected at 118mph on the M8 near Chapelhall on 10 April.
• A 28-year-old woman detected at over three times the alcohol limit on the A9 near Halkirk, Caithness on 11 April.
• On 11 April, a 21-year-old man in Inverness was arrested in connection with alleged drug driving after failing a roadside drug test and had his vehicle seized due to having no insurance. Enquiries are ongoing.
• A 19-year-old man involved in a collision in Wick on 12 April was found to be over three times the alcohol limit.
• A 29-year-old man has been reported in connection with dangerous driving after being detected in excess of 130mph on the A90 between Peterhead and Ellon on 12 April.
• A 34-year-old man was charged after being stopped on 12 April on the A9 near to the A824 Auchterarder and arrested after failing a roadside drug test.
• A 26-year-old woman has been charged with road traffic offences including drink driving, failing to stop and report a collision, no insurance and careless driving following a crash in Alness during the early hours of 13 April.
• In Edinburgh, three men and three women have been charged after being detected driving at speeds between 61mph and 71mph in a 40mph limit on the A90 at Cramond during the morning of 14 April.
• A 35-year-old man has been charged after being detected driving at 90mph in a 70mph limit and 80mph and 70mph in a 50mph limit on the A720 Edinburgh City Bypass.

Superintendent Simon Bradshaw, from the Road Policing Division said: “Drink or drug driving is never acceptable and it is astonishing to see people behave so recklessly, particularly when we all need to be doing our bit to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Officers remain on patrol on the road network and in local communities to deal with illegal driving behaviour in order to keep people safe. While the roads may be quieter as the majority of people stay at home, there still remains the potential for unexpected changes to road conditions, such as the presence of pedestrians or deer and other wildlife. Nobody can predict what is around the corner and speeding or driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs significantly increases your chances of being involved in a crash.

“The consequences of speeding or drink or drug driving can be fatal and it simply is not worth the risk. Now, more than ever, we urge motorists to drive safely and legally and to pay heed to government guidance on staying at home.”
