```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Continued appeal following death of woman, Restalrig, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/continued-appeal-following-death-of-woman-restalrig-edinburgh/
```

**Published 31 January 2020**

Police in Edinburgh are continuing to appeal for information following the death of an elderly woman from the Restalrig area of the city a week ago

Margaret Grant, aged 79, died in hospital following a disturbance and assault at a property in Restalrig Circus around 6.50pm on Friday, 24 January. Her death is being investigated as suspicious and an image of Margaret has now been released.

This evening (Friday, 31 January), a week since Margaret died, both uniformed and plain clothes officers will be speaking to people in the Restalrig area.

In particular, officers are seeking information on a man who entered Margaret's property and stole from her before leaving on foot. Indications are that he may have targeted Margaret's address.

The suspect is described as white, aged between 20 and 30-years-old, about 5ft 6ins tall with combed long black hair and a Scottish accent. He was wearing a black top which may have had white lower sleeves, and dark trousers.

Detective Chief Inspector Kevin Houliston, from the Major Investigation Team in Edinburgh, said: “Officers are following a positive line of enquiry but we are still working to establish the full circumstances of what happened and our thoughts remain with Margaret’s family. They have asked for privacy at this difficult time.

“Anyone who may have seen anything in the Restalrig Circus area around the time of this disturbance, however insignificant they may think it was, should get in touch. Likewise if anyone has dash-cam footage that might help with our investigation, please call us.”

Those with information should call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 3175 of Friday, 24 January, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
