```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following road crash near Lochearnhead, Stirlingshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-following-road-crash-near-lochearnhead-stirlingshire/
```

Police in Forth Valley are appealing for information following a four vehicle road crash near Lochearnhead.

The incident happened around 6pm on Sunday, 30 August, 2020 on the A84 at Lochearnhead, near to the Glen Ogle Viaduct, involving three motorbikes and a Range Rover car.

Emergency services attended the scene and a 32-year-old man, who was the rider of one of the motorbikes, was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with serious injuries.

There were no other serious injuries.

The road was closed for around 9 hours to allow officers to carry out their investigations.

Sergeant David Marr, of Stirling Road Policing, said: “One man has sustained serious injuries as a result of this crash and we are looking for the public’s help to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

“Thankfully there were no other serious injuries to those involved and I would ask if anyone has any information that they contact police.

“Although this took place in a rural area, the road is often busy with other motorists who may have witnessed the crash.

“If you were in the area at the time or have possible dashcam footage that could assist with our investigation, I would ask that you get in touch with officers.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 1804 of Sunday, 30 August, 2020.”
