```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Cars set on fire in Viewpark, Uddingston
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/cars-set-on-fire-in-viewpark-uddingston/
```

Detectives are continuing enquiries following two wilful fire raisings in Viewpark, Uddingston.

The first incident happened around 9pm on 13 November, when a white Ford Fiesta, parked in Johnstone Crescent, Viewpark, was deliberately set on fire. A dark coloured C-Max vehicle was also seen in the area and it’s believed those responsible for the fire got into this vehicle after setting fire to the Fiesta.

The second incident occurred around 8pm on 14 November, in Burnhead Street, Viewpark. A white VW Golf parked on the street was targeted and set on fire.

Officers have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries in the area and are continuing to review CCTCV footage in the surrounding areas, looking for additional information on the Ford C-Max vehicle.

Detective Constable Murray McMillan said: “There is no evidence to suggest these incidents are linked but we are not ruling anything out. I am appealing to local people in the area to think back, did you see anything at these locations that looked odd or suspicious, did you see anyone hanging around the areas, did you see the Ford C-Max? Any small piece of information could help us trace those responsible for these crimes. In particular, I would ask anyone with a dash cam to check their footage as it may have captured images which could assist our investigation”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident numbers 3935 of 13 November and/or 3400 of 14 November. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where you can give information anonymously.
