```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Attempted robbery, Jedburgh, Scottish Borders
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/attempted-robbery-jedburgh-scottish-borders/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Officers in the Scottish Borders are appealing for information following the attempted robbery of an elderly woman in Jedburgh.

A 79-year-old woman was sitting at the rear of her property in Smiths Wynd at around 3.20pm on Thursday, 7 May, when she was approached by a man who appeared to be a delivery driver.

He walked up her driveway and asked her to take a parcel for her neighbour. He then tried to physically force her into her home and demanded money. When she refused to follow his demands he made off on Queen Street in a northbound direction.

The suspect is described as white, 5ft 8ins and aged in his 50s or 60s. He was wearing a bright yellow high visibility vest, a black top, black trousers, a dark beanie style hat and a medical style face mask.

Detective Constable Sandy Blacklock, of Galashiels CID, said: “This was a despicable attempt to rob a lady who was sitting outside at her property. Fortunately she was able to stand her ground and push the man away. Although not physically hurt, this has left her feeling very upset.

“The man approached from the Queen Street area of the town and left in the same direction. His appearance was quite distinctive and we are appealing to anyone who saw him to get in touch.

“Anyone who was driving in the area at the time and who may have dash-cam footage that can assist with our enquiries is also asked to get in touch. Likewise, anyone with CCTV that may show something is requested to make contact with officers.

“If you any information that can help please call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 2533 of Thursday, 7 May. Or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
