```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Chief Constable participates in Scottish Government coronavirus briefing
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/chief-constable-participates-in-scottish-government-coronavirus-briefing/
```

**Chief Constable Iain Livingstone QPM joined First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Deputy Chief Medical Officer Dr Nicola Steedman at the Scottish Government’s coronavirus briefing today.**

The following is a transcript of his opening remarks -

On behalf of everyone in policing in Scotland, I extend our deepest sympathies and support to the family of our colleague from the Metropolitan Police who was tragically shot dead on duty in the early hours this morning and to our colleagues in the Metropolitan Police and the people of London. The thoughts of the whole of the policing family are with those who have lost a loved family member, a friend and a close colleague.

I thank everyone across Scotland for stepping forward over the last six months to make the changes and sacrifices required to combat the spread of coronavirus – changes and sacrifices necessary to protect each other, to protect our families, and to protect our communities.

The experience of the last six months is that the great majority of people continue to take personal responsibility and do the right thing because at this moment in time, physical distancing is the single intervention that can be made to save lives.

I know guidance and regulations have been changing quickly and often, and at times it can be a challenge to keep up to date. Highly restrictive measures on our lives, freedoms, and daily routines are indeed in place.

Fundamentally, policing is here to support people, from all of Scotland’s communities and groups, to help everyone to do the right thing, to prevent the spread of the virus.

I would again underline my admiration and compassion for young people who have responded so well to the pandemic during such an important time of their lives.

Of course, many young people have recently started or returned to further education, including one of my children. As the First Minister outlined, and as I know, this is an incredibly tough set of circumstances for students to face.

We in Police Scotland have been working closely with universities and colleges who have taken steps to support our students. We have very good, long standing relationships with tertiary education.

To our students, I would ask you to engage with your universities and colleges and listen to the advice being provided.

Tonight and over the weekend, pubs and restaurants must close at 10pm. Additional officers will be deployed across Scotland to support colleagues from Local Authorities and to monitor compliance.

It’s important for me to say, the vast majority of licensees have acted with great responsibility during a very challenging period. I pay credit to them and policing will support and work with licensed trade.

Officers will continue to use good sense and exercise the discretion that is integral to the office of Constable, working with the citizens we serve to support the implementation of these new rules.

And we police officers and staff, and our families, are of, and from, the community and have the same anxieties and worries. As we have seen so tragically today in London, officers and staff continue to put themselves in harm’s way to protect their fellow citizens. I am grateful for, and pay personal and heartfelt tribute to, them and their families for their commitment to public service and dedication to helping people at all times.

I would say to everyone in Scotland, please, work with us. Demonstrate personal responsibility and common sense, and play your part in the national effort to prevent the virus spreading.

Policing is hugely thankful for the overwhelming levels of support, co-operation, and compliance we see from our fellow citizens every single day.

However, there will always be a minority of people who flagrantly disregard the rules.

From the outset of this emergency, on one fundamental issue, the consistent advice has been very clear. Indoor gatherings of people from multiple households can allow the virus to spread and should be avoided. As of now, there is a legal duty on us all, subject to legitimate exemptions, not to visit other people’s houses.

And what is absolutely clear is that house parties and house gatherings are not permitted under any circumstances. There can be no excuse for arranging or attending a house party. You must not organise, host, or attend a house party. It is against the law.

And where officers encounter blatant, wilful, persistent breaches we will act decisively. We will enforce the law.

Finally, I have said a number of times that, sadly, home is not a safe place for everyone.

Supporting those at additional risk when at home or online remains a significant concern and priority for policing. I urge anyone with concerns for themselves, their families or their neighbours, to contact the police.

The Police Service of Scotland is here to keep everyone safe. Please, let’s continue to support each other in our shared purpose.

Thank you.

**We publishinformation on the policing response to coronavirus on a regular basis.**
