```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following wilful fire-raising in Ayr
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/appeal-following-wilful-fire-raising-in-ayr/
```

### **Published 22 April 2020**

Police Scotland and the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service in Ayrshire are making a further appeal for information after a 4G phone mast was set on fire in Ayr.

Around 11.10pm on Thursday, 9 April, police received reports of a 4G phone mast on fire at Fulshaw Wood Farm, just off Whitletts roundabout at the A77. The fire was extinguished by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and nobody was injured as a result.

The incident caused £50,000 worth of damage. Extensive forensic examinations have taken place and items have been seized for analysis.

Chief Inspector Brian Anderson, Area Commander for South Ayrshire said: “We are appealing to members of the public who may have any information relating to this deliberate fire to come forward”.

“There are no 5G phone masts in Ayrshire at this time and it is important to point out that the consequences for those who engage in such activity could be very unsafe for them and others in the community.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3972 of 9 April, 2020, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Group Commander Kenny Hankinson, Scottish Fire and Rescue Service Head of Prevention and Protection for Ayrshire, said

"Deliberate fire-setting is a dangerous and unacceptable act at any time but particularly when emergency services are working together to protect communities during the present pandemic.

"Those who set fires need to understand what they see as a spontaneous act can have devastating costs and consequences.

"Setting a fire can endanger human life, homes, businesses and areas of nature.

"It also has the potential to divert firefighters away from genuine emergencies where lives may be at risk.

"We know it's a very small minority of people who behave in such a way and we will continue to work in close partnership with our police partners to prevent such incidents wherever possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3972 of 9 April, 2020, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
