```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following robbery in Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-robbery-in-coatbridge/
```

**Published 26 May 2020**

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information following a robbery in Coatbridge.

The incident happened around 8.15pm on Monday, 25 May, 2020 at USave mini market on Corsewall Street.

Three men entered the store and threatened the shop keeper before leaving with a high five figure sum of money.

The first suspect is described as white, 35-40-years-old with a muscular build, around 6ft 1in tall with fair short hair. He was wearing a black zipper top, blue jeans, a black mask over his face and speaking with a Glasgow accent.

A second suspect has been described as white, in his 30s with a slim build and around 5ft 10in tall. He was wearing a black baseball cap with red writing with a possible letter A badge on the front, a black coloured bandana covering the mouth area, a black coloured zipper, black jeans and military style shiny boots.

The final suspect spoke with a Newcastle accent.

Detective Inspector Gordon Sneddon, of Coatbridge CID, said: “Thankfully nobody was injured as a result of this incident but those involved have been left evidently shaken.

“We believe this was a carefully executed plan and we are seeking the public’s help to try and trace those responsible.

“I would ask those who were in the area at the time to contact police if they have any information that could assist with our investigation.

“If you notice anyone matching these descriptions or have possible dashcam footage of the area, please get in touch with officers.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 3515 of Monday, 25 May, 2020.”
