```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following robbery in Cavendish Street, Glasgow.
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-following-robbery-in-cavendish-street-glasgow/
```

Officers are appealing for help in relation to a robbery which happened in the early hours of Wednesday, 19 August, 2020, in Glasgow.

Around 1.15am on Wednesday morning a 64-year-old man was making his way home when he was pushed to the ground and robbed. The incident happened on the footpath in Cavendish Street, near to its junction with Abbotsford Place in Glasgow. The victim had his mobile phone and other personal items stolen in the robbery.

Constable Jamie Whitton at Govan Police Office said: “Whilst the man was not physically injured as such he was left in a state of shock after this incident. A man we want to speak to is described as being white, Scottish, around 5’8” tall, dark coloured hair and was wearing a black coloured jacket and blue coloured jeans. He was last seen running from Abbotsford Place into Devon Street.

"I would ask anyone who may have been in this area to come forward if they saw or heard anything which might help in this investigation. Likewise, any drivers who may have been on these streets at that time in a vehicle fitted with a dash-cam is asked to examine the device to see if it has any footage which might assist us. Callers can contact police on the 101 number, and should quote the reference number 0198 of 19 August 2020. Anyone wishing to pass on any information while remaining anonymous can do so through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
