```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Travel warning - high winds and snow - 11th February
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/travel-warning-high-winds-and-snow-11th-february/
```

**Published 11 February 2020**

Police Scotland is advising drivers that the Met Office has issued Weather Warnings for Wind and Snow there is a HIGH RISK OF DISRUPTION FOR ROAD JOURNEYS throughout Scotland. All Scotland’s local authority areas will be affected.

Frequent showers continuing to move from west to east across Scotland, carried by strong westerly winds gusts 30-40mph and locally 50-60mph on higher routes or in association with heavier showers. Previous overnight accumulations prone to drifting, mostly in northwest and highest routes in south, and any falling snow (blowing snow) likely to reduce visibility significantly on roads.

Southern routes seeing occasional snow showers this morning but potential these may turn more organised and frequent this afternoon and evening. Above 150m the potential for snow accumulations to build up relatively quickly e.g. A702 A7 M74 A76 but not on all parts of a route; the potential for disruption from very localised higher accumulations. Strong winds from the west will continue to lead to blowing snow and very poor visibility for road users, in addition to the potential for drifting of any lying accumulations.

The heaviest and most frequent showers are most likely for northwest routes with blizzard conditions, and potential for drifting of lying snow on exposed routes.

Central routes seeing occasional heavy showers falling initially as wet snow mix but increasingly turning to snow as the day goes on. Potential for snow showers down to 100m or so (lower in heavier showers) e.g. M77, M90, M80 Robroyston to Cumbernauld and routes into Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Widespread frost overnight, coldest roads in east, with ice risk and some treatment wash off possible from showers.

You can expect travel delays on roads stranding some vehicles and passengers, possible delays or cancellations to rail and air travel. Power cuts may occur and other services, such as mobile phone coverage, may be affected. Delays for high-sided vehicles on exposed routes and bridges are likely. There may be some injuries from slips and falls on icy surface. There will be icy patches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths.If you do travel you are likely to experience significant delays. Congestion caused by all vehicles may restrict the emergency services, recovery vehicles from providing essential assistance.

Drivers of Goods Vehicles and Buses should drive with extreme caution and be aware that you may be requested to park at a suitable position by the police.

Winter driving is a question of common sense and all drivers should ask themselves if they really need to travel when conditions are poor. No-one should ever place themselves at risk on the road and it may be worth making alternative arrangements such as delaying travel until conditions improve or using suitable public transport.

If you are travelling on the roads you should ensure you and your vehicle are adequately prepared for the conditions, making sure you have sufficient fuel and supplies such as warm clothing, food and water in the event you are delayed. Charge your mobile phone and plan your route as well as alternative routes.

Police Scotland and their transport partners remind road users to adhere to road signs and instructions from emergency services for the duration of the weather warnings. This will direct road users to suitable and safe diversion routes. Any restrictions are put in place to keep road users safe.

Please do not use the police emergency or non-emergency 101 phone numbers to obtain weather or travel updates.

Listen to media broadcasts especially local radio and Traffic Scotland Radio or visit www.trafficscotland.org. For public transport information visit www.travelinescotland. Follow @policescotland and @trafficscotland on Twitter for regular and up to date travel information.

The Multi Agency Response Team (MART) based at the Traffic Scotland National Control Centre at South Queensferry will operate alongside the Transport Scotland Resilience Room between 0700-2300 hours Monday and Tuesday. The telephone number for the Police MART Desk is 0131 203 7510.
