```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information following serious assault - Innerleithen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-for-information-following-serious-assault-innerleithen/
```

**Published 21 January 2020**

Police are appealing for information after a man was seriously assaulted in Innerleithen, Scottish Borders, on Monday 20 January 2020.

Between 9.30 pm and 10 pm last night, a 31-year-old man was attacked by a man and two women outside a block of flats in Caddon Court, Innerleithen. He sustained injuries to his head and was taken by ambulance to Borders General Hospital, Galashiels, where he was treated and has since been discharged.

The suspects are described as:

Male, white, 5ft 8 tall, missing teeth
Female, white, 5ft 8 tall, long blonde hair
Female, white, 5ft 4 tall, dark hair

Detective Constable Narelle Allan, Galashiels Police Station, said:

“From our enquiries so far, we believe the injured man had been involved in an altercation earlier with a man and two women and that this attack was as a result of that.

“We would ask anyone who was in the area at the time, who may have seen or heard anything that will assist our enquiry, to come forward. We are particularly keen to hear from a woman who was seen helping the injured man after the attack.”

Any information can be passed to officers at Galashiels Police Station via 101. Please quote reference number 3877 of 20 January 2020 when calling. Alternatively, details can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
