```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '4'
  month: December
  reference: '2530'
title: Appeal for information following attempted murder in Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-murder-in-greenock/
```

Detectives are continuing enquiries following an attempted murder in Greenock on Friday, 4 December, 2020.

Around 4pm, three people were walking along Inverkip Road, near the IMO car wash, when a silver Ford Connect van mounted the pavement and drove at them. The van struck the side of a 35-year-old man. The man later attended hospital and was released without treatment for minor injuries. The other two people, a man and a woman were uninjured.

Police are treating the incident as attempted murder and officers are checking CCTV footage for any relevant information which could assist their enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Stuart Young said: “I am appealing to anyone who was in area around the time of the incident to contact us. This incident could have been much worse, to mount a pavement and directly drive at people is incredibly dangerous and unacceptable. That is why I’m urging anyone with any information on this incident to contact us. In particular, I would ask anyone with a dash cam to please check their footage as it may have captured footage which could assist us in our investigation.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 2530 of 4 December, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
