```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after serious crash in Wishaw
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-after-serious-crash-in-wishaw/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a serious road crash in Wishaw on Saturday, 26 December, 2020.

Around 9.05pm on Saturday evening, a 19 year-old man was driving a Vauxhall Astra southbound on Coltness Road towards Wishaw. As he approached its junction with North Dryburgh Road, it appears that the vehicle lost control and struck a garden wall.

Emergency services attended. A 19 year-old passenger was taken by Ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow where she is being treated for a head injury. Hospital staff describe her condition as serious.

The 19 year-old driver and a 16 year-old female passenger where both taken to University Hospital Wishaw, where the driver remains in a stable condition. The 16 year old was later discharged.

Sergeant Scott Sutherland from the Road Policing Unit at Motherwell said: “Our investigation into the cause of this crash is ongoing and I would appeal to any witnesses to the crash, or anyone with information that may assist our enquiry to come forward.

“ I would also ask anyone who was driving on Coltness Road around the time of the crash who has dash-cam footage to contact us, as they may hold information that will help our investigation.”

Anyone with information should contact the Road Policing Unit based at Motherwell through 101, quoting reference 3232 of 26 December.
