```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man to be reported over livestock issues affecting the A9
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/man-to-be-reported-over-livestock-issues-affecting-the-a9/
```

**Published 3rd June 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm a man is to be reported in connection with failing to manage livestock which had been affecting the A9 in Sutherland.

Following numerous complaints from members of the public Police Scotland attended at a farm near Dornoch on Tuesday, 2 June, along with partner agencies including BEAR Scotland, the Animal and Health Plant Agency and the Scottish Government Rural Payments and Inspections Division.

A 71 year-old man has been charged and will be the subject of a report to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.

PC Martin Macrae of the Road Policing Unit in Dingwall said

"Police Scotland is committed to keeping people safe on the country's roads.

"Members of the public have raised concerns regarding the continual presence of sheep and cattle on this section of the A9 truck road at Cambusavie, north of Dornoch.

"The presence of livestock running loose on a main route presents a real road safety risk to drivers and our more vulnerable road users, such as motorcyclists, where the consequences could be devastating.

"Previous efforts to resolve this matter have failed to prevent the situation from continuing and we have worked closely with our partner agencies and the farmer will now be the subject of a report to the Procurator Fiscal."

Vivienne Mackinnon, Animal and Plant Health Agency Veterinary Lead North Scotland, said:

“Anyone who keeps livestock has a duty to protect the welfare of the animals in their care, including from potential injuries caused by road traffic accidents. In this case, not only were the animals at risk but also the public. We urge farmers, landowners and livestock keepers to ensure that their animals are kept safely away from busy roads.”

Eddie Ross, BEAR Scotland’s North West Representative, said:

“Trunk road safety is of paramount importance and we’re supporting Police Scotland and other key stakeholders to help address the issue of livestock reaching the A9 near Cambusavie Bends. "
