```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Festive message from Chief Superintendent Linda Jones
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/festive-message-from-chief-superintendent-linda-jones/
```

This has been a relentlessly difficult year for families across Dumfries and Galloway. Some have suffered illness and bereavement and made significant sacrifices in the collective effort to control the spread of coronavirus.

I would like to thank them and the rest of you in our communities, for the overwhelming personal responsibility you have demonstrated in doing the right thing to keep you and your loved ones safe.

Your local officers and police staff have been a key part of the public health response, explaining the rules and encouraging the high levels of co-operation we have seen across the area.

Our response will not be compromised when we move from Level 1 to Level 4 on Boxing Day - nor will it be affected by our imminent departure from the EU and the potential operational demands which this could place on us.

The Chief Constable has authorised a doubling of our operational presence on the roads in the Borders area, as well as an increase of patrols across the whole of Scotland.

Highly visible patrols proactively deployed on our road networks will deter people who might be considering breaching the coronavirus travel restrictions.

He also made it clear that he does not consider it appropriate or proportionate for officers to establish check points or road blocks to simply enforce these travel restrictions.

As a single national service, Police Scotland can quickly flex its resources to provide the operational presence required and you have my assurance that this will not affect our ability or our commitment to keep you safe despite the demands placed on us.

Our policing principles and approach have not changed and will not change. Officers will demonstrate compassion and empathy and exercise discretion to understand individual circumstances and help you do the right thing.

Equally, as you would expect, where we encounter wilful, persistent or blatant breaches we will continue to act decisively to enforce the law.

The Chief Constable has underlined that these duties will be carried out by dedicated officers and staff who, as always at this time of year, are working to keep people safe.

And he has paid tribute to officers, staff and their families for their commitment to public service and made a personal plea to the public to continue to support them.

Christmas and New Year can be a lonely time for some people, putting them at risk of harm and vulnerability. If you, or anyone you know, needs help please contact us. We are here to help.

On behalf of all the officers and staff here at Dumfries and Galloway policing division, I wish you a safe and happy Christmas. We look forward to serving you in what we hope will be a prosperous and exciting New Year, and thank you once again for taking personal responsibility to keep everyone safe in these unprecedented times.
