```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: September
  reference: '3159'
title: Attempted murder of man in Bridge Street, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/attempted-murder-of-man-in-bridge-street-glasgow/
```

Detectives are continuing enquiries following a disturbance in Glasgow on Sunday, 6 September, 2020.

Around 7:15pm police received a report a disturbance involving up to six people in Bridge Street (near the Sou’western Tavern). A 46-year old man sustained serious injuries in the incident and was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where, medical staff describe his condition as critical.

Police are treating the incident as attempted murder.

Enquiries have also revealed another man may have been injured in the disturbance. However, officers believe his injuries are minor as he has been seen on city centre CCTV footage entering bars and clubs after the incident occurred.

The first suspect is white, in his 20-30s, with short dark hair. He was wearing a long-sleeved green jumper, black jogging trousers with red and white stripes down the side and red and white trainers.

The second suspect is Asian, in his 20-30s, with a black jacket and black hooded top underneath, black shorts on top of black leggings, black trainers and a black baseball cap.

The third suspect is female, white, in her 20-30s, with long dark hair. She was wearing a grey coat, a light coloured top, blue jeans and grey trainers.

The fourth suspect is also female, white and in her 20-30s. She has long dark hair and was wearing a white hooded top with a red love heart motif, blue jeans and white trainers.

Officers are gathering available CCTV footage from in and around the area to review for any further information.

Detective Sergeant Steven Slater said: “At this stage, we do not know what has provoked this attack. We are carrying out enquiries to locate the second man who may have suffered minor injuries as we are sure he has information which will be integral to our investigation. I would also like to appeal to members of the public who were in the area last night, particularly any motorists or taxi drivers with dash cams, to contact us. Potentially, your camera could have captured images with could assist with our enquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 3159 of 3 September, 2020. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
