```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man sentenced for domestic abuse against multiple women, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/man-sentenced-for-domestic-abuse-against-multiple-women-glasgow/
```

**Published 8th June 2020**

A man has today (Monday, 8 June, 2020) been sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow for domestic abuse against multiple partners.

Craig Harkins, 40, from Castlemilk received an extended sentence of 17-years, including 12-years in prison after being convicted on Monday, 3 February following a two week trial.

The offences were committed over a period of time between 2011 and 2019 against seven women including four of Harkins ex-partners.

Harkins was found guilty of 16 charges against the women including five charges of rape, four charges of serious assault, indecent assault and numerous associated charges of assault and threatening behaviour, including the use of knives. He perpetrated controlling and emotionally abusive behaviour on his partners.

Detective Inspector Iain Renfrew from the Domestic Abuse Task Force said: “Harkins subjected his victims to terrifying physical and emotional abuse, often within their own homes, and I would like to commend all the women who spoke up for their bravery.

“This investigation spanned eight months and saw officers working tirelessly to trace all of Harkins victims to ensure we could secure a successful conviction. This conviction sends out a clear message that domestic abuse crimes will be robustly investigated by Police Scotland and has no place in our society.

“I hope that victims of domestic abuse see this sentence today and find the courage to step forward and speak out.

“If you are experiencing abuse, I would encourage you to contact either police, on 101, or our partners who can provide reassurance and advice about how to take those next steps.
