```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information following break-ins - Cromarty
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-for-information-following-break-ins-cromarty/
```

Police in the Highlands are appealing for information following two break-ins to properties in the Cromarty area of the Black Isle.

The incidents took place overnight between Wednesday, 2 September and Thursday, 3 September, 2020 at a business premises on Canon Street, Davidston and a farm just off the A832 where various items were stolen from both locations.

The suspect is described as a white male of an average build and around 6ft tall.

At the time of the incidents, he was wearing a white baseball cap, a green/navy snood, navy coloured fleece jacket, dark worker's combat style trousers with a green pocket cover and red/black gloves. He also had a dark coloured watch on his left wrist.

Officers believe these incidents are linked and are appealing for assistance to try and identify the man responsible.

Acting Sergeant Alasdair Lee, of Dingwall Community Policing, said: “We are appealing to anyone who may have any information relating to these incidents.

“Although this happened through the night, we would ask if anyone noticed anyone acting suspicious in the area to contact officers.

“We believe that both incidents are linked and we would encourage members of the local community to contact police if they have any information that could assist with our investigation.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 0458 of Thursday, 3 September, 2020.”
