```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three men charged in connection with fraud incidents in Aberdeen and Stirling
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/three-men-charged-in-connection-with-fraud-incidents-in-aberdeen-and-stirling/
```

Police Scotland has charged three men in connection with a series of fraud related incidents in Aberdeen and Stirling.

Over the past two weeks, police have received a number of reports of vulnerable individuals being targeted by criminals claiming to be from the police or representatives of a bank. The criminals have allegedly told victims there was suspicious activity in their account and that a police officer would attend their home to collect their bank card to conduct enquiries or to collect cash withdrawn for safe keeping.

As part of their investigation, officers carried out search warrants at properties in Govan, Glasgow, and Stirling and have arrested and charged three men in connection. Two men, aged 32 and 56, are due to appear at Stirling Sheriff Court on Monday, 23 November, and a 27-year-old man is due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Tuesday, 24 November.

A 22-year-old woman was arrested in connection and released pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Scott McKay, of Aberdeen CID, said: "I’d like to thank those who have assisted with our investigation so far. We continue to carry out enquiries and I’d encourage anyone who believes they may have been the victim of a similar fraud to contact police immediately on 101.

“Working alongside our colleagues in Stirling and Glasgow, we’ve shown that no matter where criminals base themselves within the country, they will be pursued relentlessly until they are arrested.

Detective Inspector Davy MacGregor, of Stirling CID, said: “I would remind people that police officers and representatives from banks will never cold call you and ask you to transfer money to another bank account or to withdraw money to be collected for safe keeping. Whilst these individuals can appear genuine, if you receive a request like this, please terminate any calls and contact the police immediately on 101.

“I’d also urge those with vulnerable family members or friends to highlight these types of crimes. Working together with communities and other partners, we will disrupt those involved."

Anyone with information that may assist ongoing enquiries can contact Police Scotland on 101 or anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Fraud prevention advice
