```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Highland public bodies support World Suicide Prevention Day
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/highland-public-bodies-support-world-suicide-prevention-day/
```

Public bodies in Highland have shared their support for World Suicide Prevention Day which is marked every year on 10 September to raise awareness of how to create a world where fewer people die by suicide. For 2020, 'Working Together to Prevent Suicide’ has been retained as the theme for World Suicide Prevention Day.

Superintendent Ross McKillop of Police Scotland Highlands and Islands Division, and Chair of the Highland area Multi Agency Suicide Prevention Forum, said: “We and our partners support the global movement to raise awareness of suicide prevention and support. In Scotland, on average 2 people took their own life every day last year. Every life lost represents someone’s partner, child, parent, friend or colleague.

"We can all play a role in preventing suicides. Research suggests that open and honest communication about mental ill-health helps towards suicide prevention. Conversations have the power to increase awareness and understanding, remind people they are not alone and help break the stigma which can be a barrier for those seeking help."

Leader of the Highland Council, Cllr Margaret Davidson said: "We have all found ourselves in challenging circumstances during the coronavirus pandemic and as we now turn our attention to the future, it’s important to remember that others around us may be struggling. All too often, we don’t talk about suicide until it’s too late. We want to shift the way our society approaches the issue of suicide to be able to save lives. We know that talking saves lives – whether we’re in distress ourselves or talking to somebody who is struggling."

As part of the Scottish Suicide Prevention Action Plan a new campaign is being launched on World Suicide Prevention Day. Further information can be found at www.unitedtopreventsuicide.org.uk.

Head of Health Improvement at NHS Highland, Cathy Steer explains ‘the United to Prevent Suicide campaign aims tackle the stigma around suicide and to unite people behind a shared belief that we all have a part to play in preventing suicide. We need to improve our knowledge and skills in suicide prevention and the national action plan aims to develop new learning resources, available to everyone.

"Working together local partners in Highland have been adapting suicide prevention training to deliver to staff online. We would also like to remind anyone seeking information that a Prevent Suicide - Highland App can be downloaded for free and provides a wide range of advice, support and guidance on suicide prevention and intervention."

The app can be downloaded at the following links:

For Apple devices - iTunes Store:

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/prevent-suicide-highland/id1436026798

For Android devices - Google Play Store:

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.faffdigital.PSHighland

If you, or someone you know needs support in relation to suicide, you can also call

Samaritans on 116 123 or

Breathing Space on 0800 83 85 87 or

Mikeysline on 07779303303 (text only).

#WSPD2020
#UnitedToPreventSuicide
#PreventSuicide–Highland
