```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Remains found on Glenrothes industrial estate identified and man arrested
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/remains-found-on-glenrothes-industrial-estate-identified-and-man-arrested/
```

The identity of remains found at the Whitehill Industrial Estate in Glenrothes in September, 2020, can now be confirmed as those of a 61-year-old man from Fife.

Following extensive enquiries, including the release of a facial reconstruction created by experts at Liverpool John Moores University, officers can confirm the man was Ean Coutts who lived in the village of Kinglassie.

His death is being treated as suspicious and yesterday (Tuesday, 12 January, 2021) a 30-year-old man was arrested in connection with the death and released pending further enquiries.

Enquiries into what happened to Mr Coutts are ongoing, including searches of a number of addresses in the Glenrothes and Kinglassie areas. His family have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Detective Chief Inspector Kevin Houliston, from Police Scotland's Major Investigation Team, said: "We received a significant number of responses following release of the facial reconstruction and I would like to thank all those who contacted us.

“This has allowed us to identify the man as Ean Coutts and my thoughts are with his family at this time. Ean had lived in Kinglassie for a number of years and was well known in the village.

"We are treating his death as suspicious and officers will be carrying out enquiries in and around the Kinglassie and Glenrothes areas as part of our ongoing investigation.

“It Is vital that we establish the events leading up to his death to provide answers to his family.

"I am appealing to anyone who knew Ean, who may have had any contact with him from around August, 2019, and anyone who has information that could assist with our investigation to contact us as a matter of urgency.”

Anyone who can help is asked to make contact by calling 101, quoting incident number 2692 of Sunday, 27 September, 2020, emailing operationrimau@scotland.pnn.police.uk or through the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) website via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT20S26-PO1

Alternatively, anyone wishing to pass information anonymously can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
