```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '20'
  month: October
  reference: '2618'
title: Appeal following robbery, Monreith Avenue, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-following-robbery-monreith-avenue-glasgow/
```

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after an armed robbery at a shop in the city.

The incident happened at a premises on Monreith Avenue around 6.15pm on Tuesday, 20 October, 2020.

An unidentified man entered the store and approached staff at the till and produced a crowbar before handing over a bag and instructing it be filled with money. He left with the three figure sum of cash.

The man is described as being white, around 6ft tall, of a heavy build and spoke with a Glaswegian accent. He was wearing a blue woollen hat which covered his face with eye holes cut out, a dark coat, dark jeans and blue latex gloves.

Police Constable Jacqueline Carmichael of Helen Street police station said: “Although nobody was injured, this was a frightening experience for the staff involved.

“Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the man responsible, including reviewing CCTV from the area.

“Anyone who believes they may have information which could help identify the man or who was in the area at the time of the robbery is urged to contact police as soon as they can. I would also urge anyone who may have been driving in the area to check for any relevant dash-cam footage they may have.”

Those with information can call 101, quoting incident number 2618 of 20 October, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
