```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '17'
  month: January
  reference: '4088'
title: Appeal following break-in at Golf Academy Shop, Gleneagles
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-break-in-at-golf-academy-shop-gleneagles/
```

**Published 19 January 2020**

Police in Tayside are appealing for information following a break-in at the Golf Academy Shop at Gleneagles Golf Course.

Two men forced entry to the store around 10.25pm on Friday, 17 January, 2020. A four-figure sum of golf clubs was stolen from within.

CCTV enquiries show the men travelling to the golf course in a small silver car. They travelled via the A823, turning into Station Road, and left the same way.

The first suspect is described as wearing dark jeans, a black jacket and brown shoes. The second suspect is described as wearing blue jeans, a black jacket and light coloured trainers. Both men were believed to be wearing black balaclavas.

Enquiries are ongoing to trace the men and officers are urging anyone with information to come forward.

Constable Jack Stirling said: "I am appealing to anyone who was in the Gleneagles area between 10 and 10.30pm on Friday to get in touch if they saw or heard anything suspicious. The A823 was busy at that time with numerous cars travelling along the road. Perhaps you saw a car driving or people within behaving suspiciously? If you have any dash-cam footage that you believe could assist with our investigation, please come forward as soon as possible."

"If you have any information in connection with the break-in, no matter how small you think it is, you can contact police on 101, quoting incident number 4088 of 17 January. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 which is 100% confidential."
