```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '14'
  month: January
  reference: 0690
title: Appeal after high value theft of cars from showroom in Elgin
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/appeal-after-high-value-theft-of-cars-from-showroom-in-elgin/
```

Police are appealing for information after cars with a combined value of over £60,000 were stolen from a car showroom in Elgin in the early hours of Thursday, 14 January, 2021.

In the early hours of this morning, three cars, a black Volkswagen T-Roc (SY69WCR), a grey Volkswagen Golf (SX17BAA) and a red Audi A3 (SW66DZY), were stolen from the forecourt of Hawco Garage, The Wards, Elgin.

Around 12.30am, the office was broken into and keys from within were used to steal the vehicles from the forecourt. The vehicles thereafter drove north on the A96, heading towards Nairn.

The three suspects are described as wearing padded jackets, tracksuit bottoms and all had their faces covered.

Detective Sergeant John Pirie, North East CID, said:

"This was quite a daring raid on the garage. Whether these cars were specifically targeted or not has still to be established, however, I have no doubt that those responsible were looking for high value vehicles.

"Although this happened in the early hours of the morning, the garage is in quite a busy area, near to a retail park and residential properties. Officers have been carrying out local enquiries, checking CCTV and have been speaking to local residents of homes overlooking the garage but would also appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time to get in touch.

"We are particularly keen to hear from, for example, delivery drivers, passing taxis or cars in the area and would ask that they check any dash-cam footage they may have from the street from around the time of the crime or prior to the theft occurring.

"The cars were driven off from the garage onto the A96 north towards Nairn, so again, I would ask drivers to have look at their dash-cam if they were on the road around 12.45am this morning,

"If you have any information that you feel may be relevant to our investigation, then please contact officers in Elgin Police Station via 101 quoting reference number 0690 of 14 January, 2021. Alternatively, details can be given anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
