```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lothians and Scottish Borders residents praised
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/lothians-and-scottish-borders-residents-praised/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Residents across the Lothians and Scottish Borders are being praised for their commitment to following the guidance in place to combat coronavirus.

Superintendent Helen Harrison said people had shown overwhelming support for both the instruction to stay at home and the policing response to the pandemic.

Supt Harrison said: “Police Scotland officers are playing a vital role in this effort to combat coronavirus.

“They are out patrolling in communities across the Lothians and Scottish Borders every day and as the Chief Constable has said today, they are being met by high levels of co-operation, consent and compliance.

“I would like to ask that people continue to engage with our officers, who may speak to you, to explain the restrictions and encourage you to comply. Only where people continue to defy the very clear advice, will we use enforcement as a last resort. We have officers carrying out additional patrols across the whole division, focusing attention on areas such as the beaches, country parks and town centres.

“Day-to-day policing continues as well and our officers are still here for anyone in the division who needs help, including those who may have concerns about others being put at risk of harm.

“We know that it has not been easy but while the restrictions remain in place, I would ask that you continue to exercise the same self-discipline and commitment to protect the NHS and save lives.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
