```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault on Buccleuch Street, Edinburgh, Saturday 29 August
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-following-assault-on-buccleuch-street-edinburgh-saturday-29-august/
```

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for information following an assault in the Newington area.

The incident happened around 2.40am on Saturday, 29 August, 2020, on Buccleuch Street near to its junction with North Meadow Walk.

Two men aged 22 and 23-years-old were involved in a verbal argument with three other men and a woman who then assaulted them both.

Both men suffered injury, with the 23-year-old man taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment and released a short time later.

Following the incident the suspects are believed to have ran-off possibly into stair in Buccleuch Street.

All three men are described as being white and in their early twenties. One was around 6ft tall and was wearing all black. The second had short hair, was of a heavy build and wore a grey t-shirt and the third was around 5ft 9in tall, of heaving build and was wearing dark clothing.

The woman is also described as being in her early twenties, had long dark hair and was around 5ft 6ins tall at the time she was wearing a long sleeved white hooded top with dark trousers.

Detective Sergeant John Dunn of Gayfield CID said: “Enquiries are ongoing and we are working to establish the circumstances leading up to this assault.

“We know that the verbal altercation was loud enough to attract the attention of several residents of nearby properties and we keen to talk to anyone who may have heard and seen anything.”

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident 1909 of 29 August or alternatively call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
