```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Update - Human remains confirmed as missing man Tony Parsons
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/update-human-remains-confirmed-as-missing-man-tony-parsons/
```

Police Scotland can confirm that a body discovered near Bridge of Orchy, Argyll and Bute, is Anthony Parsons, who had been missing since 2017.

Mr Parsons travelled from his home in Tillicoultry, Clackmannanshire, on Friday, 29 September, 2017, to Fort William, intending to return home by bicycle and was reported missing on Monday, 2 October, 2017.

He travelled south on the A82 and was last seen around 11.30pm that night outside the Bridge of Orchy Hotel.

On Tuesday, 12 January, 2021, specialist search officers, supported by forensic scientists, discovered his remains in a remote area of ground close to a farm near the A82 at Bridge of Orchy.

Mr Parsons’ body has now been recovered by the police and a post mortem examination will be carried out in the coming days.

The inquiry is being led by detectives from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team, supporting local officers.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan Sommerville said: “This is a difficult and challenging investigation given the remote location and the extreme weather conditions faced by the team.

“We will support Mr Parsons’ family through this very difficult and distressing time as the investigation into his death continues.

“I would like to repeat my thanks to everyone who has assisted our enquiries so far and again urge anyone who may be able to help to come forward."

Anyone with information can to contact Police Scotland via 101, quoting reference 559 of 2 October 2017.

On Wednesday, 30 December, 2020, two men, both aged 29, were arrested and then released pending further enquiries in connection with the disappearance of Mr Parsons. Proceedings are now live under the Contempt of Court Act 1981.

Mr Parsons’ family have asked that they are not approached for comment and that their privacy is respected.
