```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police in Greenock appealing for witnesses after wilful fireraising in Kincaid Court
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/police-in-greenock-appealing-for-witnesses-after-wilful-fireraising-in-kincaid-court/
```

Officers in Greenock are appealing for witnesses after a wilful fireraising attack in the area.

Around 10.25pm on Monday, 28 September, police were called to reports of a fire within a property in Kincaid Court, it is believed this fire was set deliberately, possibly using petrol as an accelerant.

Although nobody was hurt in the fire, it is thought that this was a targeted attack. Substantial damage was caused to the property which was situated within a block of flats. Residents within the same block were evacuated for a short time while the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service extinguished the blaze.

Enquires have established that an electric blue coloured vehicle, possibly a BMW, was seen in the area when the fire was started. It was first spotted around 9.50pm on Monday, 28 September, driving down Ratho Street before entering Oakfield Terrace, it travelled past the junction with Kincaid Court before turning back on itself and turning into Kincaid Court.

The vehicle was seen to loiter in Kincaid Court for a few minutes before two men got out and ran towards the block of flats before returning to the car. The same vehicle left Kincaird Court a short time later, turning left onto Oakfield Terrace travelling towards Ratho Street and again turning left and travelling towards East Hamilton Street.

Around ten minutes later, the electric blue coloured vehicle was seen travelling back down Ratho Street onto Oakfield Terrace and into Kincaid Court and three men were seen to get out and run towards the block of flats. Minutes later all three ran back to the vehicle and it drove away travelling along Oakfield Terrace, left on Ratho Street and towards East Hamilton Street.

Officers do believe that this incident may be linked to other wilful fireraising incidents which have taken place in Greenock over the past couple of weeks and this is forming part of their enquiries.

Detective Superintendent Gerry McBride said: “This is yet another despicable and reckless act of wilful fireraising in our community, and whether linked to previous incidents or not, I would like to reiterate that this behaviour will not be tolerated.

“Thankfully, nobody was within the property when it was set alight, and residents in neighbouring flats were evacuated and did not come to harm. However, this was a targeted attack which could have resulted in serious injury and we will do everything in our power to find those responsible.

“I am pleading to those in the community who might have information to please come forward and tell us what you know. We are also keen to talk to anyone who may have seen the electric blue coloured vehicle described in the area between 9.50pm and 10.20pm to let us know anything you saw.

“We would also like anyone who might have private CCTV or dashcam footage of either the fireraising or the blue vehicle to check and contact police as soon as possible with anything relevant to our enquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting reference number 3742 of Monday, 28 September. Police Scotland had also created a dedicated email address for receiving information regarding investigations into the wilful fireraising in the Greenock area: OperationTell@scotland.pnn.police.uk

Alternatively, if you prefer to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
