```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Dumfries and Galloway Thanked for Continued COVID-19 Support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/dumfries-and-galloway-thanked-for-continued-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in Dumfries and Galloway are thanking the local communities for their continued support and commitment to stay home, protect the NHS and save lives.

Chief Superintendent Linda Jones, divisional commander also encouraged everyone to stick with the government guidance as the restrictions to curb the coronavirus pandemic are extended.

Chief Supt Jones said: “I recognise the significant changes people have made to their daily lives and I am grateful for their overwhelming support.

“I know it can be incredibly difficult at times but as the Chief Constable said today, it remains crucial that everyone continues to play their part.

“Police Scotland officers are patrolling Dumfries and Galloway every day, engaging with people, explaining the legislation and encouraging them to comply.

“Officers are also patrolling our road network to deal with illegal driving behaviour. While the roads may be quieter as the majority of people stay at home, nobody can predict what is around the corner.

“The consequences of speeding or drink or drug driving can be fatal and it simply is not worth the risk. Now, more than ever, we are urging motorists to drive safely and legally and to consider if their travel is essential.

“Our day-to-day work continues as well and it is important that people continue to come forward to report crimes or concerns they might have about someone who could be at risk of harm.

“While I am grateful to our communities for their ongoing support, I would also encourage you to stay home, stay safe and follow the government guidance.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
