```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '6'
  month: December
  reference: '3051'
  year: '2020'
title: Robbery - Bishopbriggs
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/robbery-bishopbriggs/
```

Police are appealing for information after a couple and their neighbour were threatened by men armed with weapons during a robbery in Bishopbriggs on Sunday, 6 December, 2020.

Around 8.15 pm last night, three men armed with weapons, entered a house in Miller Drive, Bishopbriggs, threatened the householders, a 66-year-old man and a woman aged 64 years, before stealing a safe containing personal items and Asian gold jewellery worth a four figure sum.

As they ran out of the house, a neighbour, a man aged 49 years, confronted them but he was lunged at by one of the men brandishing a knife.

The suspects, all men wearing dark clothing and their faces covered, got into a waiting Seat Leon car which drove out of the estate.

Neither the householders nor their neighbour were injured but all have been left very shaken by what happened.

Detective Sergeant Shona Beattie, Community Investigation Unit, Govan Police Station, said:

"Although not injured, this was a very frightening experience for the couple and their neighbour.

"We believe this was a targeted housebreaking with the suspects knowing what they'd find in the house.

"Officers are checking CCTV from the area and carrying out house to house enquiries, but we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen the car driving off at speed towards, or indeed, the car being in the area either prior to the break-in or in days before. We'd ask that people check any dash-cam footage from the street or maybe private CCTV.

"If you have any information that will assist our enquiries, then please contact police via 101 quoting reference number 3051 of 6 December 2020 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
