```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after attempted theft of dog in Linlithgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-after-attempted-theft-of-dog-in-linlithgow/
```

**Published 16 May 2020**

Police in West Lothian are appealing for information after an attempted theft of a dog in Linlithgow. The incident happened around 10pm on Friday, 15 May on Longcroft Gardens.

A 62-year-old man was walking his golden retriever dog from the direction of Falkirk Road when he became aware of three men walking behind him.

As they passed the dog walker two of the men continued walking but one stopped and attempted to grab the dog's lead.

The walker managed to get away with his dog and left in the direction of Falkirk Road.

Enquiries are ongoing and officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have information.

In particular they are keen to speak to anyone who may be able to identify a man described as being white, in his mid-20s, around 5ft 10in tall and slim build with short dark hair. He was wearing a grey long sleeved top, blue jeans and spoke with a local accent.

Detective Constable Lynn Myles of West Lothian CID said: "Fortunately the man was not injured but he was left shaken by this unsettling incident.

"I would urge anyone who may have seen or heard a disturbance in the Longcroft Gardens areas on Friday around this time to let us know.

"I would be particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have private CCTV to review their footage and pass on anything of note to us.

"Anyone with information can contact police on 101, quoting incident 4243 of 15 May, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
