```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Officers in Dundee urge public to stay safe on Bonfire Night
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/officers-in-dundee-urge-public-to-stay-safe-on-bonfire-night/
```

Police in Dundee are supporting local communities to keep people safe around Bonfire Night.

Local officers will be out on patrol during evenings and the weekend to deter antisocial and criminal activity involving fireworks and keep communities safe from disorder and damage.

Bonfire Night weekend is typically one of the busiest times for police and other emergency services in the city.

While working to ensure the safety of the public within the city, officers also looks to preserve the safety of all emergency service workers deployed during Bonfire night weekend.

A zero tolerance approach towards violence and threatening behaviour is being taken and everyone is urged to act responsibly if handling fireworks.

Police Scotland's national initiative, Operation Moonbeam is again in place to support local divisions with a range of additional and specialist resources.

These additional officers can be used if public disorder and violence takes place requiring a more robust response.

Police are also asking parents and guardians to have frank conversations with young people in their care and remind them to behave in a manner that does not put themselves, or others, at risk of harm.

Chief Inspector David McIntosh, Local Area Commander for Dundee, said: "We know that the vast majority of those who purchase fireworks do so in order to enjoy Bonfire Night responsibly. However, a small minority use the Bonfire Night period to get involved in disorder and commit acts of violence and damage.

“Let me make it clear, that such behaviour will not be tolerated and anyone involved in criminality involving fireworks or disorder will be dealt with firmly and robustly.

“For the past three years, we have been able to call upon additional specialist national resources to assist local officers. Once again, these officers are available if they are needed and I'm grateful to have them as an operational consideration.

“While the cancellation of public bonfire displays and the coronavirus restrictions in place is likely to result in a slight reduction in the number of people out and about, we cannot be complacent in terms of preserving public safety.

“The Chief Constable has made it clear that we are asking people to take personal responsibility to do the right thing to aid the collective effort of staying safe, protecting others and saving lives by preventing the virus from spreading. Please do not do anything that puts you in breach of the current restrictions.

“We want everyone to have a great Bonfire Night, but please enjoy it responsibly and help us keep you, and everyone else, safe throughout.”
