```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '11'
  month: July
  reference: '2440'
title: Appeal following dangerous driving on M8
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-dangerous-driving-on-m8/
```

**Published 13 July 2020**

Road policing officers are appealing for witnesses following reports of two cars involved in dangerous driving on the M8 on Saturday, 11 July, 2020.

Between 3.45pm and 4pm, an orange Nissan GT and a white BMW were reported to be racing at speeds in excess of 100mph between Junction 6 Newhouse and Junction 11 Stepps Road.

Enquiries are ongoing into the incident and officers are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the cars driving to contact police if they have not yet already done so.

Constable David Charnley, of Lanarkshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing to anyone who recognises the descriptions of the cars and witnessed speeding or erratic driving from them on the M8 to come forward as soon as possible. If you have a dash-cam, I would ask you to please go back and check footage around that time to see if there is anything that may assist our investigation.

"Road safety is a key priority for Police Scotland and we're committed to improving safety on the roads across Lanarkshire. The dangers of speeding are well-known and is a major contributory factor to serious and fatal collisions. People who speed not only put themselves at risk, but also other members of the public.

"Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to police on 101, quoting reference number 2440 of 11 July. "
