```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '27'
  month: September
  reference: 0935
title: Further witness appeal following assault with intent to rob, Bearsden
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/further-witness-appeal-following-assault-with-intent-to-rob-bearsden/
```

Police in Glasgow are renewing their appeal for witnesses after an assault with intent to rob in Bearsden.

The incident happened around 8.40am on Sunday, 27 September, 2020, on Milngavie Road across from the junction with Kilmardinny Avenue. A 78-year-old woman was walking towards Milngavie when she was approached by a man who pushed her into bushes and tried to steal her handbag. The suspect left the scene towards Bearsden. The victim didn't require hospital treatment.

The suspect is described as a white male, approximately 6ft 2ins tall and of slim build. He was wearing a blue jacket, light coloured trousers and a light coloured cap.

Detective Sergeant Scott McNulty, of Govan CID, said: "Officers have been conducting enquiries and we are particularly keen to speak to two people who we believe were in the area at the time of the incident – a man who was walking a small black dog on a red dog lead and a woman who was wearing dark clothing, walking a dark coloured sheepdog type of dog.

"We would also ask anyone else who was in the area around the time of the incident, including cyclists with footage or anyone with dash-cam footage that can assist our investigation to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 0935 of 27 September.
