```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man convicted of causing death by dangerous driving
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/man-convicted-of-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
```

**Published 5 March 2020**

Police Scotland has acknowledged the conviction and sentencing of Mikey Durdle, who pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.

The 23-year-old from Beauly admitted causing the death of Kyle Robertson, 20, from Inverness in a crash on the A835 near Garve on Sunday, 25 February, 2018.

He was sentenced today at the High Court in Aberdeen to three years imprisonment. He was also disqualified from driving for seven years and a six months.

Sergeant Chris Murray, Police Scotland’s senior investigating officer, said:

"This was a tragic incident which needlessly resulted in death of a young man at just 20-years-old. This incident has had a devastating impact on Kyle Robertson’s family and friends.

"I would like to thank the members of the public who came forward during this extensive enquiry.

"It stands as a stark reminder of the consequences which driving dangerously and at excessive speed can have.

"Kyle Robertson has lost his life in this collision and Mikey Durdle is now serving a custodial sentence for his involvement.

"This was a completely avoidable incident, which has had long lasting consequences for all those involved and especially those who knew Kyle.

"Drivers must obey speed limits and respect the safety of other road users. Drivers are responsible for their actions and the temptation to take risks can have long lasting consequences, please take a second to consider is it worth it."
