```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police funded youth initiative popular in Scottish Borders
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/police-funded-youth-initiative-popular-in-scottish-borders/
```

**Published 20 January 2020**

A police-funded youth initiative in Hawick, in the Scottish Borders, aimed at encouraging youngsters aged nine to 15 to take part in activities to support their well-being is proving popular.

Launched in December, the Friday night Borders Blue Zone scheme at Teviotdale Leisure Centre in the town provides social activities and the chance to build relationships in a fun and engaging environment.

Local Police Officers are in attendance to provide support and information at the evenings, which are run in conjunction with charity Live Borders and financed by the Scottish Borders Police community fund.

The evenings, which are free, are already proving popular and on Friday 17 January, 123 young people attended to take part in a wide range of activities including flume and inflatable sessions in the pool, gaming, table tennis as well as gym sessions with an expert instructor from the Live Borders’ team.

Sergeant Paul Begley, of Hawick Police Station, said: “It is encouraging that young people are coming along in such numbers. Building relationships is an important part of the community policing work that we do in Hawick.

“I would like to encourage all young people aged from nine to 15 to make the most of the free activities. We will be working closely with Live Borders to engage more young people from across the town and developing additional activities to make the evenings even more fun.”

Lynne Lauder, Area Manager for charity Live Borders, said: “It has been brilliant to see the success of this project so far: collaboration is an important part of the Live Borders’ strategy and this project is aligned with our vision for people in the Borders being healthier, happier and stronger.

“Based on the success of our first two events, we are looking to expand the programme with activities taking place at the 3G pitch from 18:00. We will keep our website updated with developments to the activity programme.”

The scheme runs from 6pm to 9.45pm and is open to young people from throughout Hawick. The next scheduled dates are Friday 7 February, Friday 21 February and Friday 13 March.

Those taking part in sporting activities are advised to bring appropriate clothing and footwear.

More information can be accessed online:

**https://www.liveborders.org.uk/book/whats-on/borders-blue-zone-at-tlc/**
