```yaml
area: Scotland
title: "Serious Road Crash \u2013 A710, Dumfries to New Abbey to Dalbeattie Road, near Southwick"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/serious-road-crash-a710-dumfries-to-new-abbey-to-dalbeattie-road-near-southwick/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a serious road crash on the A710 Dumfries to New Abbey to Dalbeattie road, near to Southwick on Sunday, 24 January, 2021.

Around 9pm, police received a report of a one vehicle road traffic collision involving a grey coloured Vauxhall Corsa on the A710 near Southwick, which had left the roadway and collided with a tree.

Emergency services attended and the three occupants of the car, two males and one female, were taken to Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary. One male, aged 20 is in a critical condition. The other male, and female both aged 17 remain in hospital and are receiving treatment for more minor injuries.

An investigation is underway to establish the circumstances of the crash. The road was closed for several hours as officers examined the scene.

Officers are appealing for anyone who may have been in the area around the time of the incident or who may have seen the Vauxhall Corsa on the road prior to the collision to contact them. In particular officers are asking motorists with dash cam to check their footage as it may have captured images which could assist the investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 3354 of Sunday, 24 January, 2021.
