```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Arthur Hutchinson Jailed For Rape and Sexual Assault - Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/arthur-hutchinson-jailed-for-rape-and-sexual-assault-aberdeen/
```

Arthur Hutchinson (74) has today, Tuesday, 22 September, 2020, at Edinburgh High Court been sentenced to nine years in prison for the rape and sexual abuse of a young girl from the age of eight.

The offences, which took place over a period of ten years, were carried out in Thailand and also in the Aberdeen area.

Detective Inspector, Karen Main based at the North East Public Protection Unit in Aberdeen said:

“We welcome today’s outcome in what was a particularly harrowing case of sexual abuse for the victim over a prolonged period of time.

“Hutchison previously had a career in education, spanning over 40 years and systematically abused his position and trust to commit the most abhorrent levels of abuse on his young victim. She has shown enormous strength and courage to speak out and tell her story.

“The outcome of today’s proceedings should serve as a timely reminder that justice will be served, irrespective of where or when the crimes were committed.

"Any form of sexual abuse is a serious criminal offence and is a priority for Police Scotland.

“We know it’s not easy for individuals to come forward, especially if the crimes have occurred some time ago, but please be reassured that we can help and support you and put you in touch with agencies and specialists.

“ If you have been the victim of a sexual crime or you know someone who has and it hasn’t been reported to the Police, please do so by calling 101 or alternatively Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
