```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Corrosive substance attack, Motherwell
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/corrosive-substance-attack-motherwell/
```

**Published 7th June 2020**

Police in Motherwell are appealing for witnesses following a corrosive substance attack in Carfin.

The incident happened around 12.05am on Sunday, 7 June, 2020 at an address in Motherwell Road.

Two women, aged 21 and 42 were within the property when two men arrived in a small car, smashed the window of the property and threw a corrosive substance on them.

Both women sustained serious burns to their skin and were taken to University Hospital Wishaw by the Scottish Ambulance Service. They were later released following treatment.

Inquiries to identify the men responsible are ongoing and anyone with information is asked to come forward. Officers believe the car used in the assault was found burnt out a short time later in North and South Road, Motherwell.

Detective Sergeant Jim Williamson of Wishaw CID said: “We are still working to establish the motive surrounding this attack, however, we believe this was a targeted attack. Officers are conducting a number of enquiries in the local area today and the public will see an increased police presence.

“I am appealing for anyone who may have heard or seen anything around the time of the incident which may help with our enquiries, to get in touch. We are particularly interested in the movements of the vehicle, believed to be a small hatchback and possibly a Suzuki Baleno. If you saw this car in the area last night, or in the days prior to the assault, please come forward to assist our inquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident 0023 of 7 June, 2020. Alternatively information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555111.
