```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man assaulted by four men in Morrison Street, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/man-assaulted-by-four-men-in-morrison-street-edinburgh/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a serious assault in the Haymarket area of Edinburgh on Sunday 20 September 2020.

Police were called to Morrison Street around 10pm after a 27-year-old man was attacked by a group of four men.

Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment to serious facial injuries.

The suspects are believed to have made off along Morrison Street and onto Torphichen Place.

The first man is described a white, aged 20-30, of slim build, with dark hair and dark facial hair. He was wearing a black hoodie and black bottoms.

The second man is described as white, aged 20-30 and wearing a grey hoodie. He was carrying a black rucksack and a skateboard.

The third man is described as white, aged 20-30 and had a bag and skateboard.

The fourth man is described as white, aged 20-30 and wearing a dark hoodie, dark joggers and white trainers.

All four men wore face coverings.

Detective Constable Oliver Healy of Gayfield CID said: “We believe this to be a targeted attack on the victim who has been left with significant facial injuries.

“Extensive enquiries are ongoing to trace the individuals involved, with officers speaking to local residents and businesses as well as examining CCTV.

“There were several passers-by in the area at the time of the incident and I would urge anyone who saw what happened, and it yet to speak to police, to get in touch. I would also ask any motorists with dash-cams who were in the vicinity to please check their footage in case they have captured anything which could assist the investigation.

“Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting reference number 3946 of Sunday 20th September 2020. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
