```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following wilful fireraising, St Stephens Avenue, Rutherglen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-following-wilful-fireraising-st-stephens-avenue-rutherglen/
```

Officers in Rutherglen are appealing for information after a wilful fireraising in the area.

Around 12.30am on Thursday, 22 October, police were called to a report of a vehicle on fire on St Stephens Avenue, which police believe was set deliberately.

Prior to emergency services arriving the vehicle rolled, whilst in flames, into a nearby parked car also igniting it.

The fire was extinguished by the Scottish Fire and Rescue service. Substantial damage was caused to both vehicles. Nobody was hurt during the incident.

Enquiries have found that the vehicle set alight was stolen between Saturday, 16 and Sunday 17, May, 2020 from Brackenbrae Road, Glasgow. The other vehicle was a 26-year-old car belonging to a collector that was in mint condition.

Two men were caught on CCTV running away from the scene in the direction of Craigard Place. They were both of slim build and wearing dark coloured tracksuits.

Detective Constable John Law of Lanarkshire CID said: “This was a reckless and dangerous act of wilful fireraising in our community.

“Not only was a stolen car destroyed but the pride and joy of an innocent man, his show room condition collectors car which he has had for a quarter of a century, was also destroyed.

“Thankfully no one was hurt, but the devastation wilful fireraising leaves behind is clear to see.

“We are keen to trace those responsible as soon as possible and we are appealing to anyone who may have seen the two men caught on CCTV running away from the area around the time of the fire.

“I would encourage you to check private CCTV and any dashcam footage and provide anything of relevance to police.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference number 0074 of Thursday, 22 October, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 088 555 111.
