```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '30'
  month: September
  reference: '2802'
title: Appeal one week on from serious sexual assault in Livingston
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-one-week-on-from-serious-sexual-assault-in-livingston/
```

Police in West Lothian are continuing their appeal for information one week on following a serious sexual assault of a 30-year-old woman in Livingston.

The incident happened around 5.45pm on Wednesday, 30 September, 2020. The woman was walking along the footpath on the south side of Riverside Court when she was approached by a man from behind and assaulted.

The male suspect is described as white, in his late 20s, slim build and around 5 ft 9 ins tall. He was wearing a black hoodie with the hood up and a distinctive body warmer which was a black, shiny puffer style and believed to be the brand Moncler.

Detective Inspector Craig Higgins said: "We believe the body warmer the suspect was wearing at the time of the attack was a Moncler and hope that its distinctive black, shiny style may jog people's memories when they were out in Livingston last Wednesday. Did you see a man in the area wearing a Moncler body warmer before or after the time of the attack? If so, we want to hear from you as soon as possible.

"We've had an encouraging response from members of the public who have come forward with information relating to the attack. However, we're continuing to appeal to anyone who was in the area who may have seen something which could be significant to us.

"Detectives and local uniformed officers will be revisiting the scene this evening from around 5pm, precisely one week on, to speak to walkers and drivers in the area to try and encourage any new information. This was a terrifying ordeal for the victim, which has shocked the local community, and it's important we identify the man responsible as quickly as possible."

"Those with information can speak to local officers who continue to carry out patrols in the area or can phone police on 101, quoting reference number 2802 of 30 September."
