```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after man injured in Shettleston disturbance
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-after-man-injured-in-shettleston-disturbance/
```

**Published 13 January 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a man suffered serious injuries in a disturbance in the Shettleston area of the city.

The incident happened around 5.35pm on Saturday, 11 January on Shettleston Road near the junction with Fenella Street.

A 41-year-old was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment to a head injury.

He remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital

Officers are carrying out enquiries into the incident and are working to identify a man and a woman seen in the area at the time.

The man is described as being white, Scottish and of slim build. He was in his 20s and was wearing a distinctive blue jacket.

The woman is described as being white, Scottish and of slim build. She was also in her 20s and was wearing a red/burgundy coloured jacket.

Detective Sergeant Chris Lafferty of Glasgow CID said: "We would urge anyone who was in the area who may have information to let us know if you haven't already spoken to a police officer.

"I would also ask anyone who may have private CCTV or dashcam footage to review this and let us know if you find anything of note.

"You can call Police Scotland on 101 with any information, quoting incident 2723 of 11 January, or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
