```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '4127'
title: Fatal Road Crash B792 Bathgate to Torphichen - specific vehicle being sought
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/fatal-road-crash-b792-bathgate-to-torphichen-specific-vehicle-being-sought/
```

Police have released details of a car they wish to trace following a fatal road crash on the B792 between Bathgate and Torphichen, West Lothian, on Sunday 20 September 2020.

Between 10.50pm and 10.55 pm, George Robertson (53) was on his way home when he was struck by a vehicle that failed to stop.

He was taken by ambulance to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary where he died a short time later.

Extensive enquiries are ongoing and officers have identified and are actively seeking a dark coloured Nissan Qashqai in connection with the incident.

Inspector Peter Houston from Police Scotland’s Road Policing Unit said: “Two weeks on from when George Robertson died, we are still looking for answers, and I am reiterating my appeal for any information at all which could help our investigation.

“We are looking to trace a dark coloured Nissan Qashqai, which we know was on the road around the time of the incident and would urge anyone who may have seen this car to get in touch.

“George’s death has left his family absolutely devastated and they have stated it is now time for someone to act. Somebody out there knows who was driving the vehicle involved and I would implore that person to do the right thing and come forward.

“Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident number 4127 of Sunday 20 September 2020. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be provided anonymously.”
