```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '12'
  month: May
  reference: '2755'
  year: '2020'
title: Re-appeal following firearm discharged - Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/re-appeal-following-firearm-discharged-greenock/
```

**Published 19 May 2020**

One week on, police in Greenock are continuing to appeal for information following a firearm being discharged on Tuesday, 12 May, 2020.

The incident happened around 6pm when a 37-year-old man was walking in Brachelston Street Greenock. A firearm was discharged at the man from a vehicle believed to be a white Hyundai Tuscan that then sped off in the direction of Orangefield.

The 37-year-old was uninjured as a result of the incident.

The car was later found burnt out in nearby Clydeview Academy around 3.45am on Wednesday, 13 May, 2020 between Mallard Crescent and Reservoir Road.

Detective Inspector Cameron Miller, senior investigating officer, said: "It has now been one week since this took place and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have any information surrounding the circumstances of the incident.

“We believe this to be a targeted attack and would like to emphasise that there is no threat to the wider community.

“Thankfully, there were no injuries as a result of this reckless act and I would ask again, that if anyone has any information to please get in contact with police.

“I would like to thank those who have already came forward and would encourage others to do so in order to help trace those responsible.

“If you were in or around the Brachelston Street or Clydeview Academy areas of Greenock at the relevant times and have any knowledge of a white Hyundai Tucson or anything suspicious, please get in touch with officers.

"Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 2755 of 12 May 2020 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
