```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Renewed appeal following serious sexual assault in Livingston
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/renewed-appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-in-livingston/
```

Police Scotland is continuing to appeal for information following a serious sexual assault in Livingston on Wednesday, 30 September.

Around 5.45pm, a 30-year-old woman was walking along the footpath on the south side of Riverside Court when she was approached by a man from behind and assaulted.

The suspect is described as white, in his late 20s, around 5 ft 9 ins tall and slim build. He was wearing a black hoodie with the hood up and a black shiny puffer style body warmer.

Detective Inspector Craig Higgins said: "I'd like to thank the members of the public who have come forward so far and assisted with our enquiries. This is a busy walkway for dog walkers and people exercising and I am urging anyone who may have seen someone acting suspiciously in the area to get in touch. The suspect is believed to have been wearing a shiny black body warmer which was quite distinctive. Think back. Did you see a man wearing a jacket like this in the nearby area at the time?

"I am also still keen to speak to a male cyclist who was believed to have passed by shortly after the assault and may have witnessed the suspect running off. The cyclist is described as in his late 30s/early 40s, slim build with brown hair and a beard and was wearing a tan coloured top and dark grey bottoms. He was riding a blue bike. If you were cycling in the area at the time and believe this could be you, I'd urge you to get in touch with police as any information could be crucial to our enquiries.

"Thankfully incidents like these are rare and we are absolutely committed to identifying the man responsible as quickly as possible. Our local officers are being supported by specialist colleagues from across Police Scotland during this major investigation. We are also continuing to provide support to the woman after her traumatic ordeal.

"Local residents will continue to see a highly visible police presence during this time. If you have any concerns, please speak to our officers who will be carrying out patrols.

"If you have any information in connection with the attack, please speak to officers or contact police on 101, quoting 2802 of 30 September. Information can also be provided anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
