```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following dangerous driving on A96
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-dangerous-driving-on-a96/
```

**Published 29 January 2020**

Road policing officers are appealing for further witnesses after a 25-year-old man was charged in connection with alleged dangerous driving offences in the North East.

Police have received numerous reports of erratic driving on the A96 which has involved a red BMW with a black roof and a personalised number plate. The reports date from June 2019 until Wednesday, 22 January, 2020, and are believed to have mainly occurred between Inverurie and Elgin.

Enquiries are ongoing into these reports and officers are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this car driving to contact police if they have not yet already done so.

Road Policing Constable Angela Dow said: "A man has been charged, however enquiries remain ongoing and I am appealing to anyone who recognises the description of the car and has witnessed erratic driving from this vehicle on the A96 to come forward as soon as possible. I'd also be interested in speaking to anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the car driving.

"Police Scotland is committed to road safety and anyone concerned about the behaviour of drivers should contact police on 101."

Anyone with information about this car that may be able to assist our investigation is asked to call the Road Policing Unit in Inverurie on 101, quoting incident 1163 of 22 January.

The man is due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court at a later date.
