```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '7'
  month: August
  reference: '3834'
title: Attempted murder - Fulbar Road, Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/attempted-murder-fulbar-road-paisley/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after the attempted murder of a 45 year-old man in Paisley on Friday, 7 August, 2020.

The incident took place outside flats in Fulbar Road, Paisley shortly before 9pm, where the man was attacked by three men.

The 45 year-old man attended the Royal Alexandra Hospital where he received treatment for a stab wound. He was later transferred to the Golden Jubilee Hospital in Clydebank. Hospital staff describe his condition as critical.

The three men responsible are described as:

 1. White, in his 40s and of heavy build with black hair and glasses. He was wearing a blue top and shorts.
 2. White, aged 40-50 and of heavy build and wearing a blue top.
 3. Younger man, with a slim build and wearing grey top and jogging trousers.

Detective Inspector Ian Ross of Paisley Police Office said: Extensive enquiries are ongoing into this attempted murder and officers are currently carrying out enquiries in the local area, and checking CCTV footage to gather more information on the three men responsible.

“The two older suspects were both riding bikes and they made off along the cycle path at Fulbar Road.

“I would urge any witnesses to this attack, or anyone who may have seen the three men responsible in the local area around the time of the incident to contact us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information should contact Paisley Police Office through 101 quoting reference number 3834 of 7 August. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.
