```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Action to tackle domestic abuse in Dundee
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/action-to-tackle-domestic-abuse-in-dundee/
```

Detectives and local officers from Dundee carried out action to focus on incidents of domestic abuse and target offenders in the city.

The operation took place between Monday 21 September and Friday 25 September.

Officers undertook duties to ensure the safety of victims, trace and deal with outstanding offenders and assist in gathering evidence for ongoing domestic abuse investigations.

Detective Sergeant Stephen Gray of the Domestic Abuse Investigations Unit said :

“Domestic abuse affects so many people across Dundee and incidents continue to be reported to Police Scotland daily.

“This operation saw a number of individuals arrested in relation to various domestic offences including the Domestic Abuse Scotland Act, assault and rape. These individuals will be reported to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.

“We also visited a number of victims across the town so that suitable guidance and support could be provided to them as well as carrying out a number of disclosures under the Disclosure Scheme for Domestic Abuse Scotland Act.

“If you are a victim of domestic abuse or if you are a family member, friend, neighbour or work colleague of someone who you suspect is being abused, please speak out and report your concerns to Police Scotland. Anybody who has any concerns about, or wishes to report, domestic abuse is urged to contact Police Scotland on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you wish to remain anonymous.”
