```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Victim of fatal crash on the A90 identified
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/victim-of-fatal-crash-on-the-a90-identified/
```

A man who died following a road crash on the A90 in Aberdeenshire has been identified.

He was Darren Inglis, 29, from Mintlaw.

His family has released the following statement through Police Scotland:

"Yesterday our hearts were destroyed when Darren was taken from us following a tragic accident. Darren was a much loved son, fiancé́, grandson, brother, uncle, nephew and friend to many.

"Above all, he was a funny, amazing, larger-than-life character, whose jokes and good humour lightened all our lives and always made us roll with laughter. His life was his soulmate, Sophie, to whom he was due to be married in a few weeks, his nieces and nephew on whom he doted, and his adored dogs.

"Darren’s passing has been so sudden and has rocked us all to our core. There will forever be a hole in our lives that will never be filled, a hole our family can barely face dealing with. He has been taken from us all too soon.

"We would like to thank the emergency services for their speedy response and efforts in trying to save Darren, and we kindly request that our privacy be respected during this very difficult time."

The crash happened on the A90 south of Newburgh around 7.40am on Tuesday, 26 January.

Mr Inglis was the driver and sole occupant of a blue Peugeot 308 which was the only vehicle involved.

He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary where he was pronounced dead.

Sergeant Scott Deans of the North East Road Policing Unit said: "Our thoughts are with Mr Inglis's family and friends at this difficult time for them.

"We are continuing to work to establish the circumstances which led to this crash and I would urge anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to police comes forward as soon as they can.

"Anyone with information can call 101, quoting incident 0463 of 26 January, 2021."
