```yaml
area: Scotland
title: 40 arrested during enforcement action in Dundee - Op Quest
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/40-arrested-during-enforcement-action-in-dundee-op-quest/
```

**Published 5th June 2020**

More than 40 people have been arrested this week during an ongoing programme of enforcement action in the Dundee area aimed at reducing violent and organised crime.

Under Operation Quest, a number of activities have taken place across the city, and while there are still three days to go, a number of results have already been achieved. These include:

• Drugs search warrants executed across the city, recovering quantities of crack cocaine, heroin, cannabis and a variety of tablets. Notably, thousands in pounds of cash was seized from a variety of addresses as well as an air pistol
• £10,000 of heroin was recovered during a search of a house in the north of the city
• Over 40 people have been arrested for a variety of offences, including assault, robbery and domestic abuse, along with many outstanding arrest warrants. A number of these offences were committed while in the possession of weapons including knives, hammers and baseball bats.

As well as enforcement action, officers are involved in high visibility patrols across many areas of Dundee, including Charleston, Menzieshill, Lochee, Hilltown, Maryfield, Kirkton, St Mary’s, Mid Craigie and Douglas.

Officers also conducting preventative doorstep visits to previous violent offenders to ensure bail conditions are being complied with, but also to dissuade them from being involved in further criminality. Some victims of crimes are also being revisited as part of safety plans implemented to help keep them safe.

Our partner agencies are also supporting the operation via the preventions hub based in Sinclair Street in Lochee. Ongoing work through initiatives such as the Non-Fatal Overdose Pathway and Outreach Bus are providing vital support.

Dundee Local Area Commander Chief Inspector David McIntosh said:

“Police Scotland officers in Dundee have been working hard, engaging with the local communities, providing reassurance and keeping people safe. This has been particularly important during the current Covid-19 pandemic.

“However, it is equally important for the community to know that policing activity to protect the vulnerable and our commitment to keeping people safe continues. We will continue to relentlessly pursue those involved in the supply of controlled drugs and violent crime in the city. Operation Quest and Operation Slate form a part of this.”
