```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following one attempted robbery and two robberies
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-one-attempted-robbery-and-two-robberies/
```

**Published 3 January 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after three separate robberies and attempted robberies took place in the area today, Friday, 3 January, 2020.

The first attempted robbery happened around 9:40am, when a G4S security guard was in the foyer of the Lloyds TSB Bank in Duke Street when he was approached by two men who tried to grab a money cassette from him.

They then left empty handed and drove off up Armadale Street in a grey coloured VW Golf that had been parked across from the bank.

The first suspect is white, around 6ft tall, with a slim build and wearing a dark coloured hooded top and trousers with dark coloured trainers. The second suspect is around 5ft 8in tall with a medium build. He was wearing a light grey hooded top and black trainers.

A second incident took place around 12.35pm outside the Scotmid store on Merkland Drive, Kirkintilloch.

Two men approached a G4S security worker, both who were in possession of a knife and subsequently grabbed the money cassette from the worker before driving off in the direction of Waterside in a Black Skoda Octavia or Superb.

Both suspects are described as white, between 20-25 years old with one wearing a two toned jacket and grey scarf and the other a blue hoodie. The G4S worker was not injured as a result of the robbery.

A third incident occurred around 2.30pm on Byres Road outside Ryman Stationary where two males approached a G4S worker. The first male brandished a knife demanding the cash box he was in possession off, with a second male carrying a 12-inch black pole.

The first suspect is described as white, 20-30 years old, around 6ft tall, of a slim build, wearing a black baseball cap, body warmer and joggers. The second man is described as white, 20-30 years old, of medium build wearing a grey jacket.

Both suspects then drove off with two other men in a black Volkswagen Golf, west on Downside Road in possession of the cash box.

Detective Inspector Clark Hill, of Glasgow CID said: “We cannot rule that these three incidents may be related however, all lines of enquiry will be considered.

“Each of these robberies has left the staff of G4S evidently shaken and we hope with the public’s help we will be able to catch those responsible.

“If you were in any of the three areas at the time of the incidents or have any information or dashcam footage that may help our investigation, please contact police.”

Police Scotland can be contacted by calling 101 and quoting incident number 0726.

Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called on 0800 555 111 where callers can remain anonymous.
