```yaml
area: Scotland
title: "Two major contracts awarded on Police Scotland\u2019s journey to creating the UK\u2019s first ultra-low emission blue light fleet"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/two-major-contracts-awarded-on-police-scotland-s-journey-to-creating-the-uk-s-first-ultra-low-emission-blue-light-fleet/
```

Police Scotland has awarded two contracts worth more than £25 million to help achieve its aim to be the first emergency service in the UK with a fleet of Ultra-Low Emission Vehicles.

bp Chargemaster will supply and install hundreds of electric vehicle charging posts (EVCPs) while almost 180 Hyundai Kona 64kWh cars will join the fleet.

Under the first phase, over 400 charging points will be installed at over 50 police sites across Scotland. bp Chargemaster will also provide annual maintenance.

The initial focus will be on installing at police sites along the ‘Green Corridor’, the roads linking Prestwick, Glasgow and Edinburgh Airports ahead of the United Nations Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26), due to take place in Glasgow in November 2021.

Hyundai Motor UK has been awarded a contract to provide nearly 180 Hyundai Kona 64kWh cars to expand Police Scotland’s existing ULEV fleet. Delivery of these vehicles is expected to begin this month.

The Kona ULEVs are being initially rolled out as unmarked pool vehicles, to be used by both officers and staff. The Hyundai Kona has a useable range of up to 300 miles.

Deputy Chief Constable Will Kerr said: “Police Scotland's fleet strategy is highly ambitious, with the aim of having the UK's first ultra-low emission blue light fleet by 2030. These two substantial contracts mark a major step towards that goal by making ULEVs accessible to more of our officers and staff.

“Achieving our fleet strategy aims will significantly reduce carbon emissions, while also reducing maintenance and servicing costs. It’s one of many strides the organisation is taking to achieve a sustainable, flexible service which meets the needs of our fellow citizens while also providing a modern, fit-for-purpose fleet for our people to use in the course of their work.

"The gradual transition of our unmarked fleet from our current internal combustion engine vehicles to ULEVs will also assist with improving the existing fleet, as the age and mileage thresholds for replacing existing vehicles is being reduced. This means officers will have use of more modern vehicles while reducing maintenance and repair costs, at the same time as increasing the resilience of our contingency fleet."

Justice Secretary Humza Yousaf said: “I am pleased that the Scottish Government has been able to support Police Scotland in accelerating its plans to invest in a sustainable ultra-low emission vehicle (ULEV) fleet through the additional £5m allocated for this purpose in the 2020-21 Scottish Budget. Police Scotland’s fleet strategy has a focused drive towards decarbonising its fleet of vehicles, and demonstrates ambitious leadership in this area, through its plans to reduce the impact that the organisation will have on the environment. I hope that Police Scotland’s ambitious plans will inspire others to adopt these new technologies.”

Matteo de Renzi, CEO of bp Chargemaster, said: “bp’s ambition is to become a net zero company by 2050 or sooner, and to also help the world to get to net zero. This includes not only reducing our own emissions but supporting our customers in reducing theirs. We are incredibly proud to be able to support Police Scotland through this landmark contract – the largest of its kind ever awarded in the UK – as they transition their fleet and contribute to the Scottish Government’s 2045 net zero target. This win is testament to our capabilities, our quality and our team, which is undoubtedly the best in the business when it comes to delivering infrastructure on this scale.”

Ashley Andrew, Managing Director, Hyundai Motor UK said: “We are delighted to be able to support Police Scotland in their determination to transform to an ultra-low emission fleet with the immediate supply of a number of Kona Electric vehicles. Police Scotland’s approach to cutting greenhouse gases by switching to more sustainable means of transport mirrors our goal to become one of the leading providers of electric vehicles in the UK. Demand for our pioneering electric vehicles for fleets has been exceptionally high in recent months and looks set to continue as we move towards a zero-emission future.”
