```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police seeking information on cars linked to wilful fireraisings in Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/police-seeking-information-on-cars-linked-to-wilful-fireraisings-in-greenock/
```

Officers in Greenock are continuing their investigation into a series of wilful fireraising and firebomb incidents which took place in the area last week.

As part of their enquiries into these four targeted attacks, which officers believe may be linked, the public are being asked for their assistance in tracking the movements of two vehicles.

Enquiries have established that a burgundy Rover car, described as being ‘old style’ and possibly a Rover 45, was seen in the Cumberland Road area of Greenock when an accelerant was thrown at the window of a property. This took place at around 12.55am on Saturday, 19 September. The occupants of the property, a 45-year-old woman and three members of the family, including her 6-year-old daughter, were not injured.

Two men were seen running from the scene and entering a car matching this description, before driving off at speed in the general direction of Gourock Cemetery.

Around 12.20am on Monday, 21 September, a Rover 45, with registration number SD51 ZTJ, was found abandoned in a car park in Mearns Street, Greenock, following a short pursuit by police.

Officers are keen to talk to anyone who has information regarding this car and its movements on either of these occasions. If you have CCTV or dashcam footage of the car or the men involved on either Cumberland Road or around Mearns Street, please come forward.

Enquiries are continuing to establish if this Rover is linked to the Cumberland Road fire.

Officers are also renewing their appeal for information on a white Suzuki Splash, which has been linked to a fire within a property on Wellington Street, Greenock.

The car, with registration number GK14 FZE, was stolen from Denholm Terrace, Greenock, at around 4.30am on Wednesday, 16 September, by four young men in their late teens.

A white Suzuki Splash was later seen at the scene of the fire on Wellington Street, which took place around 11.05pm and is believed to have been caused by an accelerant thrown through a window. This attack resulted in serious injuries to a 40-year-old woman and greatly distressed her 9-year-old daughter, who was also in the property at the time. The car was seen to park outside the property at the time of the incident, before being driven off at speed towards the Orangefield area of Greenock.

A short time later, around 11.10pm, the stolen Suzuki Splash (GK14 FZE) was parked in Skye Street and three men were seen to get out of the car and run from the area, towards Rankin Street. Around 2.20am on Thursday, 17 September, this car was reported to be on fire in Skye Street. No one was injured in this fire.

Officers believe that the stolen Suzuki Splash, later found on fire, is the same one seen at the scene of the Wellington Street fire. They are appealing for anyone who believes they saw this Suzuki Splash and may have information to come forward. They are particularly keen to establish where the car was between being stolen from Denholm Terrace and being parked in Skye Street.

Detective Superintendent Gerry McBride said: “I must reiterate that these recent fireraisings in Inverclyde are sickening incidents, where innocent women and children have been attacked in their own homes. I am certain that nobody with a moral conscience would believe that this is acceptable and I urge anyone who knows who is responsible or has information to get in touch with us as soon as possible.

“The increased police presence in the area will remain whilst investigations take place and to prevent any further incidents from happening. With the help of the public, we can make sure those responsible are arrested and brought to justice.

“If you have any information about the movements of the burgundy Rover and the white Suzuki Splash linked with two of these instances, or maybe dashcam footage or private CCTV footage, please come forward as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference number 4105 of Wednesday, 16 September, 2020. Alternatively, if you prefer to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
