```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following a serious assault, Glasgow city centre
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/witness-appeal-following-a-serious-assault-glasgow-city-centre/
```

**Published 19 March 2020**

Officers in Glasgow are appealing for information following a serious assault in the city centre.

The incident happened around 7pm on Wednesday, 18 March, when two men, one aged 34 and one aged 36, were seriously assaulted in St Enoch Square during an altercation.

They were taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary by the Scottish Ambulance Service. The 36-year-old man has since been released from hospital and the other man is described as being in a stable condition.

Detectives are keen for anyone who saw what happened and in particular want to trace a man seen leaving the scene.

The suspect is described as white, of slim build, with short brown hair, aged between 20 and 30-years-old and spoke with a local accent.

At the time of the incident he was wearing a brown or khaki jacket, black hooded top, grey jogging bottoms and black shoes.

Detective Constable Craig Muir, of Stewart Street CID, said: “The area around St Enoch Square and the shopping centre entrances were busy at the time of this incident and we would like anyone who saw something suspicious to come forward.

“The altercation may have taken place near the Argyle Street entrance to St Enochs across from Buchanan Street.

“If you can help with our enquiries please call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 2659 of Wednesday, 18 March. Or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
