```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three people charged following drug recovery in Aberdeenshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/three-people-charged-following-drug-recovery-in-aberdeenshire/
```

Police Scotland have arrested and charged three people following the recovery of controlled drugs with a potential street value of £29,600 in Aberdeenshire.

Reacting to intelligence, officers stopped a car on the A90 at Drumlithie at 9.50am on Wednesday, 28 October, 2020. A quantity of cocaine and heroin were recovered with an estimated street value of £29,600.

A 24-year-old woman, a 23-year-old man and a 49-year-old woman have been arrested and charged in connection with drug supply offences. They are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on 25 November, 2020.

A 50-year-old man was arrested and released pending further enquiry.

Detective Sergeant Scott McKay, of Aberdeen CID Proactive, said: "Officers carried out a pro-active stop on a vehicle which resulted in a significant seizure.

"We are committed to disrupting the illicit supply of drugs in our communities and we will use every tool and tactic at our disposal to remove these illegal substances from our streets.

"We can't tackle this alone though. We rely on the support of the public to build intelligence on drug-related issues so that we can act on their concerns.”

Anyone with any information about the supply of drugs is asked to contact police on 101, alternatively information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555111.
