```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '3599'
title: Man found seriously injured in Balmore Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/man-found-seriously-injured-in-balmore-road-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was found seriously injured in Balmore Road, Glasgow, on Wednesday 7 October 2020.

Around 9.50pm members of the public found a man lying injured on the road, near to the Allander Toll Roundabout.

Emergency services attended and a 23 year old man was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment to a serious head injury. Medical staff describe his condition as critical.

Extensive enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and Balmore Road is currently closed at Craigmaddie Road and the Allander Toll Roundabout.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Sharp from Greater Glasgow CID said: “A man is lying in a critical condition in hospital and it is absolutely vital that we find out how he came about his injuries.

“A team of detectives, supported by road policing officers, are currently carrying out enquiries in Balmore Road and the surrounding area in order to establish exactly what has happened.

“I am appealing to anyone who was on Balmore Road yesterday evening and witnessed what happened to the victim, or anything at all suspicious, to please get in touch. I would also urge any motorists with dash-cams who were in the area to check their footage in case they have captured anything which could be of significance to our investigation.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident number 3599 of Wednesday 7 October 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be given anonymously.”
