```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following shooting in Maryhill, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/witness-appeal-following-shooting-in-maryhill-glasgow/
```

**Published 13 March 2020**

We are appealing for witnesses following a shooting in Maryhill.

The incident happened around 5.15pm on Thursday, 12 March, 2020, when a man exited a grey or silver car and shot a 23-year-old man in the back.

The suspect then got back into the same car and headed in the direction of Firhill road towards Possil park, and is described as wearing dark clothing and a balaclava.

The victim was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with serious, but not life threatening injuries.

Around 6pm, a silver Hyundai car was found burnt out on Coltmuir street at the junctions with Gadloch Street. At the same time, a man was seen entering a white Mercedes vehicle in the same area and drove off.

Armed officers attended, alongside local officers, as normal procedure when there is a report of a firearm involved.

Firhill Road was closed for around 4 hours to allow a full scene investigation to take place.

Detective Inspector Graham McCreadie, Maryhill CID, said: “We believe this reckless attack was targeted and we are appealing for witnesses.

“The shooting took place on a busy road at a time when there would have been commuters and cars in the area.

“There are additional police patrols in the Maryhill area and I would encourage anyone with concerns to speak to an officer.

“Officers and detectives are conducting CCTV and house-to-house enquiries to try and establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident, and I want to reassure members of the community that there is no threat to the wider public.

“I am appealing to anyone who may have seen the attack or saw either a Silver Hyundai, or White A class Mercedes, either before or after the incident to get in contact with police.

“If any motorists have possible dashcam footage that may assist with our investigation, please get in touch.”

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 2640 of Thursday, 12 March, 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
