```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '26'
  month: July
  reference: '3572'
title: Appeal following bike theft in Peebles
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-bike-theft-in-peebles/
```

**Published 27 July 2020**

Officers in the Borders are appealing for information following the theft of a high-value bike in Peebles.

The bike, a silver Whyte E-bike 150s with 22in frame, black gel seat, Yeti hand grips, blue dust caps and valued at £5,100, was stolen from the car park at Buzzard’s Nest, Glentress Peebles around 7.40pm on Sunday, 26 July, 2020.

A man was seen removing the bike from a bike rack on the back of a car that was parked in the car park before cycling off on it and was followed by a dark silver Transit van with red, white and blue lettering on the sides, possibly featuring an inverted triangle.

The first suspect is described as being in his mid-20s, 5ft 10ins tall, of slim build and was wearing grey jogging bottoms and a cycle helmet. The second suspect is described as being in his early 20s, of slim build and was wearing cycling gear.

Enquiries into the incident are ongoing.

Constable Barry Taylor, of Galashiels Police Station, said: "The victim’s brother had injured himself on his bike prior to the incident and the victim was attending to his brother in an ambulance when the theft took place.

"We would encourage anyone who may have seen the van in the area before or after the incident or has seen a bike matching description to get in touch.

"Anyone with information that may assist with our enquiries can call 101, quoting reference number 3572 of 26 July, or can be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
