```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Murder inquiry launched - Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/murder-inquiry-launched-paisley/
```

**Published 1 July 2020**

A murder inquiry has been launched following the death of a 32-year-old man in Paisley.

Around 11.50 am on Monday, 29 June, 2020, the body of Ryan Low, was found within his flat on Springbank Road in Paisley.

Relatives have been informed and a full report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant of the Major Investigation Team (West) said:

“Extensive police inquiries are ongoing at this time. Officers are gathering CCTV footage from the surrounding area to provide more information that will help us trace the person or persons responsible, and door to door inquiries are being carried out.

"I would ask anyone who was in the Springbank Road area of Paisley over the past few days and who may have seen or heard a disturbance, witnessed any strange activity or anyone acting out of character to please get in touch with us.

“I am also keen to hear from anyone who may have had any contact with Ryan recently. We have a reported sighting of Ryan on the evening of Wednesday 24 June, 2020. Anyone who has any information which might help us in this investigation, or who may have seen or spoken with Ryan recently is asked to call us on 0141 305 4530, quoting the reference number 1150 of 29 June.

Anyone with any CCTV, mobile phone, dashcam or any other footage that they think would assist the enquiry are asked to send this via this link.

Anyone who has any information which they want to pass on while remaining anonymous can do so through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
