```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Luss
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-luss/
```

**Published 19th June 2020**

Police are appealing for the public’s assistance as part of their ongoing enquires into a sexual assault in Luss.

The incident happened around 1.45pm on Thursday, 18 June, on Glen Luss Road near its junction to the A82 when a 19-year-old woman was approached by a group of three men.

One of the men pushed her to the ground between some bushes and proceeded to put his hand down her top. The woman was able to push the man off and run away. She was not physically injured during the incident.

The suspect is described as a white man in his early twenties, around 5ft 8ins tall and of a skinny build. At the time if the incident he was wearing blue shorts with white trainers and was in the company of two other men also in their early twenties.

Detective Sergeant Peter Jarvis of Clydebank CID said:

“This was very scary and distressing incident for the woman involved and she has been left quite shaken.

“We are eager to trace the man responsible as soon as possible and I would appeal to anyone who may recognise the description of the suspect or who may have seen the three men in the area around this time to get in touch. It is thought that may have got into a parked car on the Glen Luss Road, near to the Faerie Trail.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident number 1847 of Thursday, 18 June or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
