```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following Seedhill robbery, Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-seedhill-robbery-paisley/
```

**Published 12 January 2020**

Police in Paisley are appealing for information following a robbery in the Seedhill area.

The incident happened at around 3.10am on Sunday 12 January at an address in the Crossflat Crescent area, which a man entered and threatened an elderly woman before stealing her handbag. The handbag is described as being blue with beige straps, and it contained bank cards, house keys and other personal items.

The 72-year-old woman was uninjured, but left shaken by the incident. She was in the company of friends at the time, who were similarly affected.

The man is described as being in his mid-to-late 30s, around 5ft 10 and slim build, with short cropped dark hair and a receding hairline. He was wearing a navy jacket with dark trousers and spoke with a local accent.

Officers are carrying out door-to-door enquiries and checking CCTV from the area for any additional information which may assist the investigation.

Detective Sergeant Nicola Wake, from Paisley CID, said: “This was a terrifying robbery, which has left an elderly woman traumatised, and it is vital that we find the person responsible.

“It is possible that the man entered a dark-coloured taxi within the Seedhill area after the incident and we are asking for any taxi driver who was in the area at the time to please come forward. This appeal also goes out to other members of the public who may have seen anything suspicious.

“It may be that the man was loitering around the area before committing the crime and he drew your attention, or if you saw someone running away from the area, any piece of information could prove vital.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 0563 of 12 January. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
