```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lanarkshire Communities Thanked for Continued COVID-19 Support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/lanarkshire-communities-thanked-for-continued-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in Lanarkshire have thanked for the public for their co-operation, consent and compliance during the coronavirus pandemic.

Chief Superintendent Alan Waddell, divisional commander, also urged everyone to stick with the guidance to stay at home as the restrictions continue.

Chief Supt Waddell said: “We are very grateful for the support of our communities and recognise that people are making significant changes to their lives.

“As the Chief Constable said today, we need everyone to continue to exercise the same self-discipline, commitment and common sense which has, thus far, served us well.

“We know that people are hopeful that there may be changes to the current restrictions but as it stands, the guidance is clear; stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Police Scotland officers are patrolling Lanarkshire every day and engaging with people, explaining the legislation and encouraging them to comply. Only where people continue to defy that very clear advice is enforcement action used as a last resort.

“We are also still here for those who are vulnerable or have been a victim of crime and we would ask people to continue to come forward to us. We will help.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
