```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: January
  reference: '3243'
  year: '2020'
title: Appeal following robbery in Crosshouse, Kilmarnock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-robbery-in-crosshouse-kilmarnock/
```

**Published 30 January 2020**

Detectives in Ayrshire are appealing for information following a robbery in Crosshouse, Kilmarnock.

The incident happened around 8.15pm on Wednesday, 29 January, 2020, in the Woodlea Crescent area.

Five men forced their way into a property, assaulted a 60-year-old woman who was within the property and made off with a sum of money.

The woman sustained minor injuries but did not require any hospital treatment and has been left shaken by the incident.

The first suspect is described as a white man with a local accent in his late 20s, 5ft 3ins in height and of slim build with short, shaved dark hair. He was wearing a black jacket.

The second suspect is described as a white man, small in height.

The third suspect is described as a white man, 6ft, of medium build with a local accent. He was wearing a light blue hoodie with white writing on it.

The fourth and fifth suspects were both dressed in all black.

Detective Sergeant Barry Walker, of East Ayrshire CID, said: “Although this woman sustained minor injuries, it was a very frightening experience for her and we want to speak to anyone who may have seen something both before and after the robbery.

“It is crucial that we trace the people responsible for this crime as soon as possible and I would be keen to speak to people with CCTV footage near the street in question, which may assist us in our investigation.

“I would urge anyone with information to get in touch with us immediately.

“Anyone who can help should contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 3243 of 29 January 2020, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
