```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '6'
  month: November
  reference: '3967'
title: Appeal following fatal road collision, Polmont Road, Falkirk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-following-fatal-road-collision-polmont-road-falkirk/
```

Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in Falkirk.

The collision happened around 8.55pm on Friday, 6 November, on the A803, Polmont Road at its junction with Dundas Road and involved a silver Mercedes Benz and a cyclist.

The cyclist, a 16-year-old boy, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The 28-year-old driver of the silver Mercedes and the two passengers within were uninjured.

Emergency services and collision investigators were in attendance and the road was closed for several hours, reopening around 4am on Saturday, 7 November.

Sergeant David Marr of the Stirling Road Police Unit said: “This was a serious collision and our thoughts at this time are with the family and friends of the boy who sadly lost his life, along with all of those involved.

“Our enquiries into the cause of the collision are continuing and I would ask anyone who saw what happened, and has not yet spoken to officers, to come forward. I would ask motorists using the A803 yesterday evening and who may have been recording via dash-cam devices to check their systems and provide any relevant footage to us as soon as possible.

“I’d like to thank those members of the public who stopped and assisted at the scene, along with our emergency service colleagues who attended the incident.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 3967 of 6 November.
