```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three charged for breaching Louisa Jordan Hospital airspace
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/three-charged-for-breaching-louisa-jordan-hospital-airspace/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police Scotland has charged three men in connection with breaching a temporary restriction of airspace above the Louisa Jordan Hospital.

The restriction has been in place since Wednesday, 16 April 2020, to ensure the safety of helicopters taking off and landing at the nearby Glasgow Heliport, as well as the staff working at the hospital, situated at the Scottish Event Campus in Glasgow.

Helicopters of various sizes require airspace which is clear of drones, and any other dangerous obstructions, to take-off and land safely.

The three men aged 23, 26 and 30 years, will now be reported to the Procurator Fiscal and enquiries into a number of other incidents are ongoing.

Inspector Graeme Rankin, of Police Scotland, is reminding the owners of drones that the restriction makes commercial and private flights, without permission, an offence. He said:

“It can’t be underestimated that flying a drone in the vicinity of the heliport or the hospital puts lives at unnecessary risk. The temporary restriction of airspace is in place for a good reason, to protect aircraft, the public, those working at the hospital and vital equipment.”

The restriction applies to all aircraft and extends for a radius of two nautical miles and an altitude of 2,000 feet.

Inspector Rankin continued:

“Ignoring the restriction constitutes a number of offences and I am taking this opportunity to remind anyone flying a drone to act responsibly.”

For more information see: https://dronesafe.uk/ and search for The Air Navigation (Restriction of Flying) (Louisa Jordan Hospital, Glasgow) Regulations 2020.
