```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault and robbery in Leith, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-following-assault-and-robbery-in-leith-edinburgh/
```

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for information following an assault and robbery in Leith.

Around 2.10pm on Tuesday, 24 November, 2020, two men and a woman forced entry into a property on Buchanan Street where a 45-year-old man was assaulted and various personal items were stolen.

He was taken to The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh for treatment of serious but not life threatening injuries.

The first suspect is described as a white man, around 5ft 10in tall, of a large build and in his 20s. A second man is described as white, around 5ft 7in tall with a thin build and in his 30s. Both men were wearing dark clothing, black beanie hats and black surgical masks.

The female suspect is described as white, around 5ft 5in tall with long hip length auburn hair. At the time of the incident, she was wearing a red and black checked shirt, pink trainers and spoke with a local accent.

Detective Sergeant Keith Taylor, of Edinburgh CID, said: “We are appealing to members of the public who may have seen anyone matching these descriptions around the time of the incident.

“The three suspects headed off in the direction of Iona Street towards Easter Road.

"I would ask if you were in the area and noticed anyone acting suspicious that you contact police.

“If you have any CCTV, mobile phone or dashcam footage the could assist with our investigation, please get in touch with officers.

“Police can be contacted by calling 101 and quoting incident number 1641 of Tuesday, 24 November, 2020 or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
