```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Additional officers deployed to support new restrictions
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/additional-officers-deployed-to-support-new-curfew/
```

**Police Scotland will deploy additional officers across the country to support new restrictions which come into force tonight.**

Additional patrols will assist local authorities in ensuring pubs and restaurants close at 6pm following an announcement by the First Minister this week.

Chief Constable Iain Livingstone said: “Officers will be highly visible in communities over the weekend to engage with the public, explain the new advice, guidance and restrictions and encourage people to do the right thing.

“From the start of this pandemic, the people of Scotland have demonstrated impressive personal responsibility. They know that following the advice and adhering to the rules is the best way to combat the spread of coronavirus.

“These significant restrictions on our freedoms do not affect everyone equally and I have been clear from the outset that constables will exercise the discretion of their office to work with our fellow citizens in a collective effort to protect lives.

“The Police Service of Scotland will continue to work with courtesy, compassion and common sense to help keep people safe.”

Police Scotland officers have had over 75,000 COVID related interactions with members of the public with around 4,000 or just over 5% resulting in formal enforcement action.
Mr Livingstone said: “Despite overwhelming levels of co-operation and support, I am concerned that a small minority of people continue to host or participate in house parties and house gatherings.

“While restrictions have changed quickly and often, I do not believe anyone in Scotland can be in any doubt that house gatherings and house parties allow the virus to spread and are unlawful.

"It is very clear that, with some legitimate exemptions, people should not be visiting each other's houses.

“Where we encounter wilful, repeated, persistent or flagrant breaches we will, as the public would expect and support, act decisively to enforce the law.”

In the week up to midnight on Sunday, 4 October, provisional data indicates officers responded to 365 reports of house gatherings or parties of which 271 were found to amount to a breach of regulations.

Officers issued 106 fixed penalties and made 18 arrests in relation to house gatherings.

Police Scotland regularly publishes information on our response to coronavirus, including enforcement data.
