```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '28'
  month: May
  reference: 0487
title: Appeal following assault, Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-assault-greenock/
```

**Published 28 May 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for information after a man was assaulted in Greenock around 3.50am this morning (Thursday 28 May).

The man was in Brachelston Street at it's junction with Murdieston Street when the assault took place. A white coloured van similar to a Ford Transit appears to be involved and was last seen being driven into Wellington Street from Murdieston Street after the attack.

Detective Inspector David Wagstaff said :

‘The identity and whereabouts of the victim is unknown, we are concerned for this man’s welfare after he was assaulted by a man who punched him repeatedly to the head and body. The attacker is described as a white, with cropped in dark hair, wearing a dark t-shirt. He was accompanied by two other men and a woman.

‘The white van is believed to be similar to Ford Transit van left in the direction of Wellington Street and it is unknown if the victim made off on foot or if he got into the van.

'I would appeal for the victim to contact police as a matter of urgency.

‘Officers have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries in the area to establish if anyone heard or saw the incident, along with reviewing CCTV.

‘If anyone has any information regarding this crime, then please do get in touch with us. Your information could prove vital as we piece together what has happened here and who is responsible.’

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 0487 of 28 May.
