```yaml
area: Scotland
title: 'Police Scotland Equality Outcomes 2021 - 2025: survey now live'
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/police-scotland-equality-outcomes-2021-2025-survey-now-live/
```

It is four years since Police Scotland set its current Equality Outcomes. As part of our duty under the Equality Act 2010, we are required to refresh our outcomes for 2021-2025 to ensure we deliver the best possible service for our staff, as well as the diverse communities we serve.

Your feedback is important and will help shape the Outcomes ensuring they have a positive impact in the areas that need them most. The Equality Outcomes for 2021-25, along with strategic priorities in the Police Scotland/SPA Joint Policing Plan for 2021-2022, will provide the focus of our work in this key area over the next four years.

I am pleased to announce we have launched an online engagement survey, which is open to everyone - members of the public, partner organisations, and police officers & staff.

To help shape the 2021-2025 Equality Outcomes please complete this electronic survey, which will close on Thursday, 14 January, 2021.

All responses are completely anonymous.

The survey can be accessed by anyone, and we are keen to hear from as many people as possible, so please share it with colleagues, family members, friends, and your community, if possible.

Our survey is also available in British Sign Language and Easy Read.

Please contact us via email if you want to complete the survey in a different way (for example, over the phone): consultations@scotland.pnn.police.uk

Your feedback is important and will help shape the Outcomes ensuring they have a positive impact in the areas that need them most. The Equality Outcomes for 2021-25, along with strategic priorities in the Police Scotland/SPA Joint Policing Plan for 2021-2022, will provide the focus of our work in this key area over the next four years.

You can read more about our current Equality Outcomes and also the work Police Scotland has been doing to progress them.

Many thanks,

ACC Gary Ritchie
Partnerships, Prevention and Community Wellbeing
