```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man convicted of causing death of Tomas Svezas in Falkirk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/man-convicted-of-causing-death-of-tomas-svezas-in-falkirk/
```

**Published 9 January 2020**

A man has today, Thursday, 9 January, been convicted and sentenced for the death of Tomas Svezas who died at an address in Falkirk in June 2019.

Zilvinas Popovas, 38, pled guilty to the culpable homicide of the 22-year-old at High Court in Edinburgh.

Popovas and Tomas Svezas had been within the property in Westfield Street on Friday 21st June when an altercation took place, during which time Mr Svezas suffered a fatal stab wound to his chest.

Emergency services were contacted but Mr Svezas was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Popovas was arrested the following day and charged with causing Mr Svezas’s death. He has today been sentenced to six years in prison.

Detective Inspector Barry McDaid from Forth Valley’s Criminal Investigations Department said:

“Tomas Svezas had come to Scotland from his home in Lithuania to work and lived with colleagues in Falkirk. One of those was Zilvinas Popovas who he shared a house with.

“Popovas and Mr Svezas were socialising within the property when Popovas attacked Mr Svezas with a knife, leaving him with injuries so severe he sadly died at the scene.

“Our thoughts and sympathies remain with the family and friends of Mr Svezas and I hope that today’s outcome will offer them some comfort.

“Police Scotland continues to work hard to tackle violence and will always ensure those who commit violent offences are brought before the courts.”
