```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: May
  reference: '1052'
title: Appeal after spate of vandalism in Glenrothes
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-after-spate-of-vandalism-in-glenrothes/
```

**Published 4 May 2020**

Police in Glenrothes are appealing for information following a spate of graffiti vandalisms across the town over the weekend.

A number of signs, business premises, vehicles and public areas were targeted on North Street, and the surrounding central area of Glenrothes. It is believed the premises on North Street were vandalised between late on the night of Saturday, 2 May and the early hours of Sunday, 3 May.
Officers are treating the incidents as linked due to the use of the tagline #EDR and BAM77 on all or most of the vandalisms and are following a positive line of enquiry.

Inspector Kirk Donnelly, of Glenrothes Police Station, said: "The number of vandalisms across the town is shocking and has caused a lot of distress to business and our community especially during such a difficult time.. I am appealing to anyone who may have seen or heard any suspicious activity near the vandalisms to get in touch with police as soon as possible. If you were driving in the area around the time and have a dash-cam, I would ask you to check back for any footage that may assist us with our investigation. I would also appeal to anyone with domestic CCTV near to the areas affected to get in contact with us.

"If you witness a vandalism, I urge you to contact police on 101 at the time so that we can enquire promptly. This disregard for public and private property will not be tolerated in our community and we will investigate these incidents thoroughly."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting reference number 1052 of 3 May. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
