```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '7'
  month: March
  reference: '0522'
title: Re-appeal following fatal road crash in the Shotts area
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/re-appeal-following-fatal-road-crash-in-the-shotts-area/
```

**Published 2 April 2020**

Road Policing officers in Lanarkshire are issuing a fresh appeal for witnesses after a pedestrian died following a serious road crash in Shotts that took place on Saturday, 7 March, 2020.

The crash happened around 2.50am on the B717 Benhar Road and involved a blue Volkswagen Polo and a pedestrian. A second car was known to be in the area but has still to be identified and traced.

The 17-year-old male pedestrian was taken to Wishaw General Hospital following the crash and passed away there on Saturday, 28 March, 2020.

Road Policing Sergeant Andy Shearer said: "Our thoughts are very much with the teenager's family and friends at this difficult time.

"Our enquiries are ongoing into the collision and it's important we establish exactly what happened. I continue to appeal to anyone who witnessed the crash or was driving through the area around the time, and has not yet spoken to police, to come forward with any information or dash-cam footage they have.

"We know that there was a second car near the scene and we urge the driver of that vehicle to come forward to provide information that could prove vital to our investigation and would ask them to contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting reference number 0522 of 7 March.
