```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following death of man in Arbroath
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/witness-appeal-following-death-of-man-in-arbroath/
```

Detectives are appealing for the help of the public following the death of a man in Arbroath.

The incident happened around 6pm on Wednesday, 26 August, in the Spitalfield Place area of the town. A 34-year-old man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. He can be named as Frankie Melvin from Arbroath.

A 41-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detective Inspector Allan Thomson of Dundee CID, said: “This would appear to have been an isolated incident with no threat to the general public or the wider community.”

“An extensive investigation is ongoing and officers are carrying out door to door enquiries in the area and surrounding streets as well as searches.

“I would ask anyone who may come across any items, in their garden for example items of clothing which may have been discarded or any other unusual items, that do not belong to them, that they do not touch these but call us immediately as they may be important to our enquiries.

“I would also ask anyone who may have been in the area around 6pm last night and who may have seen anything unusual at or around Newbigging Drive, Spitalfield Place, or surrounding area, to get in touch.

“In addition, anyone with any CCTV, mobile phone, dash-cam or any other footage that they think would assist the enquiry are asked to contact us.

“Anyone with information that could help officers with their enquiries is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 2702 of Wednesday, 26 August, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
