```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Assault and attempted theft of dog - Livingston, West Lothian
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/assault-and-attempted-theft-of-dog-livingston-west-lothian/
```

**Published 10th June 2020**

Police are appealing for information after a woman was assaulted and an attempt was made to steal her dog in Livingston, West Lothian, on Sunday, 7 June, 2020.

Around 8 pm last night, a 52-year-old woman was walking with her dog, which was on a lead, along the footpath in a wooded area near Nicholson Way, Knightsridge, Livingston, when she was approached by two men who demanded her dog. When she refused, one man grabbed the dog's lead and the other pushed the woman away. A scuffle ensued during which the dog bit one of the men causing both me to run off towards Munro Way, Livingston.

The woman sustained minor injury during the incident. The dog, a German Shepherd/Husky cross breed, was not injured.

The suspects are both white, 5 ft 10 in height, and both had what is thought to be Eastern European accents. One had grey jogging bottoms on, the other dark jeans.

Detective Constable Marc Lunn, Livingston CID, said:

"Officers have been checking CCTV from the area as well as making local enquiries, however, are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area between 7.45 pm and 8.15 pm last night.

"It's quite a popular route for walkers so it's possible someone may have seen the two men loitering in the area or running off afterwards.

"If you have any information that may assist police with the enquiry, then please call officers at Livingston Police Office via 101. Please quote reference number 3444 of 7 June, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
