```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious Assault, Switchback Road, Bearsden, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/serious-assault-switchback-road-bearsden-glasgow/
```

Police are appealing for information after a man was seriously assaulted in Bearsden, Glasgow, on Wednesday, 4 November, 2020.

Around 7.30 pm on Wednesday night, a 32-year-old man was using a pedestrian crossing on Switchback Road, between Ascog Road and Cairnhill Road, Bearsden, when he was struck on the face by a man walking towards him.

He sustained as serious facial injury and was taken by officers to Gartnavel Hospital in Glasgow where he was treated and has since been discharged.

Detective Constable Craig Paterson, Kirkintilloch CID, said:

"There was absolutely no reason or motive for this attack. The man was simply walking along the road minding his own business when the suspect appeared in front of him and struck him.

"So far, the only description of the attacker is that he was white and was wearing dark clothing. Officers are checking CCTV in an effort to trace the suspect but would also appeal to anyone who was in the area and who may have seen the attack to get in touch.

"We know that there were a number of other pedestrians about and the switchback is generally busy with traffic, so if you saw anything, or have dash-cam footage that may help our investigation, then please get in touch with officers."

Information can be provided to Kirkintilloch CID via 101. Please quote reference number 3609 of 4 November, 2020 when calling. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
