```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '2'
  month: January
  reference: '0423'
title: Witness appeal following wilful fire in Peterhead
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/witness-appeal-following-wilful-fire-in-peterhead/
```

**Published 2 January 2020**

Police in Peterhead are appealing for information after a rabbit hutch was deliberately set on fire in the early hours of this morning.

The incident happened around 3.10am at a property on Forman Drive, Clerkhill, on Thursday, 2 January, 2020.

The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service attended and extinguished the fire which left two rabbits badly singed.

Constable Millie Robertson said: "Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of the fire, which we are treating as wilful. This was a reckless and cruel act and we will find out who was responsible.

"The family were woken up by their smoke alarm going off and contacted emergency services. None of the family members were injured as the incident was contained to the hutch outside. They have understandably been left very shaken by what has happened to their pet animals.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity in the Clerkhill area around 3am this morning. The hutch was in the back garden of the property so we believe access to the garden could have been gained by climbing fences of surrounding properties. If you heard or saw anything around this time, please get in touch with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information that may assist the investigation should contact Peterhead Police Office on 101, quoting reference number 0423 of 2 January. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
