```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '5'
  month: August
  reference: 0768
  year: '2020'
title: "Woman Robbed \u2013 Maybole, South Ayrshire"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/woman-robbed-maybole-south-ayrshire/
```

Police at Ayr are continuing enquiries after a woman was robbed whilst out walking her dog in Maybole this morning, Wednesday, 5 August, 2020.

Around 9.40 am today, the 49-year-old woman was walking a small white dog on a grassy area near to Culzean Road and Burns Drive when a man approached her.

The man then tried to grab her personal items, but as the dog started barking, he made off only with a piece of jewellery.

The woman made her way home and alerted police. She did not require any medical attention.

The suspect is described as white, 5ft 10 with a pale complexion. He was wearing black hooded top, dark trousers, dirty white training shoes, blue mask and surgical gloves.

Detective Constable Scott Patterson at Ayr CID said:

“This was a very frightening experience for the woman who thankfully was not seriously injured as a result of the incident.

“I appeal to anyone who was in the vicinity of Culzean Road and Burns Drive around 9.40 am this morning and either witnessed the incident or saw the suspect hanging around the area to contact police immediately.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police at Ayr via telephone number 101, quoting incident number 0768 of 5 August 2020. Alternatively calls can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
