```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '2'
  month: August
  reference: '3336'
title: Investigation into death of man on Manse Road, Kilsyth
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/investigation-into-death-of-man-on-manse-road-kilsyth/
```

Detectives are investigating the death of a 56-year-old man in Kilsyth.

On Sunday, 2 August, 2020, police received a report a man had died within a flat in Manse Road, Kilsyth. Officers attended and discovered 56-year-old Stephen Rintoul deceased within the property.

A post mortem examination was carried out on Monday, 10 August, 2020.

As a result, officers are conducting further enquiries into Stephen’s death. Stephen’s family has been made aware.

A team of detectives is working to piece together Stephen’s movements from Saturday, 25 July, 2020.

The last confirmed contact with Stephen was the afternoon of Saturday, 1 August, 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Kevin Houliston said: “At this time, we are treating Stephen’s death as unexplained.

"Findings from the post mortem merit further enquiry and we need to piece together Stephen’s movements from the 25 July.

“I am asking people to think back over the last few days and consider if they saw Stephen. Did you see him socialise with anyone, do you know where he was, who did he meet and who did he speak to?

"This information will assist us in piecing everything together and establishing the circumstances of Stephen’s death.

"Stephen’s family is understandably very upset and trying to come to terms with what has happened. We are keeping them fully informed of any developments.”

Anyone with information is asked to call officers on 01506 445345 quoting incident number 3336 of 2 August. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
