```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drugs Recovery - Redpoll Place, Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/drugs-recovery-redpoll-place-greenock/
```

A 48-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with the recovery of Etizolam pills worth an estimated street value of £90,000.

Around 6am on Wednesday, 20 January, 2021, officers, acting under warrant, searched an address on Redpoll Place, Greenock. More than 170,000 tablets were removed.

The man has been released on an undertaking and will appear at a later date. A full report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.

Detective Inspector Robert Bowie, from Renfrewshire & Inverclyde’s Serious and Organised Crime team, said: “This is a significant recovery that will remove more than 170,000 Etizolam tablets from the streets of Renfrewshire and Inverclyde. We take a proactive approach to target those who are involved in the supply of drugs and today’s intelligence led operation shows our commitment to dealing with this issue.”

Chief Inspector Paul Cameron, Area Commander for Renfrewshire and Inverclyde, said: “Targeting those involved in the manufacture, sale and supply of controlled drugs depends on the continued support from our local communities.

“I would like to thank members of the public who have come forward with vital information which assisted our investigations and I would urge anyone who has any information or concerns surrounding drugs in their area to contact police.”

Anyone with concerns can call officers on 101 or alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
