```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '18'
  month: July
  reference: '3629'
title: Appeal following serious assault in Renfrew
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-renfrew/
```

**Published 19 July 2020**

Officers in Renfrew are appealing for witnesses following a serious assault in the Ferry Village area.

The incident happened around 8.00pm on Saturday, 18 July, within a property on Kenley Road when a disturbance broke out at a flat party.

A 23-year-old man and a 27-year-old man were both seriously assaulted and were taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital where the 23-year-old remains. The 27-year-old man was released following treatment.

Following the incident the suspect fled the property. He is described as being black, around 5ft 11ins tall and of a skinny build with short black hair. At the time of the incident he was wearing a white Nike top with a red tick and black jeans.

Detective Sergeant Jason Buxton from Paisley CID said: “Enquiries into the circumstances surrounding this incident are ongoing.

“Officers are following a positive live of investigation and I would like to provide reassurance that there is no ongoing threat to the wider public.

“We are keen to talk to anyone who may have been in the Ferry Village area around the time of this incident who might have seen the man described or who may have dashcam footage of the area.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 3629 of 18 July, or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
