```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '4127'
title: Appeal following fatal crash, B792 Torphichen to Bathgate
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-following-fatal-crash-b792-torphichen-to-bathgate/
```

Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in West Lothian.

It happened around 11.05pm on Sunday, 20 September, on the B792 Torphichen to Bathgate road and involved a pedestrian and an untraced vehicle.

A 53-year-old man was struck by an, as yet, unidentified vehicle. The driver of the vehicle failed to stop.

Emergency services attended and the man was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment to serious injury, he sadly died a short time later.

The road remains closed to allow investigations to be conducted.

Inspector Peter Houston from Police Scotland’s Road Policing Unit said: “This was a serious incident and our thoughts at this time are with the family and friends of the man who sadly lost his life.

“Our enquiries into the cause of the crash are continuing and I would ask anyone who saw what happened, and has not yet spoken to officers, to come forward.

“We are particularly interested to speak to anyone who was on the B792 before the collision, and may have seen the deceased walking, he was wearing all dark clothing. Equally, we would like to speak to anyone who may have seen a dark vehicle in the area, either before or after, the time of the collision, it may have had fresh damage.

“Anyone with information or anyone who may dashcam footage which can help the investigation is asked to contact police on 101, quoting incident number 4127 of Sunday 20 September.”
