```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '22'
  month: July
  reference: '3569'
title: Robbery in Clydebank
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/robbery-in-clydebank/
```

**Published 23 July 2020**

Detectives at Clydebank are appealing for information after a robbery at a pub on Wednesday, 22 July, 2020.

Around 9.45pm on Wednesday evening, two men entered Cleddans Bar in Kilbowie Road, Clydebank and threatened staff. The men then entered an office and stole items from within. They made off in the direction of Radn or Street.

The bar staff were uninjured but badly shaken as a result of the robbery.

The first suspect is described as being of medium build, wearing a black jacket with his hood up, dark coloured trousers and trainers and a blue face mask.

The second suspect is described as being of medium build, and he was wearing a dark-coloured North Face jacket, dark coloured trousers and trainers that has a white trim around the sole.

Detective Constable Stuart Lindsay from Clydebank Police Office said:

“We have been carrying out enquiries in the local area and gathering CCTV footage to establish more information on the exact circumstances surrounding this incident.

“This is a busy area and I would ask anyone with information or anyone who may have seen these two men acting suspiciously before or after the robbery to contact us.”

Information can be passed to Clydebank Police Office through 101 quoting reference number 3569 of 22 July. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.
