```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lee Thomson jailed for serious domestic abuse offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/lee-thomson-jailed-for-serious-domestic-abuse-offences/
```

**Published 21 February 2020**

Lee Thomson (26) of Lochgelly was sentenced to nine years’ imprisonment at Edinburgh High Court today, Friday 21 February, 2020 for a catalogue of serious sexual and violent offences against three partners which occurred between 2012 and 2019.

Detective Constable Lesley Couper at the Divisional Rape Investigation Unit in Glenrothes said:

“The accused has been found guilty of a number of charges including multiple rapes, physical assaults and abduction. He carried out a sustained period of physical and sexual abuse against three partners over a period of seven years and caused one of his victims to sustain a severe injury.

“I must pay tribute to the bravery of these women for having the strength to come forward and report the years of abuse they endured and commend them for the courage they have shown throughout court proceedings, which has been instrumental in securing this conviction.

“I hope that today’s outcome gives the women some sort of closure and sends a clear message to anyone who thinks it’s acceptable to treat anyone in this way.

"We welcome the sentencing today and his placement on the Sex Offenders register indefinitely means that he will be the subject of monitoring and supervision to restrict his ability to cause harm to anyone else.

“Police Scotland is committed to tackling domestic abuse and no-one should ever feel that they are alone or in a position of fear. I would encourage other individuals suffering from domestic abuse to have the strength to come forward and report crimes of this nature.

“Domestic crime, in all its forms, remains one of Police Scotland’s top priorities. Any disclosures made will be investigated thoroughly with the utmost professionalism and sensitivity to bring perpetrators to justice. We will continue to work with partner agencies to ensure victims of domestic abuse are supported and to ensure their safety and wellbeing.”
