```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: August
  reference: '0365'
title: Man seriously assaulted in Bank Street, Falkirk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/man-seriously-assaulted-in-bank-street-falkirk/
```

Police are appealing for information following a serious assault in Falkirk on Sunday, 23 August, 2020.

Around 1:10am, a 29-year-old man was in Bank Street near to the Carron Works pub, when he was seriously assaulted. The man sustained a serious head injury in the attack and was taken to the Western General Hospital for treatment.

Officers are checking for any relevant CCTV footage which could assist their investigation.

Enquiries carried out so far have revealed that two men were seen leaving the area a short time after the assault. The men made their way up towards Vicar Street and officers are appealing to these two men to contact them.

The first man is white, with a medium build, in his late teens to early 20s, with dark, curly hair. He was wearing a black sweatshirt with stripes across the shoulders, dark coloured trousers and dark coloured trainers.

The second man is white, with a slim build, in his early 20s, with straight brown hair. He was wearing a navy sweatshirt, dark coloured trousers and dark coloured trainers.

Detective Inspector Rob Andrews of Falkirk CID said: “I am appealing to anyone who may have information regarding this assault to contact us. In particular, anyone driving nearby who may have dash cam footage. We are also keen to speak to the two men seen leaving Bank Street immediately after the assault.

“I would also like to reassure the local community that additional patrols will be in the area and anyone with concerns can approach these officers. Attacks such as this will not be tolerated in the town centre and anyone with information is urged to contact us.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 0365 of 23 August. Alternatively, you can speak to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where you can give your information anonymously.
