```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Woman dies following disturbance at property in Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/woman-dies-following-disturbance-at-property-in-edinburgh/
```

**Published 25 January 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm that a woman has died following a report of a disturbance at a property in the east of Edinburgh.

At around 6.50pm on Friday, 24 January, 2020 officers attended a property in Restalrig Circus.

A 79-year-old woman was taken from the property by the Scottish Ambulance Service to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary where she died later that night.

The death is being treated as unexplained and inquiries are ongoing.

Officers are eager to speak to a man who was near the address at the time and they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.

He is described as white, aged between 20 and 30-years-old, about 5ft 6ins tall with combed back dark hair and a Scottish accent.

He was wearing dark clothing with a top which possibly has white sleeves.

Officers remain in attendance at the scene and inquiries into the full circumstances of the incident are ongoing.

Chief Inspector David Happs, Local Area Commander said: "Our enquiries into this incident are at an early stage and ongoing. The local community will see an increased police presence in the area over the coming days.

"Our thoughts at this time are with the family and friends of the woman who has died and specialist officers are providing her next of kin with the necessary support.”

Anyone who may have been in the Restalrig Circus area yesterday evening, or who recognises the description of the man police wish to speak to, or who holds any information around this incident, are urged to get in touch with officers as soon as possible.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident 3175 of 24 January. Information can also be given anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
