```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Woman who died in crash on the A96 named
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/woman-who-died-in-crash-on-the-a96-named/
```

**Published 29 April**

Police Scotland can now confirm the identity of the woman who died as a result of a road crash on the A96 near Fochabers on Tuesday, 28 April.
She was Leigh-Anne Wood, 28, of Elgin.

Her family has asked that the following statement is released through Police Scotland:

"We are devastated by the tragic loss of our beautiful, warm, fun loving, caring wife, mother, daughter, sister and friend to so many.

"The family would like to thank everyone who stopped and assisted at the scene of the accident and to all the Emergency Services for the compassion shown towards both Leigh-Anne and the family.

"Thank you to everyone for their well wishes and for all the messages of support."
The collision happened on the A96 near Dramlachs, just over a mile south-east of Fochabers shortly before 8.40am.

Leigh-Anne was the driver and sole occupant of a grey Peugeot 2008 which was involved in a collision with a red Audi A3 and a white Ford Transit van.

The male driver and passenger from the Ford suffered non-life threatening injuries, while the male driver of the Audi was uninjured.

Sergeant Scott Deans of the Road Policing Department said: "Our thoughts at this sad time are with the families of those involved in this collision.

"We have spoken to several witnesses but would still like to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision, has dash-cam footage of that area at that time, or if they have seen any of the vehicles involved near that location around the time of the collision, who has not yet come forward,
"You can contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 0598 of 28 April."
