```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information after bus attacks - Broughty Ferry
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-for-information-after-bus-attacks-broughty-ferry/
```

**Published 21 February 2020**

Police are appealing for information after stones were deliberately thrown at two buses in Broughty Ferry this week.

Around 9.50 pm on Monday, 17 February, 2020 and 10.10 pm on Thursday, 20 February, 2020, two separate local service buses, traveling eastwards on Monifieth Road near to Orchar Park, Broughty Ferry, had their windscreens smashed by a large stone thrown at them from the side of the road.

The 50-year-old driver of the bus on the Monday night sustained cuts and bruises to his face and hands. The 29-year-old driver of the bus on Thursday was not injured. No passengers were injured.

Sergeant Chris Grieve, Longhaugh Police Station, Dundee, said:

“Thankfully on this occasion neither the bus driver nor their passengers were seriously injured, however, these attacks are not without consequence. Imagine what could have happened if the bus had veered off the road and struck pedestrians or other drivers. This is a residential area and even at this time of night there are a lot of people about.

“Whoever is responsible for these attacks had no thoughts for the safety of others or the impact of their actions.

“Officers are checking CCTV and making enquiries and would appeal to anyone who may have seen people congregating around the park nearby or who may have any information that will assist our enquiries.

“Information can be passed to officers at Longhaugh Police Station, Dundee, via 101. Please quote reference numbers 4088 of 17 February and 3991 of 20 February, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
