```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Call for witnesses as elderly Hamilton man robbed in his home
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/call-for-witnesses-as-elderly-hamilton-man-robbed-in-his-home/
```

Detectives in Hamilton are appealing for information after an elderly man was robbed at his home twice in the past week.

The incidents took place at a flat in the May Gardens area of Hamilton and have left the 84-year-old shaken as a result.

The first incident took place sometime between Sunday, 27 September, and Monday, 28 September, when two women gained access to the building and asked to use the victim’s bathroom. After they left, the victim discovered that a mid-three figure sum has been stolen from his home.

The woman who is believed to have stolen the money is described as being around 40 to 45-years-old, white, approximately 5ft 5 in height, with a stocky build, blonde hair and a local accent. Her accomplice was also white, slightly taller, with a slim build, black hair and was wearing a dark-coloured scarf.

At around 8pm yesterday (Thursday, 1 October), the first woman returned to the property, this time accompanied by a man. The two stole a larger three-figure sum from the victim and assaulted him when he tried to stop them.

The male suspect is described as being in his 50s or 60s, white, approximately 6ft tall, with a big build and a local accent.

Detective Sergeant Kevin Clark, from Lanarkshire CID, said: “These are two absolutely despicable crimes, which have left the victim embarrassed, shaken and fearing for his safety in his own home.

“We are appealing to anyone with any information to come forward, particularly if you believe you may have seen the suspects in or around the area on either of these occasions.

“Incidents like this also drive home the importance of ensuring you don’t open your door to anyone you are not certain of. Never let anyone make you feel pressured into letting them into your home, for whatever reason.

“We would also ask people to look out for family members and neighbours who may be vulnerable, and may be seen as an easy target for this sort of crime.”

Anyone with any information on these incidents is urged to call police on 101, quoting incident 3275 of 1 October. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
