```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following robbery in Newton Road, Lenzie
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-robbery-in-newton-road-lenzie/
```

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information following a robbery in Lenzie.

The incident happened around 5pm on Thursday, 17 December, at a property on Newton Road.

Three unidentified men entered the property and threatened the occupants with weapons before stealing jewellery, personal items and a four figure sum of cash. No one was hurt in the incident.

The first man is described as being around 5ft 6ins tall, of a stocky build and bald. He was wearing a grey top, black trousers and black boots.

The other two men are described as being around 5ft 10ins to 6ft tall, both of slim builds and wearing all black with black boots. All three men spoke with either Irish or foreign accents.

Police Constable Bryan Evans of Greater Glasgow Community Investigation Unit said: “This was a terrifying ordeal for those involved, who although not physically hurt, have been left quite shaken.

“I am appealing to anyone who may have been in the area around the time of the incident and may have noticed anything suspicious to please contact police.

“I would also like to take this opportunity to remind householders within the area to remain vigilant and ensure your property is locked and secured at all times.”

Anyone with information can call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 2679 of 18 December. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
