```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Attempted robbery - Orchard Park, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/attempted-robbery-orchard-park-glasgow/
```

Police are appealing for information after a man tried to rob a teenage girl of her phone in the south side of Glasgow on Tuesday, 22 December, 2020.

Around 6.45 pm, a 14-year-old girl was walking along the lane from Robslee Drive to Burnfield Road, Orchard Park, Glasgow, when she was grabbed from behind by a man who demanded her phone. However, she managed to break free and ran off. She was not injured but was understandably upset by what happened.

The man is described as Asian in appearance, in his late teens, of average build, with black hair which was longer on top and shaved into the neck. He was wearing dark clothing; a black Puffer style jacket, black Adidas jogging bottoms with a white strip on the leg, dark trainers, and glasses. He ran off towards Robslee Drive after the attack.

Constable Heather Ferry, Crime Investigation Unit, Govan Police Station, Glasgow, said:

"Thankfully the girl was not injured and managed to get help nearby but this was a very frightening and upsetting experience for her.

"The lane she was walking through is in a mainly residential area, however, there are a few local shops which would still have been open at the time. It's also not that far from Rouken Glen Park which is popular with walkers, joggers etc. I would appeal to anyone who was in the area last night, particularly between 6 pm and 7pm, who may have seen a man fitting the description hanging about the area, to get in touch."

Information can be passed to officers at Govan Police Station via 101 quoting reference number 2714 of Tuesday, 22 December, 2020, or anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
