```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: February
  reference: 0298
title: "Two Men Seriously Assaulted \u2013 Jamaica Street, Glasgow"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/two-men-seriously-assaulted-jamaica-street-glasgow/
```

**Published 1 March 2020**

Police in Glasgow City Centre are continuing enquiries and appealing for information after two men were assaulted in Jamaica Street, Glasgow in the early hours of Saturday, 29 February, 2020.

Around 1 am on Saturday, 29 February, two men aged 23 and 25 years were within McDonalds in Jamaica Street, Glasgow. The 23- year-old man tried to diffuse an argument between four men when one of the men assaulted him causing him a facial injury and damage to his teeth.

The disturbance then continued outside at Currys PC World in Jamaica Street and at this time the 25-year-old man tried to assist and he also was attacked by the suspects. He also suffered facial injuries.

The two injured men then sought refuge at the Euro Hostel in Clyde Street and police were called. They were then taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary where they were treated for their injuries before being released

The suspects are described as:
1/ white male, aged 16-17 years, 5ft 11, short brown hair wearing a dark blue jumper and black jeans.

2/ white male, ginger hair wearing a yellow jacket and black jeans.

3/ white male, aged 20-30 years, 6ft 1 to 6ft 2, slim build, dark coloured short hair, wearing a black tracksuit.

4/ tall male, stocky build wearing a hooded jacket with the hood up and a snood or similar covering his face.

The suspects were also in the company of a woman who did not get involved in the incident. There is no description of her at this time.

Detective Constable Paul Hendry at Stewart CID said:

“I know that Jamaica Street was busy at the time this disturbance took place and therefore I’m certain that there would have been many people who witnessed the two men being assaulted.

“I urge anyone who witnessed the assaults or anyone who recognises the descriptions of the suspects to contact police at Glasgow City Centre, Stewart Street via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 0298 of 29 February, 2020.”

Alternatively calls can be made via Crimestoppers via 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
