```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drugs and violence targeted in Tayside
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/drugs-and-violence-targeted-in-tayside/
```

More than 1,100 drug offences were recorded in just six months as officers continued to carry out proactive activity across Tayside to keep communities safe.

Tayside’s Divisional Commander has thanked the public and our partners for the support shown to police officers, staff and Special Constables over the past few months as the latest crime figures for the region are published. The Management Information figures for Q2 2020-21 released today - which cover the period April 1 to September 30 - highlight a drop in overall crime of almost 100 incidents in comparison to the same period last year.

Proactive activity also resulted in more than 350 crimes involving offensive or bladed weapons being detected, while crucial work has been ongoing with our partners to identify and protect those most vulnerable at this particularly challenging time.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent Andrew Todd said: “While there has been a reduction in groups such as sexual crimes and housebreakings which is always welcomed, it must be recognised that these figures were recorded during an unprecedented time therefore care must be taken to avoid drawing conclusions. The reality is it could be many months, perhaps even years, before we fully understand the impact Covid-19 has had in Scotland.

“What I can say with some certainty is that Tayside Division has continued to work extremely hard to protect our communities – statistics tell only part of the story, and the role of policing has been vast to help support the most vulnerable people while providing reassurance to the people we serve. I am extremely grateful to the overwhelming majority of the public who have supported us throughout and I can provide every assurance that Police Scotland remains committed to supporting you and building on the critical relationship we have with our partners to help those at risk.”

Police Scotland also published its Performance Report today which revealed that instances of some crimes are returning to pre-lockdown figures nationally, however fraud and online child abuse continue to rise sharply. Crimes of fraud have increased by 45.4% in the first six months of 2020-21 compared to the same period last year and are 83.4% above the five year average. Online child sexual abuse is up by 18.4% year on year and by 35.8% when compared to the five year average during the same period.

Chief Superintendent Todd added: “An increase in these particular crimes has also been recorded locally and, as Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor said today, our cyber strategy sets out a clear direction for how we will tackle the threat, risk and harm from digitally-enabled offences. Officers are still out in your communities however the online space is becoming a bigger part of frontline policing, and we need the public to be on their guard and do what they can to prevent becoming a victim of crime.”

The Divisional Commander added: “Please continue to take care of yourself and your loved ones, and look out for those at potential risk. We have maintained a strong level of public confidence in Scottish policing over the past few months and it is crucial we maintain this by continuing to respond in your communities proportionately and appropriately.”
