```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Anti-social behaviour in Perth - Operation Stung
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/anti-social-behaviour-in-perth-operation-stung/
```

The past few months have seen a concerning increase in anti-social behaviour in Perth – particularly in the City Centre, on the Inches and at Moncrieff Island. Police Scotland have therefore launched Operation Stung, which is aimed at reducing incidents of violence and anti-social behaviour, while also protecting those in the wider community who have been effected by this behaviour.

Incidents of concern have ranged from minor incidents to serious violence with the use of weapons causing significant injury. There have also been instances of members of the public, including the elderly, being verbally abused and intimidated by groups of young people, which is completely unacceptable.

Hundreds of young people have been involved in drinking and rowdy behaviour, which has been alarming for residents and people passing by. Recently there has been an escalation to violence, and evidence that weapons are being carried and used. Young people have been found so drunk they are unable to protect themselves and so are vulnerable to abuse. Police officers are very worried about the safety of these young people.

Police contact with young people routinely finds they are under the influence of alcohol, often to the extent that they are incapable of looking after themselves or others. Young people are regularly conveyed home to a parent or carer, and on some occasions arrested due to their conduct towards the officers.

Police Scotland officers are active in the prevention of the purchase of alcohol by persons under the age of 18 years, or by a person legal age purchasing it on behalf of under 18s, and will continue to take action against anyone committing this offence.

All of this also impacts on Perth & Kinross Council, who have to deal with repairing damage, cleaning areas where containers and general rubbish is discarded, including broken bottles which could easily cause injury.

We understand that this has been a difficult year for everyone, and that due to current restrictions there is nowhere open for young people to go to get together, but this is no excuse for the behaviour we have been seeing recently, which is getting out of hand. A young man stabbed on Moncrieff Island a few weeks ago could easily have died. A 16 year old boy has been arrested and charged in connection with this incident.

In an effort to reduce this anti-social behaviour, Perth & Kinross Council and Police Scotland are working closely with partners such as the Community Wardens, Street Pastors, Services for Young People and the Fire Service to make sure young people are as safe as possible and signpost them to youth work activities in which they can participate responsibly and safely.

Sheena Devlin, Executive Director of Education and Children’s Services with Perth & Kinross Council said: “We know the vast majority of young people in Perth & Kinross do not engage in anti-social behaviour.

“We also understand that the constraints as a result of the pandemic have prevented children and young people from socialising as normal.

“Youths who are congregating are behaving in a manner that is upsetting to many others, and they are also putting themselves at risk of Coronavirus infection.

“Our community wardens and Services for Young People will work with Police Scotland other partners to tackle anti-social behaviour and signpost young people to youth work activities in which they can participate responsibly and safely. We will also be reminding our children and young people of the need to follow Scottish Government and public health guidance.”

Chief Inspector Graham Binnie, Perth & Kinross Local Area Commander said: “Police officers will always target those responsible for violence and those who wish to supply alcohol or controlled substances to young people in contravention of current legislation.

“Our intention is also to keep young people on the periphery of anti-social behaviour and violence safe and involve young people more in responses to community and policing issues, particularly in light of the constraints apparent as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic.

“However, we still need the assistance of parents and carers, and we would ask you to do the following regarding your children when they are not at home:

 * Know where they are.
 * Know who they’re with.
 * Make sure you can contact them if required.
 * Educate them in relation to alcohol and risks involved

“Also, it is imperative we all comply with the current Covid-19 guidelines as everyone is as equally vulnerable to catching and spreading this disease. This is difficult as it changes regularly, however is important in keeping all family members and residents of Perth safe, keeping numbers of infections and necessary isolations down. Be aware your child’s associates may be from an area under stricter guidelines / measures. Large groups encourage COVID to spread.”

Current guidance can be found at: https://www.gov.scot/collections/coronavirus-covid-19-guidance/
