```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '7'
  month: November
  reference: '2041'
title: Appeal following bogus workman call, Causeway Road, Darvel
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-following-bogus-workman-call-causeway-road-darvel/
```

Police in Ayrshire are appealing for information following a bogus workmen incident in Darvel.

The incident happened around 2.30pm on Saturday, 7 November, on Causeway Road.

A man, posed as a member of “Health & Safety” to gain entry to the property of a vulnerable, 74-year-old man, who lives alone. He was not injured in the incident.

The suspect distracted the man and stole a four figure sum of cash from the property.

He is described as being of a in his thirties, around 5ft 6ins tall with dark hair. At the time of the incident he was wearing a long sleeved light coloured shirt with a light coloured jumper or gillet on top and wore a light coloured mask over his face.

Detective Constable Stevie Williams from Kilmarnock CID said:

“This was a distressing incident for the elderly man involved and we are carrying out extensive inquiries, including door to door and checking all available CCTV, in order to trace the man responsible for these crimes.

“As always, I’d urge people to be vigilant if an unknown caller attends your property claiming they need access.

“Please ensure you check their identities first and if you have any concerns whatsoever about their intentions, please call a family member, a trusted friend, neighbour or police.

“I would appeal to anyone who saw the man described in the area or noticed anyone acting suspiciously or out of place to get in touch.”

Anyone with any information which can help this enquiry is asked to contact police on 101, quoting incident number 2041 of 7 November. Alternatively if you wish to give information anonymously, please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
