```yaml
area: Scotland
title: "Man charged following \xA31.2 million drugs recovery"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/man-charged-following-1-2-million-drugs-recovery/
```

**Published 24 July 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm that a man has been arrested and charged in connection with drug offences following a cocaine recovery worth an estimated £1.2 million.

As part of an ongoing operation, officers from Dumfries and Galloway Road Policing stopped a Mercedes Benz Sprinter van on the M74 northbound, near Abington, around 4.15pm on Thursday, 23 July 2020.

Following a search of the vehicle, 30 kilograms of cocaine with an estimated street value of £1.2 million was recovered.

A 33-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with the incident and is due to appear at Airdrie Sherriff Court on Friday, 24 July, 2020.

A full report has been sent to the Procurator Fiscal.

Detective Superintendent Alan O' Brien, of the Organised Crime Unit, said: “A recovery of this size shows the hard work our committed officers are putting in to help eradicate the supply of drugs in our communities.

“This type of behaviour will not be tolerated and we are determined to continue the disruption and supply of drugs throughout the country.

“I would ask that if anyone has any information relating to the distribution of drugs that they contact officers.

“We will always take action on any intelligence we receive about the supply of drugs and would continue to appeal to anyone who has any concerns to get in contact with police through 101. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
