```yaml
area: Scotland
title: High-value housebreaking - Crosslee Crescent, Houston, Renfrewshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/high-value-housebreaking-crosslee-crescent-houston-renfrewshire/
```

Police are appealing for information following a high-value housebreaking in Houston, Renfrewshire, on Friday, 16 October, 2020.

Around 7.45 pm, a house in Crosslee Crescent, Houston, was broken into and jewellery and cash, with a combined six-figure value, was stolen.

Detective Constable Malcolm Clark, Paisley CID, said:

“The householders, both in their late 70s, were just returning home when they saw that someone had broken in. They also think that they disturbed the housebreakers who appear to have run off from the house through neighbouring gardens and possibly into Houston Road.

"The jewellery stolen was Asian gold and of significant sentimental value to the family.

"We believe that this house was deliberately targeted; the thieves knew what was in the house and where it was kept. So, it's possible that the thieves may have been in the area - maybe even days before - observing the home and the movements of the householders.

"If you were in Crosslee Crescent at the time of the break-in, or indeed in the days just prior to the incident, then please contact police as the information you have may be vital to catching those responsible.

"We're keen to get any dash-cam footage as well from the area.

"As you can image the family is very, very upset and it is imperative that we find those responsible.

"Information can be passed to officers at Paisley CID via 101. Please quote reference number 3250 of 16 October, 2020. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111."
