```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Launch of Fife Festive Campaign 2020
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/launch-of-fife-festive-campaign-2020/
```

Police in Fife have teamed up with a local charity to promote good mental health and a safe festive season.

The past nine months have seen communities in the Kingdom endure significant challenges and sacrifices as a result of coronavirus and the ongoing efforts to stop its spread.

This has resulted in many people becoming isolated from friends and family and to try and minimise isolation over Christmas, and into the New Year, police are working alongside the Curnie Clubs organisation.

Curnie Clubs support people who are socially isolated and help develop their social skills and confidence within the community to improve their quality of life.

The charity provides therapeutic group work that helps its clients become self-sufficient and self-sustaining, while building friendships and support networks.

As part of Fife Division's festive campaign, officers will be providing the usual advice on guidance on how the public can enjoy a safe and crime-free Christmas. In addition, messaging from Curnie Clubs on how to prevent isolation over the holiday season will also be shared on the division's various social media platforms.

Despite the ongoing restrictions in place, Fife officers will provide a high-visibility presence in areas that normally experience high footfall during the coming weeks to deter crime, offer reassurance and deal with any issues that arise.

Similarly, appropriate resources are in place to respond to any and all incidents, which occur during the Christmas and New Year period.

Chief Superintendent Derek McEwan, Divisional Commander for Fife, said: "Myself and all of my officers recognise how profoundly challenging this year has been and I want to once again thank everyone for their continued support and compliance of the existing legislation and restrictions.

"While your preparations and planning for Christmas and New Year 2020 may have had a different feel than in previous years, please rest assured that Fife Division has maintained its commitment to keeping our communities safe throughout the festive period and local policing teams are well resourced to assist and respond to any demands we face in the coming weeks.

"In addition to the traditional safety messaging, we will be issuing across our social media channels this holiday season, we will also be providing a platform for the very worthwhile charity, Curnie Clubs, so they can provide the public with some useful information in preventing isolation and loneliness.

"I am extremely grateful Curnie Clubs for their support and look forward to working with them as we aim to tackle loneliness, isolation and other factors that can impact on people's mental health.

"To receive our festive safety and crime prevention advice, as well as the information from Curnie Clubs, please like our Fife Policing Division Facebook page and follow us on Twitter @FifePolice."
