```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Prohibition notice served at premises in Falkirk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/prohibition-notice-served-at-premises-in-falkirk/
```

Following last week's announcement from the Scottish Government that Falkirk would move into level 2 of the coronavirus regulations, police officers and environmental health officers carried out joint visits to a number of licensed premises on Saturday, 12 December.

Officers positively engaged with staff and patrons at most venues, however, one was found to be operating in breach of the legislation, which included a lack of social distancing and alcohol being served indoors without a meal.

As a result, the person responsible for the venue has been charged in connection with a number of offences, and our partners from Environmental Health have issued a prohibition notice requiring the premises to close.

Chief Inspector Chris Stewart, Falkirk Area Commander, said: "It's important to highlight that our approach has not changed. The main purpose of these joint visits is to engage with the hospitality and licensing trade and support them in complying with the regulations.

"However, the circumstances encountered at this particular venue amounted to a complete disregard for the restrictions and a risk to public health.

"We will continue to work with our partners in Environmental Health and further joint visits will take place across the Falkirk area to support the hospitality and licensing trade.

"We look forward to continuing to engage with staff, and members of the community, to aid the collective effort in reducing the spread of the virus across Falkirk. Where necessary, we will take enforcement action in order to protect public."
