```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Housebreaking in Darnick
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/housebreaking-in-darnick/
```

An investigation is under way after a house in Charlesfield Place, Darnick was broken into and an attempt made to steal property from within.

Around 5:10pm on Tuesday, 15 December, 2020, a woman returned home to find her house had been broken into. As she entered, two men shouted at her and ran past her out the front door.

The lady was not injured in the incident, however, she has been left badly shaken.

The men responsible are described as between 20 and 30 years old, with neat hairstyles. Both were wearing smart casual clothing, one wearing a grey V-neck jumper. Both were wearing face masks.

Officers have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries and are checking for any relevant CCTV footage which could assist in the investigation.

Community Policing Sergeant Stephen Granger said: “I am appealing for people in the area to think back to yesterday, did you notice anything suspicious or see the suspects run off? The lady returning home has obviously disturbed the two men and they have fled empty-handed. It’s imperative we trace them and I would urge anyone with any information of this crime to contact us, no matter how insignificant it may seem, please pass it on.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 2354 of Tuesday, 15 December, 2020. Alternatively, you can pass your information anonymously on to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
