```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assault in Springburn area
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-springburn-area/
```

**Published 30 May 2020**

Detectives in Glasgow are appealing for witnesses following an assault which took place in the Springburn Way area on Thursday, 28 May.

The incident happened at around 3.50pm, when a 34-year-old man was assaulted by four men in the rear garden of a property.

The four suspects had arrived in a dark-coloured car, parking it in the residents’ car park, before three returned to the vehicle and fled at speed, in the direction of Atlas Road. The final suspect ran away in the same direction.

Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary with serious injuries, and has since been released.

Three of the suspects are described as:
Man 1 – white, medium build and bare chested, with black trousers and black trainers
Man 2 – white, wearing a black hooded top and Skip cap
Man 3 – white, wearing a Nike t-shirt and shorts

Detective Constable Andrew Barbour, from Maryhill CID, said: “This type of violent behaviour is completely unacceptable and officers are carrying out extensive door-to-door and CCTV enquiries to trace those responsible.

“We know that there were members of the public around the area at the time and are appealing for people to please come forward, whether you have seen the assault take place or the vehicle used by the suspects.

“Our enquiries have so far shown a large volume of private and commercial vehicles traveling along the street at the time, so please review any dashcam footage and contact Police Scotland.”

Anyone with information is urged to call Police on 101, quoting incident 2425 of 28 May. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.”
