```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '10'
  month: September
  reference: '4132'
title: Man seriously assaulted on Donaldson Street, Burnbank
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/man-seriously-assaulted-on-donaldson-street-burnbank/
```

Detectives are continuing enquiries following a serious assault in Burnbank.

Around 4:30pm on Thursday 10 September 2020, police received a report a 36-year-old man had been assaulted within a stairwell in Donaldson Street, Burnbank. Emergency services attended and the man was initially taken to Hairmyres Hospital. He has since been transferred to Monklands Hospital.

Enquiries carried out so far have revealed the three men walked into the building and assaulted the 36-year-old as he was coming down the stairs. Following the attack, the three suspects got into a silver coloured Seat Altea and drove off towards Glasgow Road, Burnbank.

The three men were all wearing dark coloured clothing and are described as being of medium builds. One of the men was wearing a baseball cap.

Door-to-door enquiries have been carried out and CCTV will be reviewed for any additional information.

Detective Constable Stephen Gordon said “We are trying to establish the motive for this attack. I am appealing to local residents to contact us with any information. The car would have been parked outside the building and I would ask anyone who may have seen it or the suspects to contact us. Also, I would ask any motorists with dash cam who were in the surrounding area around the time of the incident to check their footage. It’s possible it could have captured images of the silver Seat car which could assist our investigation.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 4132 of 10 September, 2020. Altern
