```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following armed robbery on Lothian Road, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-following-armed-robbery-on-lothian-road-edinburgh/
```

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for information following an armed robbery in the City.

The incident happened around 2.45am on Thursday, 6 August, 2020 when a man entered the Costcutter Store on Lothian Road and threatened a member of staff with a knife.

He then demanded money from the till drawer before leaving on foot in the direction of Princes Street with a small quantity of cash.

The suspect is described as a white man, around 5ft 8in tall and of a slim build. At the time of the incident he was wearing a black hooded top, black tracksuit bottoms, grey woollen gloves and his face was covered with black sunglasses and a red scarf.

Detective Sergeant Keith Taylor, of Edinburgh CID, said: “Thankfully nobody has been injured as a result of this incident but the member of staff has been left evidently shaken.

“Although this happened in the early hours of the morning, I would ask that if anyone noticed a man matching this description or anyone acting suspicious in the area to get in contact with police.

“I would also ask if anyone has any dashcam or CCTV footage of the surrounding area and may have information that could assist with our investigation to come forward.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 0400 of Thursday, 6 August, 2020. Alternatively, the charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
