```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-following-assault-in-glasgow/
```

**Published 22nd June 2020**

Detectives are continuing enquiries following an assault in George Square, Glasgow on Sunday, 14 June, 2020.

Between the hours of 1:30pm and 2pm on 14 June, 2020, a 34-year-old man was in George Square taking photographs of protests near to the Counting House, when he was approached by two men who shouted racist and homophobic abuse at him.

The man moved away towards the south west area of George Square, near Greggs, where he was surrounded by a group of youths who verbally abused and assaulted him. The man thereafter made his way to North Frederick Street to leave the protest when he was further racially abused by another group of three men.

The man did not require medical treatment.

Officers are studying CCTV footage from that day for any additional information it may provide.

There is limited information on the suspects. However, they are white men, mostly wearing dark coloured clothing. One man was wearing an orange jacket, one was wearing a white top with stripes and a further man was wearing a dark jacket with the hood up and a scarf covering his face.

Detectives are appealing for anyone with information, images or photographs of the incident to contact them.

Detective Inspector Sarah McArthur said.

“This was a frightening experience for the victim. The disorder that occurred that day is unacceptable and retrospective inquiries continue. I would appeal to the law abiding people who were in George Square that day who may have witnessed this assault or have any information on the males involved to contact us. Any information could assist us in piecing together exactly what happened and identify those responsible.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland via 101 quoting incident number 1027 of Sunday, 14 June, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
