```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '12'
  month: May
  reference: '2755'
  year: '2020'
title: Online portal set up for Greenock shooting appeal
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/online-portal-set-up-for-greenock-shooting-appeal/
```

**Published 14 May 2020**

Detectives investigating a shooting in Greenock have set up an online portal to encourage members of the public to submit information.

The Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) is a website that gives the public access to a form so they can send information directly to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus.

The incident in Greenock happened around 6pm on Tuesday, 12 May, 2020 when a 37-year-old man was walking in Brachelston Street, Greenock when a firearm was discharged at him. It is believed that a white Hyundai Tucson was involved in this incident.

The 37-year-old man was uninjured.

The white Hyundai Tucson was found burnt out at Mallard Crescent, Greenock around 3.45am on Wednesday, 13 May, 2020.

Detective Inspector Cameron Miller, senior investigating officer, is keen to gather information around the movements of the white Hyundai Tucson between the incident on Brachelston Street around 6pm on Tuesday, 12 May and the car being found on Mallard Crescent around 3.45am on Wednesday, 13 May.

He said: "I would appeal to members of the public who may have seen the car any time between the incidents to contact us. If anyone has dash cam footage, please check it and send any relevant footage to us via the online portal.

"If anyone has any relevant information about this incident, please contact us on 101 quoting incident number 2755 of 12 May 2020 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
