```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following fatal road crash, A90, near Crimmond
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-following-fatal-road-crash-a90-near-crimmond/
```

Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses following a fatal crash near Crimmond, Aberdeenshire.

Police received reports of a one vehicle crash, around 7.30am on Monday, 5 October, on the A90 between Crimmond and St Fegus gas terminal. A red Ford Fiesta left the road and come to rest down an embankment.

An 18-year-old man, was pronounced dead at the scene and a further 19-year-old man, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary by Ambulance where he remains in a critical condition. There were no other people within the vehicle.

A collision investigation is currently being carried out and the road has remained closed whilst this is ongoing.

Sergeant Chris Smith of the North Road Policing Unit said: “Our thoughts and sympathies remain with the family of the man who lost his life, as well as with the other young man who has been seriously injured.

“Our enquiries into the cause of the collision are continuing and I would ask anyone who saw anything to contact police as soon as possible.

“We believe the red Ford Fiesta may have travelled on the A90, Peterhead to Fraserburgh road, at some point yesterday and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen it.

“I would also ask motorists who used the A90 anytime between yesterday evening (Sunday, 4 October) and 7.30am this morning (Monday, 5 October) who may have seen the red Fiesta or who may have been recording on dash-cam devices to check their systems and provide any relevant footage to us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 0491 of Monday, 5 October, 2020.
