```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following housebreaking in Gleneagles Court, Whitburn
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-housebreaking-in-gleneagles-court-whitburn/
```

Police in Whitburn are appealing for information following a theft by housebreaking in Gleneagles Court.

Sometime between 2.30am and 2.50am on Sunday, 20 December, entry was forced to the garage of a property and five high value pedal bikes, worth a five figure sum, were taken.

The pedal bikes stolen include:

A bright green Giant Propel Advanced 1 Disc with black handle bars; a matt black specialized Turbo Creo S1 Comp E5 Electric Road Bike with blue writing; a navy specialized Turbo Creo S1 Comp E5 Road Bike with yellow writing; an orange specialized Turbo Levo FSR 6 Fattie with black handle bars and an orange and black Whyte T130s with black handle bars.

It is thought the bikes may have been carried away from the property.

Detective Constable Marc Lunn of Livingston CID said: “Enquiries into the circumstances of this housebreaking are ongoing. A substantial sum of goods have been taken from the property and we are keen to trace those responsible as soon as possible.

“If anyone was in the area around the time of this incident and saw anything out of the ordinary please contact police as soon as possible. If you also have any private CCTV or dash-cam footage of the area, please check to see if you have captured anything of relevance to our investigation.

“I would also urge anyone who might see any of the bikes described above being sold to contact police immediately.

“Although the property was secure, I would also like to take this opportunity to remind home owners to review their security - make sure you keep your doors and windows locked at all times.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 0994 of Sunday, 20 December, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
