```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Re-appeal with CCTV footage - missing man - Gordon McLean
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/re-appeal-with-cctv-footage-missing-man-gordon-mclean/
```

**Published 6 January 2020**

Officers in Greenock have released CCTV footage of Gordon McLean, who was reported missing on Thursday 26 December, 2019.

Gordon was seen at around 8.30am on Wednesday, 18 December, in Prospecthill Street, with CCTV footage now showing the 39-year-old in both Glasgow Central Station and Gordon Street, Glasgow, later the same day. The last sighting of him was in Dalmeny Train Station at around 3pm.

He is described as white, 5ft 10ins tall with brown eyes, short brown hair, facial stubble, is normally wearing glasses and was wearing all black clothing.

Police are appealing to anyone who may have information so they can trace Gordon safe and well.

Sergeant Jason Logsdon, from Greenock Police Station, said: "We have released footage of Gordon that was caught on local CCTV.

"It has been nearly two weeks since Gordon was reported missing and we continue to urge anyone with information on his whereabouts to get in contact with Police.

"Gordon's family are becoming increasingly worried and we are asking for the public's help in tracing him.

"We would ask those who have may have seen Gordon on the day he was reported missing to get in touch."

In a statement issued through Police Scotland, Gordon's father said:

“For Gordon to go missing over the Christmas period was extremely difficult for the family.

“This is not something that Gordon has done before and we are becoming increasingly concerned about him.

“If anyone has any information, no matter how small, please get in touch with the police as it could be vital in bringing Gordon home.”

Those with information can contact Greenock Police Station via 101 and quote incident number 3388 of the 26th December.
