```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault and robbery, MacLean Square - Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-following-assault-and-robbery-maclean-square-glasgow/
```

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information following an assault and robbery in the city.

The incident happened around 1.15pm on Thursday, 15 October, 2020 outside an address on MacLean Square.

A man approached a 66-year-old woman from behind before assaulting her and stealing her handbag. He then ran off in the direction of Govan Road and Pacific Drive.

The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment of her injuries which are not described as life threatening.

The male suspect is described as in his 20s and of a medium build. At the time of the incident he was wearing a dark woollen hat, blue fleece and black shorts.

Detective Constable Joseph Keith, of Glasgow CID, said: “This was a cowardly act where the victim has thankfully not sustained life threatening injuries.

“We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of this incident or noticed anyone matching this description acting suspiciously.

“If you have any information that could assist with our investigation I would ask that you get in contact with officers.

“I would also ask if there is anyone in the area with any dashcam or CCTV footage that could help our enquiries that you speak to police.

“Police can be contacted by calling 101, quoting incident number 1546 of Thursday, 15 October, 2020.”
