```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drugs recovery, East Lothian
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/drugs-recovery-east-lothian/
```

**Published 4 May 2020**

Drugs with an estimated street value of over £180,000 have been recovered by police officers in East Lothian over the weekend.

Two men aged 33 and 23 have been charged in relation to the first incident on Saturday, 2 May, 2020 and another man, aged 20, has been charged in relation to a separate incident on Sunday, 3 May, 2020.

Officers from the East Lothian Community Action Team were on patrol around 4.30pm on Saturday when they spoke to two men in a Ford Fiesta parked on Bridge Street, Tranent. Following further proactive enquiries including a vehicle and house search, officers recovered what is believed to be cannabis with an estimated street value of up to £4920.

The Community Action Team were involved again on Sunday when they were concerned with the way a silver BMW was being driven on the A1, Abbotsview, Haddington. A search of the vehicle found what is believed to be cannabis with an estimated street value of up to £175,500.

All three men were arrested and charged and will appear at court at a later date.

Chief Inspector Neil Mitchell, area commander for East Lothian, said: "This is a great example of proactive policing and joint work between plain clothed officers, uniformed officers and detectives. I would like to praise everyone involved for their diligence."

If anyone has any information about drug related crime in their area, please contact Police Scotland on 101.
