```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Summer drink & drug drive campaign - 1 in 28 drivers detected
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/summer-drink-drug-drive-campaign-1-in-28-drivers-detected/
```

**Published 20 July 2020**

During the summer drink and drug drive campaign, which ran between 27 June and 10 July 2020, officers stopped 7457 drivers and 264 of these were detected for drink/drug offences. Additionally 122 people failed the roadside drug test and enquiries into these incidents remain ongoing, pending forensic tests.

Deputy Head of Road Policing, Superintendent Simon Bradshaw said: “Over the course of our summer road safety campaign 1 in 28 drivers were detected for drink/drug offences and it is disappointing that we are still stopping people who drive whilst under the influence of drink or drugs.”

Out of the drivers detected over the drink-drive limit, 27 were caught ‘the morning after’.

Notable incidents include:
• A 52-year-old man charged in connection with alleged drink driving and speeding after being detected driving at over 90mph on the A96 at Carden, near Alves and found to be nearly five times over the limit on 9 July.
• A 27-year-old man charged in connection with alleged drink driving, disqualified driving and refusing to provide an evidential specimen of breath after being seen by CCTV driving his vehicle erratically near Cleland in Lanarkshire on 28 June.

Superintendent Bradshaw added: “Our campaign this year was intelligence led in order to target areas where we know people take unnecessary risks by drink or drug driving.

“It is disappointing to see that despite our advice and that of our Road Safety partners, some people are still willing to put themselves, and other innocent members of the public, at risk by drink or drug driving.

“Drink or drug driving is known to be a contributory factor in serious injury and fatal collisions. By driving under the influence of drink or drugs, your actions could be responsible for causing someone’s death or your own, leaving behind grieving family and friends.

“We continue to see a number of drivers reported to us by family members, friends or colleagues and I want to thank people who had the courage to report drink or drug drivers to us. This information helps our officers to act quickly to stop drivers under the influence before they seriously injure or kill someone and I would continue to encourage reporting of such unacceptable behaviour to us.”

Justice Secretary Humza Yousaf said: “It is disappointing that there continues to be a persistent minority of drivers who ignore the law and put their lives and those of others at risk, by driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

“This is the first summer campaign with Scotland’s new drug driving offence operating and the irresponsible actions of these few drivers caught under the influence is discouraging as we try to make Scotland’s roads safer.

“My message is absolutely clear; to drink and drive is utterly unacceptable and will ruin lives. We fully support Police Scotland’s summer enforcement campaign, which reinforces the message that the best approach is none.”
