```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man convicted following domestic abuse investigation
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/man-convicted-following-domestic-abuse-investigation/
```

**Published 20 February 2020**

Dennis Cox, 33, was convicted at the High Court in Edinburgh for attempted murder, assault to severe injury and assault to injury.

He was sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow to eight years imprisonment with a further two years extended sentence.

Over a period of time Cox subjected his ex-partner to extreme violence and physical abuse, using weapons such as knives to inflict his torture. Following an incident in April 2019, an investigation was opened into Dennis Cox by the Domestic Abuse Task Force and Tayside Police Division, where the full scale of his violent behaviour became clear.

Detective Inspector Caine McIntyre of the Domestic Abuse Task Force stated:

“Dennis Cox is an extremely violent and controlling individual. Cox will now serve a significant custodial sentence and thereafter will be subject to supervision to restrict his ability to inflict harm on others in the future.

“I would like to take this opportunity to praise the victim in this case for their bravery in coming forward and hope the sentencing of Cox provides them with some closure. I hope other victims of domestic abuse see this sentence today and find the courage to come forward and speak out.

“This conviction sends out a clear message that domestic abuse crimes will be robustly investigated by Police Scotland and has no place in our society.

“If you are experiencing abuse, I would encourage you to contact police who can provide reassurance and support about those next steps."
