```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Communities asked to continue with physical distancing
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/communities-asked-to-continue-with-physical-distancing/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Alan Gibson has asked Forth Valley’s communities to continue with physical distancing and help fight the spread of coronavirus.

The divisional commander also praised the vast majority of residents in Stirlingshire, Clackmannanshire and Falkirk for their commitment so far to physical distancing.

He said: “I wholly understand that the current restrictions place unprecedented pressures and demands on the public, but I am delighted by how positively most people have embraced the guidance. By staying at home you’re playing a vital role in protecting our NHS and saving lives.

“The Chief Constable has spoken about the importance of police taking a common-sense approach at this time. My officers are committed to engaging with the public, encouraging compliance with the restrictions and offering guidance on the importance of staying within your property.

“Only when these options have been exhausted will we consider enforcement of the coronavirus legislation.

“While the current good weather looks to continue, Deputy Chief Constable Malcolm Graham has urged people not to head outdoors, unless it is for essential purposes such as basic necessities like food and medicine, or for travelling to work, if this cannot be done from home.

“Daily exercise is also permitted, but please stay within your local area and where possible keep driving to a minimum.

“We’d also like to again remind everyone not to have house parties or gatherings with anyone out with your household, but instead consider connecting with family and friends over the telephone, or using online platforms.

“Community policing is playing an important role at this time and Police Scotland officers are patrolling the various beauty spots and public attractions throughout Forth Valley to ensure physical distancing is being adhered to.

“Your efforts so far have been fantastic so please continue to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives.

“Figures issued today show that 116 fixed penalty notices have been issued between Friday 27th March and Thursday 23rd April.”
