```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: May
  reference: 0469
title: Appeal for information after family threatened - Wishaw
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-for-information-after-family-threatened-wishaw/
```

**Published 30 May 2020**

Police in Wishaw are appealing for information after a family were threatened and their home and car vandalised by three men in Coltness, Wishaw on Friday, 29 May, 2020.

Around 2.45 am, the men forced their way into a house on Innerleithen Drive where they threatened the occupants with weapons before vandalising their home by spraying accelerant and then vandalising their Audi car parked in the drive outside.

The men, all wearing dark clothing and balaclavas, ran from the address and drove off in a waiting charcoal grey Audi car.

The family, a 32 year-old man, a 29-year-old woman and a 5-year-old child, in the house at the time were not injured and did not require any medical treatment.

Enquiries are ongoing into the incident and officers are appealing for anyone who may have information. Detective Sergeant Graham McAdam, Lanarkshire CID, said:

“Thankfully the family were unhurt during this incident but if the accelerant had been ignited, lives could have been lost.

“The motive for this attack has still to be established, however, whether targeted or not, the level of malice and disregard for the family and neighbours is shocking.

“Officers are in the area today and checking CCTV as well as speaking to residents but we are also keen to hear from anyone who has any details about this attack that will assist our investigation.

“The men were at the address for around 10 minutes, so I have absolutely no doubt that people would have seen or heard what happened – especially the attack on the car.

“The Audi car used by the attackers has since been found burnt out a short distance away on Murdostoun North and South Road, Cleland . We believe the men drove off from Innerleithan Road, along Coltness Road, Bellside Road across the A73 at Bellshide roundabout and onto Murdostoun North and South Road . If you were in the area and have dash-cam footage then we would ask that you contact police as soon as possible.

“Any information, no matter how small you think it is, could assist our investigation so please call officers at Wishaw Police Office via 101 quoting reference number 0469 of 29 May. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 ."
