```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Robbery - Cardonald, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/robbery-cardonald-glasgow/
```

**Published 30 January 2020**

Detectives are appealing for information after a woman was robbed in Cardonald, Glasgow on Wednesday, 29 January, 2020.

Around 4.45pm on Wednesday afternoon, the 33 year-old woman was standing a bus stop on Paisley Road West near to its junction with Moulin Road, when a man approached her and forcibly grabbed her bag, causing her to fall onto the road. The suspect then ran off in the direction of Hatton Path with her bag which contained a two-figure sum of cash and personal effects.

The woman was not injured but is badly shaken as a result of this incident.

The man responsible is described as white, aged 20 to 30 years, between 5ft 6 – 5ft 9 inches in height and of slim build with short dark-coloured hair and an unkempt appearance. He was wearing a black padded jacket, dark-coloured jeans and black trainers with a white sole.

Detective Constable Fiona MacKenzie of the Robbery Unit based at Helen Street Police Station is appealing for information. She said: “This was a very frightening experience for this woman, and luckily she was not injured.

“I would appeal to anyone who witnessed this robbery take place, or anyone who has information that will assist our investigation to contact Helen Street Police Station through 101 quoting reference number 2370 of 29th January 2020. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
