```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '9'
  month: March
  reference: 0079
  year: '2020'
title: Wilful Fire-Raising - Muirdyke Road, Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/wilful-fire-raising-muirdyke-road-coatbridge/
```

**Published 10 March 2020**

Police in Coatbridge are continuing enquiries and appealing for information after two cars were set alight in Muirdyke Road, Coatbridge on Monday, 9 March, 2020.

Around 12.30 am on Monday, 9 March a Ford Kuga car was deliberately set alight whilst parked outside a house in Muirdyke Rd, Coatbridge. This in turn caused the Ford Ka vehicle which was parked in front of the Kuga to catch fire.

The fire service attended and extinguished the fires which police are now treating as wilful.

Detective Constable Craig McLean at Coatbridge CID said:

“Our enquiries so far have revealed that a vehicle was seen to stop in Espieside Crescent, Coatbridge where two men got out of the car and were seen to set fire to the Ford Kuga.

“Luckily no-one was injured as a result of the fires but nevertheless it is vital that we trace the men responsible. We would like to speak to anyone who was in the vicinity of Espieside Crescent or Muirdyke Road around 12.30 am on Monday, 9 March and may have seen the car in the area or the two men acting suspiciously. We also urge any drivers who were in the area at the time to check their dash cams to see if they have any footage that could assist our enquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Coatbridge CID via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 0079 of 9 March 2020. Alternatively calls can be made via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
