```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information following shooting on Marnoch Drive, Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-for-information-following-shooting-on-marnoch-drive-coatbridge/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information following a shooting in Coatbridge.

The incident happened around 4.05pm on Saturday, 21 November, 2020 when a firearm was discharged at a red Seat Leon car on Marnoch Drive.

It is believed that a silver car, possibly an estate type, was also involved in the shooting.

Enquiries are currently ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and the extent of injuries are not yet known.

Detective Inspector, Gordon Sneddon, of Lanarkshire CID said: “We are appealing to members of the public who may have any information surrounding this incident which we believe to be targeted.

“The shooting took place on a busy road at a time where there may have been other road users or pedestrians.

“If you noticed any vehicles matching this description driving erratically around Marnoch Drive or the surrounding areas, please get in touch.

"I would also urge if you have any dashcam, CCTV or mobile phone footage that could assist with our investigation that you contact police.

“There is an increased police presence in the area and I would like to reassure members of the community that there is no threat to the wider public.

“Police can be contacted by calling 101 and quoting incident number 2368 of Saturday, 21 November, 2020. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
