```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Tayside Performance and Management Info report published
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/tayside-performance-and-management-info-report-published/
```

**Published 25 May 2020**

Officers in Tayside are encouraging the public to continue highlighting what matters to them the most as targeted and proactive activity continues to take place across the region to help keep communities safe.

Year-end crime figures for 2019/20 highlighted an increase in the overall detection rate compared to the previous year, as well as an increase in some crime groups thanks to proactive activity throughout the year to tackle the sale and supply of illegal drugs and violent crime. Operations, like the anti-drugs initiative Operation Slate, are ongoing in communities right now to target offenders and ultimately prevent people becoming victims of crime.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent Andrew Todd said: “While we are living in unprecedented times at the moment, I can provide every assurance that daily policing activity still goes on – we remain focussed on keeping our communities safe, deterring and detecting crime and supporting vulnerable people alongside our partners.

“The number of crimes recorded relating to drugs also increased compared to the previous year as we worked hard alongside our partners to identify and support those who are vulnerable through the use of drugs whilst relentlessly pursuing those who profit from the sale and supply of illegal substances. The drug crime detection rate also remains strong at 89.7 per cent, an increase of almost nine percentage points on the previous year.

“These year-end figures serve as a benchmark for further proactive activity moving forward and our police officers, staff and Special Constables will continue to carry out initiatives in collaboration with our partners to achieve the best possible results for our communities and people at risk."

It comes as Police Scotland published its Performance Report, introduced by Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor, and Quarter 4 Management Information figures for 2019/20. In Tayside, 220 incidents were also recorded under the new Domestic Abuse (Scotland) Act 2018 which came into effect on 1 April 2019. This innovative new law is making a significant difference - police officers are now trained to recognise the range of abusive behaviours, including coercive and controlling. Abusers now face the consequences of their abuse whether it is psychological, physical, sexual or financial. Nationally, almost 1,700 offences were recorded.

Chief Superintendent Todd added: "Engaging with our local communities and partners is absolutely crucial and we need the public to continue telling us their concerns and priorities so that we can dedicate our resources to the right places at the right times. As DCC Taylor said today, Police Scotland is here to help and at this unprecedented time it is important than ever that we work together to prevent crime and support people who may be at risk."

Please note, the Q4 report contains Management Information figures and these are not official statistics.
