```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Enquiries ongoing into Glenrothes sexual assault
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/enquiries-ongoing-into-glenrothes-sexual-assault/
```

**Published 2 July 20200**

Extensive enquiries remain ongoing a week on from a serious sexual assault of an 83-year-old woman at Meldrum Court in Glenrothes. The incident happened shortly after 5am on Thursday, 25 June within a property.

A significant investigation is ongoing involving local and specialist officers. Detective Chief Inspector John Anderson of Fife CID said:

"Seven days have now passed and our investigation continues, with significant resources continuing to work to identify the person responsible for this horrendous incident.

"We would like to thank the local community for their patience and support while this work continues. I urge you to remain vigilant, make sure your home is as secure as possible and report anything which may aid our enquiry as promptly as possible.

"The solution to this investigation may well be in the local community in the Collydean area of Glenrothes.

"You may have been walking your dog or driving to or from work at that time of the morning or know someone who was.

"You may have seen something you thought was insignificant at the time it could be of aid to our investigation. Please pass on any information, no matter how small it seems."

Anyone with information can contact police on 101, quoting incident 0647 of 25 June, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
