```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Domestic abuser sentenced
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/domestic-abuser-sentenced/
```

A 36-year-old man has been sentenced to lifelong conditions and a minimum of five years and four months in prison after being convicted of 13 offences related to domestic abuse.

Craig McGlynn, aka Gallacher, abused five women across central Scotland from 2009 to 2018.

A proactive investigation was carried out by Police Scotland's Domestic Abuse Task Force and McGlynn was convicted of 13 offences in March 2020, including six charges of rape.

He was sentenced today (Monday 7 December) at the High Court in Glasgow. Along with the minimum prison sentence before he can apply for parole, he was also sentenced to an Order for Lifelong Restriction (OLR) - one of the most unique sentences that can be given for non-murder cases. This means, if he is ever released, he will be subject to conditions and monitoring for the rest of his life.

The investigation started when McGlynn was involved in a domestic incident in Glasgow in December 2017. Procedures in place to target domestic abusers and support victims meant McGlynn was flagged to the local Domestic Abuse Investigation Unit in Forth Valley, where he stayed. He was then ultimately referred to the Domestic Abuse Task Force, who investigate domestic abusers who pose the most significant risk.

The Task Force investigated McGlynn's background and in 2018, officers reached out to his previous partners. Five women, currently aged between 18 and 41, gave statements to police. The investigation uncovered McGlynn's offending took place in Glasgow, Bo'ness and Grangemouth across nine years.

Detective Inspector Steven McMillan, of the Domestic Abuse Task Force, said: "This case is an example of no matter when the incident happened, Police Scotland will always thoroughly investigate and we are here to listen and support victims.

"The bravery of these women to tell their story has resulted in McGlynn being convicted.

"We have specially trained officers who are there to target domestic abusers and support victims, whether that is through a police statement or signposting people to domestic abuse support agencies.

"Anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse or believes they know someone who may be a victim, please contact us."

https://www.scotland.police.uk/keep-safe/domestic-abuse/
