```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious sexual assault in Forfar
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-in-forfar/
```

**Published 23 July 2020**

Police in Tayside are appealing for information after a teenage girl was the victim of a serious sexual assault on the outskirts Forfar.

The incident happened between 9am and 2.30pm on Monday, 20 July, 2020, at an overgrown grassy area near a communal opening off the Forfar to Kingsmuir Road. The area is thought to be popular with local dog walkers.

The 15-year-old victim walked along East High Street, through Coutties Wynd, along Academy Street, onto South Street towards Restenneth Drive before arriving at the location of the incident.

A male has been arrested in connection and released pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Leanne Blacklaw said: "We continue to support the victim and are carrying out an in-depth investigation which includes reviewing CCTV and door-to-door enquiries. As part of this, we're eager to hear from anyone who may have passed this area on Monday, and who may have seen anyone in this location.

"We are also eager to hear from any drivers, or members of the public who were walking in the area and who may have seen the victim immediately prior to, or after the timeframe of the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting 2230 of 20 July 2020. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
