```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Re-appeal for information following firearms incident in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/re-appeal-for-information-following-firearms-incident-in-glasgow/
```

**Published 19 January 2020**

Officers who are investigating after a firearm was discharged at a property in Glasgow are appealing for information on a vehicle which may be related to the incident.

It is believed that a purple Nissan Pulsar, registration SE66KNN may have been used by those who discharged the firearm.

...

The car, which was stolen from Kilwinning on Thursday, 5 December was found burnt out on Manse Road, Coatbridge on Friday.

Anyone who may have seen the car between Thursday, 5 December, 2019 and Friday, 17 January, 2020 are asked to get in touch.

The firearm was discharged at a property on Salmona Street in the Hamiltonhill area of the city at around 11.30pm on Thursday, 16 January.

The shots were fired by persons who exited a dark coloured four door car before returning to the waiting vehicle.
The car then left the area in the direction of Auckland Street.

No one was injured and extensive enquiries are ongoing, including a review of CCTV and officers going door to door in the area.

Detective Inspector John Morrison, of Glasgow CID, said: “We believe that the purple Nissan Pulsar may have been used by those who discharged the firearm and are appealing for anyone who may have seen the vehicle to get in touch.

“I would also ask anyone who has private CCTV or who was in the area and may have dashcam footage to check the footage for anything of significance which may assist in our enquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3870 of 16 January.
Information can also be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800555111.
