```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lothian and Borders residents thanked for staying home
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/lothian-and-borders-residents-thanked-for-staying-home/
```

**Published 10 April 2020**

As the Easter holiday weekend gets under way, police in the Lothians and Scottish Borders Division are urging the public to continue with their outstanding efforts to tackle the spread of coronavirus.

Chief Superintendent John McKenzie, divisional commander, said: "The past few weeks have undoubtedly been challenging for many as we maintain social distancing in order to save lives and protect the NHS.

"I want to thank the overwhelming majority of the public in West Lothian, East Lothian, Midlothian and the Scottish Borders for adhering to these restrictions and staying home.

"I know that being separated from family and friends is incredibly difficult and the Easter weekend is usually a time when we gather with those we love for a range of events and celebrations, but because of the current circumstances that is just not possible at this time.

"My message for this weekend is simple. Please stay in your home and help save lives.

"Throughout the Lothians and Scottish Borders there are many scenic areas that are normally perfect destinations for people to visit over a long weekend. Places such as the Pentland Hills, East Lothian's beaches, the Scottish Borders countryside or the grounds of Linlithgow Palace in West Lothian.

“All of these places will be available for the public to enjoy once restrictions have been lifted, but until then, please do not travel to them.

"The Chief Constable stressed the importance of this when he spoke with the First Minister today and asked the public to continue with the changes, even during the holiday and as the weather gets better.

"Police Scotland officers are taking a common sense approach. We will engage with members of the public, explain the importance of social distancing and encourage them to return home but we will, as a last resort, use the enforcement powers if necessary.

"There are of course times when leaving the house is required, such as shopping for essential groceries and medicines. You can also exercise in your local area or walk your dog. However, please do not travel to other locations to conduct these activities.

"This is an unprecedented time for us all but it is vital we all continue to do our part to keep ourselves and each other safe.

"Please help us achieve this and stay home."

Under the emergency powers relating to coronavirus, a total of 18 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Lothian and Borders between March 27 and April 9.
