```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious road crash on the A719, Ayr
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/serious-road-crash-on-the-a719-ayr/
```

**Published 12th June 2020**

Road Policing Officers in Ayrshire are appealing for witnesses after a serious road crash in Ayr on Thursday, 11 June, 2020.

Around 10.30pm on Thursday evening, a road crash involving one vehicle – a Vauxhall Corsa – took place on the A719 near to the entrance to Heads of Ayr Farm Park. It appears that the vehicle lost control, it then collided with the road verge and overturned on the road.

Police and ambulance attended and the 19 year-old driver of the car was taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow where he is being treated for his injuries. Hospital staff describe his condition as serious.

A passenger in the car, a 21 year-old man, was uninjured.

The road was closed for several hours for investigation purposes.

Inspector Greg Dinnie from Ayshire Road Policing Unit said: “I am appealing for any witnesses who were travelling on the A719 between Dunure and Ayr, and near to this location around the time of the crash who witnessed the crash take place, or who may have seen the red Vauxhall Corsa driving on the road before the crash to contact us. I would also appeal to drivers who have dash-cam footage to come forward too.”

Anyone with any information should contact Road Policing Officers through 101 quoting reference number 4129 of 11th June.
