```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man Pleads Guilty to Rape and Sexual Assault of Children
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/man-pleads-guilty-to-rape-and-sexual-assault-of-children/
```

**Published 14 July 2020**

Derek Lincoln (74) pled guilty yesterday, Monday 13 July, 2020 at Glasgow High Court to raping and sexually assaulting two young children over a two year period.

Lincoln was extradited from France in 2019 on a European Arrest warrant for his involvement in the ‘Children of God’ religious cult where it was alleged he was responsible for the rape and sexual assaults on a number of female children.

He was arrested by Police Scotland on 8 October 2019 and has pled guilty yesterday to raping and sexually assaulting two female children aged 9 and 11 years between 1989 and 1991 in Scotland.

He is due to be sentenced at a later date.

Detective Sergeant Neil Wilson from Police Scotland’s Specialist Crime Division National Rape Task Force said:

“The arrest of Derek Lincoln followed a five year complex investigation involving partnership working both nationally and internationally.

“My thoughts continue to remain with the victims and those impacted by Lincoln’s actions over many years. Thanks to the bravery of them coming forward and reporting to us, he will now face the consequences of his actions.

"We remain committed to bringing sexual offenders before the courts and treat all reports of sexual crime with the utmost seriousness. Anyone wishing to report such offences should do so to Police Scotland via 101."
