```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault on Mill Street, Perth
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-following-assault-on-mill-street-perth/
```

Police in Perth investigating an assault are appealing for two men who are believed to have been injured to come forward.

The victims were witnessed to have been involved in an altercation with three men around 7.40pm on Friday, 14 August, on Mill Street near the cinema. A third man, aged 27, who intervened in the disturbance was also assaulted and managed to report the incident to officers conducting a patrol nearby. He did not require medical treatment following the incident.

Officers are asking for the two victims to come forward to help assist their investigation. They are described as:

1) Asian, aged 20-25, slim build with short black wavy hair. He was wearing a light grey tracksuit
2) Asian, aged 20-25, slim build with black curly hair. He was wearing glasses and a denim jacket

Officers are also appealing to anyone who has information on the three male suspects that assaulted the three victims. The description of these men is below:

1) Black, aged 30, around 5 ft 11 ins tall, average to stocky build with short black dreadlocks. He was wearing all black clothing and a black face mask
2) Black, aged 30, around 6 ft tall, and of slim build. He was wearing a black jacket with a white hood up, a black jumper and black trousers
3) Black, wearing all black clothing and a dark coloured face mask

Following the assault, the suspects are believed to have walked in the direction of South Methven Street.

Constable George Wilkie, of Perth Police Office, said: "We would like to speak to the two men who were assaulted to check if they are okay and to see if they would be able to assist with our investigation into the incident.

"Our CCTV enquiries show there were several people in the area at the time waiting at the bus stop and standing in the taxi rank. I am appealing to any of these people who witnessed the assaults or may have any information in connection to please contact police. If you were driving in the area at the time and have a dash-cam, I would ask you to please check back and see if there is any footage that could assist our investigation."

Those with information can contact police on 101, quoting CR/021607/20. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
