```yaml
area: Scotland
title: End of year message from Highland and Islands divisional commander
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/end-of-year-message-from-highland-and-islands-divisional-commander/
```

Chief Superintendent Conrad Trickett, divisional commander for Highland and Islands Division said “As we reach the end of 2020, the festive period provides the opportunity to look back on what the challenges and achievements were during a busy year across the region for police and partners who responded and adapted to serving our communities during the pandemic.

"In the past 12 months, crime has fallen which is testimony to the ongoing work by all our staff, special constables and police officers to keep communities safe. During these troubled times, the strength of partners joining together to respond to the challenges we continue to face has been excellent, however we could not have achieved these results without the backing of our communities who contribute and influence how policing is delivered.

"The festive period is always a busy time for emergency services and this year will be no different with the additional challenge which arises from the current pandemic. In that regard I would ask that you support our NHS in their work to reduce the spread of the virus by following the Scottish Government guidance.

"During my time here, I have seen and experienced kindness and support across the region and I would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of you for the support you have shown to police and other emergency and public services. It is easy to underestimate the impact small gestures have on our officers and staff each and every day.

"In keeping with our priority to protect the vulnerable, my final thoughts are with those who may find themselves in need at this time of year. Invariably, while many of us will be enjoying the fun and festivities, there will be those who find themselves in situations of crisis or conflict.

"If this is you or if you know someone in such a position, please, please speak up as it is genuinely okay to not be okay. Help is available, whether from the police or the other organisations in place to provide support. By coming together to help each other we can all make a real and lasting difference to those in need.

"Thank you for your support throughout 2020, I wish you all a very merry Christmas and a safe, happy, fulfilling new year ahead."
