```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assault in Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-coatbridge/
```

**Published 14 July 2020**

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information following a serious assault in Coatbridge.

The incident happened around 2.50am on Sunday, 12 July on Viewfield Road at its junction with Dunnachie Drive.

Two men in their 20's were passengers in a taxi when they were dropped off on Viewfield Road where a third man was waiting for them.

One of the men got out of the car to greet the third man while the other proceeded to racially abuse and assault the 55-year-old male taxi driver, leaving him with serious injuries to both his head and hand. All three men then ran away in the direction of the Kirkwood Sports Barn.

The victim was taken to Monklands Hospital and released following treatment.

Officers are keen to trace all three men in connection with this incident.

The first man, one of the passengers, is described as being of a medium build, speaks with a Scottish accent and at the time of the assault was wearing a navy blue t-shirt, dark jogging bottoms, dark trainers with a dark coloured cap and a surgical style face mask.

The second man, also a passenger, is described as having short hair, also speaks with a Scottish accent and at the time was wearing a dark sleeved top and dark jogging bottoms.

The last man, who was waiting on Viewfield Road was dressed all in dark clothing.

Detective Constable Craig McLean of Coatbridge CID said: “This was despicable behaviour which will not be tolerated. Enquiries are ongoing and we are working to establish the circumstances leading up to this assault.

“We are keen to talk to anyone who may have witnessed this or who may have seen the three men after the incident in the area.”

Those with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 0745 of Sunday, 12 July. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be passed on anonymously.
