```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police are appealing for information following a series of wilful fireraising incidents in Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-series-of-wilful-fireraising-incidents-in-greenock/
```

Officers in Greenock are asking the public for information following a series of wilful fireraising and firebomb incidents in the area.

Within a week period, there have been four separate instances of targeted attacks which police now suspect may be linked.

On Monday, 14 September, 2020, around 10.35pm, we received reports of a fire at a property in Union Street, Greenock. A 46-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene.

Two days later, on Wednesday, 16 September, officers received reports around 11.05pm of a fire within a property on Wellington Street, believed to have been started by an accelerant thrown through a window.

A 40-year-old woman suffered serious injury in this fire and was taken to Glasgow Royal infirmary for treatment. Her 9-year-old daughter, who was also within the property at the time, was uninjured. Enquiries into this fire found that a small white vehicle was seen in the area at the time and it was seen to be driven off at speed after the attack in the direction of the junction of Wellington Street and Duncan Street.

A short time later, around 11.10pm, a white Suzuki Splash, with registration number GK14 FZE, was seen driving into Skye Street in Greenock at speed. Three men were seen to get out of this car and run off down Skye Street and into Rankine Street. They are all described as being in their late teens and of skinny builds. The driver was wearing a black scarf covering the lower part of his face and a black zipped hooded top. The two passengers were both wearing something over their heads and each wore grey zipped hooded tops, with the hoods ups.

Around 2.20am on Thursday, 17 September, the same white Suzuki Splash was reported to be on fire on Skye Street. Investigations have found that this car had been reported stolen from Denholm Terrace in Greenock in the early hours of Wednesday, 16 September. No one was injured in this fire.

Finally, a further two days later, on Saturday, 19 September, we received reports of a fire on Cumberland Road in Greenock. This fire is also believed to have been started by an accelerant, thrown at a window of a property.

The window was not broken, however garden furniture at the front of the property caught on fire, but was extinguished quickly. The occupants of the property, a 45-year-old woman and three members of the family, including her 6-year-old daughter, were not injured.

Enquiries into all four incidents, in partnership with the Scottish Fire and Rescue service, and investigations into whether there are any links between them, are ongoing.

Officers are keen to talk to anyone who has information which may help with investigations into any of the above incidents.

Detective Superintendent Gerry McBride said: “I would like to start by saying how sickened we are by all of these incidents, whether linked or not, these have been unprovoked, targeted attacks which have resulted in both serious injury and death.

“A couple of these attacks have also taken place while children have been present and it has been sheer luck that the number of people injured has not been any higher. We want to make it absolutely clear that this behaviour will not be tolerated in our community and officers will do everything they can to find those responsible.

“It is also important to reassure the wider community that although enquiries are still ongoing, we do not believe there is any risk to the wider public.

“There will be an increased police presence in the area whilst investigations are ongoing. Specialist units have been deployed to both carry out enquiries, and to tackle this problem and prevent any further instances occurring.

“I would encourage anyone who has any information which could be of assistance to please come forward.

“We are particularly interested in finding out any information about the movements of the cars mentioned: the white Suzuki Splash, stolen from Denholm Terrace in the early hours of Wednesday, 16 September and set on fire in the early hours of Thursday, 17 September in Skye Street, and the small white car seen driving away at speed from the attack on Wellington Street around 11pm on Wednesday, 16 September.

“If you do have any information, or if you may have seen anything or maybe have dashcam footage or private CCTV footage of any of the incidents, please contact police as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference number 4105 of Wednesday, 16 September, 2020. Alternatively, if you prefer to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
