```yaml
area: Scotland
title: "Woman Assaulted \u2013 Rigside, Lanarkshire"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/woman-assaulted-rigside-lanarkshire/
```

Police at Motherwell are continuing enquiries and appealing for information after a woman was assaulted on Sunday, 13 December, 2020 in the village of Rigside in Lanarkshire.

Around 6.40 pm on Sunday 13 December, the 39- year- old woman was driving her black Ford Kuga car on the A70 near to the village of Rigside in Lanarkshire when she observed a man lying on the roadway. She got out of the car to assist him and the man assaulted her before running off.

The woman managed to call for help and she was taken to Wishaw General Hospital where she was treated for bruising and cuts to her head and body.

The man is described as around 5’ 7 tall, had a local accent and was wearing a dark hooded top, skipped cap and dark face mask. He was smelling of alcohol and it is believed that he may have been in the area for some time.

Detective Inspector Kirsty Moore is leading the enquiry and is asking for assistance from the public to identify this man, she said:

“This was a despicable incident, leaving a woman injured and extremely traumatised when she had only stopped to help someone she believed to be injured or unwell.

“It is vital that we trace this man and I ask anyone who was in the vicinity of Shield Burn on the A70 on Sunday evening, and may have seen a man of this description, to get in touch immediately. I also urge anyone who was driving in the area to check their dash cam footage as they may have captured him on camera at some point in the evening.”

Anyone with any information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police at Motherwell via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 2757 of the 13 December 2020. Alternatively calls can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
