```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Letters to Hate Crime campaign
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/letters-to-hate-crime-campaign/
```

The Scottish Government has re-launched its anti-hate crime campaign, Letters to Haters, in partnership with Police Scotland.

The initiative features a series of messages, written as letters from the people of Scotland and addressed to perpetrators of hate crime, describing the impact it has on its victims, stating ‘your hate has no home here’.

Throughout October, the messages will be carried on posters, radio advertisements and social media, urging people who either experience - or witness - hate crime to report their experiences to the police.

The campaign is launching ahead of Hate Crime Awareness Week, which begins on Saturday, 10 October, 2020.

Police Scotland has a wealth of information about hate crime, as well as the ways victims or bystanders can report offences, including through the network of Third Party Reporting Centres, which is accessible via the Police Scotland website.

Assistant Chief Constable Gary Ritchie, said: "Hate crime can have a lasting impact on individuals, families and communities. Scotland isn't the kind of country that will tolerate those who seek to target and abuse people based on their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation, or gender/transgender identity and Police Scotland will take strong action against anyone who acts in that way.

"We will investigate any allegation of hate crime whether from a victim or a bystander. We encourage anyone who has been targeted, or witnessed anyone else being abused in this way, to contact the police either in person, by telephone or via third party reporting centres, as detailed on our website."

Communities Secretary Aileen Campbell said “The Scottish Government takes all forms of hate crime seriously. It not only impacts individuals, but entire communities. We must all play our part to challenge hate crime to help shape the inclusive and respectful society we all wish to live in.

“If you experience of witness a hate crime, whether it’s physical or verbal, online or in the streets, please report it. You can do this by calling the police or by using their online reporting form. You can also use one of Scotland’s many third party reporting centres, or report anonymously through Crimestoppers.
