```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: October
  reference: '0574'
title: Assault with intent to rob on Linnhead Place, Scotstoun, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/assault-with-intent-to-rob-on-linnhead-place-scotstoun-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after an assault with intent to rob on a teenager in Scotstoun on Thursday, 22 October, 2020.

Around 9.30pm on Thursday evening, the 13 year-old boy was walking on Linnhead Place, near to Earl Street in Scotstoun, when he was approached by two youths who grabbed him, threatened him and demanded money before running off.

The 13 year-old was badly shaken but did not require medical treatment.

The first suspect is described as white, around 16 years of age, around 5ft 7ins in height and of slim build with short red hair. He was wearing a beige checked scarf with dark coloured jogging trousers and jacket.

The second suspect is described as white, around 16 years of age, around 5ft 7ins in height and of slim build with dark hair. He was wearing dark-coloured clothing.

Constable Sarah-Lee MacFarlane from Greater Glasgow Division’s Community Investigation Unit said: “This is a busy area and I am hoping that there may be people who witnessed this assault who have not yet spoken to police.

“I would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time who witnessed anything suspicious, or who has information that will assist this investigation to contact us through 101 quoting reference number 0574 of 23 October. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
