```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information following robbery in Mossbank Avenue, Glasgow.
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-mossbank-avenue-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery in Glasgow.

Around 3.15pm on Tuesday, 1 September, 2020, an elderly woman walked downstairs and found three men within the house. She was restrained by one of the men, while the other two men entered other rooms within the house. The men then made off with a five-figure sum of cash and a quantity of jewellery.

The lady did not require medical treatment but she has been left badly shaken by the incident.

The men were wearing balaclavas and were dressed in black. They ran out the rear of the property and are believed to have got into a motor vehicle and made off on Royston Road.

Police officers have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries and are reviewing available CCTV footage for any further information on the suspects.

Detective Sergeant Shona Beattie said: “A number of very personal and treasured items of jewellery have been stolen, many of which are irreplaceable and are of great sentimental value to the owners. I am appealing to anyone who was in the area and surrounding areas of Mossbank Avenue – did you see anything suspicious, did you notice the men running away or getting into a car. Any small piece of information could prove vital in our enquiries. If you have any details or hear anything regarding this crime, please do contact us.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 2058 of Tuesday, 1 September, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
