```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '17'
  month: October
  reference: '4584'
  year: '2020'
title: "Serious Assault \u2013 Kelvin Gardens, Hamilton"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/serious-assault-kelvin-gardens-hamilton/
```

Police at Cambuslang are continuing enquiries and appealing for information after a man was assaulted in Hamilton on Saturday, 17 October 2020.

Around 10.30 pm on Saturday, 17 October, 2020, a 22-year-old man was walking in Kelvin Gardens, Hamilton when a small black BMW car stopped. Three men wearing dark clothing and balaclavas got out of the car and assaulted him with sharp weapons.

The three men then got back into the car and drove off in unknown direction.

The 22-year-old man made his way to a friend’s house who then called for an ambulance and he was taken to Wishaw General Hospital where he was treated for his injuries.

Sergeant John Watson at Cambuslang Police Office said:

“This was a violent attack which left a young man with serious injuries and as yet we have still to establish a motive for the attack.

“I appeal to anyone who witnessed the attack or anyone that may have seen a black BMW car in the vicinity around 10.30 pm on Saturday, 17 October to contact police immediately.

“I also urge motorists who were in the area at the time to check their dash cam footage as they may have captured something that could help us identify the persons responsible for this vicious attack.”

Anyone with information should contact police at Cambuslang via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 4584 of 17 October 2020. Alternatively call can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
