```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Renewed appeal following serious sexual assault in Lochee
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/renewed-appeal-following-serious-sexual-assault-in-lochee/
```

**Published 17 July 2020**

Police in Tayside are renewing their appeal for information on a serious sexual assault in the Lochee area of Dundee.

Officers received a report of concern for a 20-year-old woman in Kirk Street around 11.50pm on Saturday, 11 July, 2020. On speaking to the woman, it was established that she'd been the victim of a serious sexual assault.

Detective Inspector Marc Lorente of Dundee CID said: "Since this was reported to us we've been conducting extensive enquiries and we continue to ask for the public's help as part of our investigation.

"We have already spoken to a number of witnesses who have come forward and provided us with vital information.

"We are aware that there was a party at a house in Kirk Street late on Saturday evening, with people leaving around the time of the incident.

"We would like to hear from anyone who was there between 10pm and 11.45pm.

"Also, a black Vauxhall Corsa was seen several times in the area of Adamson's Court between those times. Again, we would like to speak to the occupants of this car as potential witnesses.

"We are continuing to conduct enquiries in the immediate area, which will see an increased police presence while we continue our investigation.

"Anyone who has any information which can assist, no matter how small it may seem to them, is urged to speak to an officer on patrol in the area, call Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident 5058 of 11 July, or contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
