```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '7'
  month: September
  reference: '1307'
  year: '2020'
title: Murder enquiry launched following death of man in Townhead, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/murder-enquiry-launched-following-death-of-man-in-townhead-glasgow/
```

Police have launched a murder enquiry after a 33-year-old man was found dead in a flat in the Townhead area of Glasgow.

Tomasz Lipiec was found in the property in Dobbies Loan Place, around 6.45 pm on Monday, 7 September, 2020.

Detective Inspector Peter Crombie, of the Major Investigation Team, said: "Officers are carrying out extensive enquiries, including speaking to neighbours and checking CCTV to try and establish the circumstances surrounding his death.

“In particular, we are trying to piece together Tomasz’s movements after he was seen by a neighbour on Friday, 4 September. Enquiries suggest he may have visited Glasgow City Centre on that Friday evening and he would be recognisable as he uses a wheelchair to get about.

"Dobbies Loan Place is residential area with numerous flats, so we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area between Friday 4 and Monday 7 September, 2020, and may have seen something suspicious. Likewise, if anyone has dash-cam footage that may show Tomasz or anything suspicious in the area, please get in touch with us.

"Officers will remain in the area carrying out enquiries and members of the public are encouraged to speak to them should they have any concerns or information.

“Anyone who has not already spoken to officers and believe they may be able to assist can also contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1307 of 7 September 2020, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
