```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault and robbery in Mayfield
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-assault-and-robbery-in-mayfield/
```

**Published 18 July 2020**

Police in Midlothian are appealing for information following an assault and robbery in Mayfield.

The incident happened around 1.50am on Saturday, 18 July, 2020, when two men forced entry into a property on Oak Crescent, Mayfield, and assaulted two 23-year-old men within before stealing a number of items from the property including their mobile phones, money and a white Rieju Marathon 125 motorcycle, reg SJ12 HBH, with a red engine and L-plates attached.

One of the victims was conveyed to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment.

The first suspect is described as white, in his 30s, around 6ft tall, with black hair, wrinkled skin and a tattoo on the left side of his neck. He was wearing a black face mask, a grey C.P. Company woollen hat, black jumper and black jogging bottoms.

The second suspect is described as in his 20s or 30s, of slim build. He was wearing a black top and black bottoms and was carrying a backpack.

The suspects were last seen pushing the stolen motorcycle away from the address along D’Arcy Road.

Detective Constable Marion Anderson, of Dalkeith CID, said: “This was a frightening experience for the victims and our enquiries are ongoing to trace those responsible.

“Anyone who may have seen the suspects either before or after the incident are urged to contact police.

“We would also ask anyone with CCTV in the area or who may have seen the stolen motorcycle to get in touch.”

Anyone with any information should contact police on 101, quoting incident 0533 of 18 July. Alternatively, anyone wishing to report their information anonymously can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
