```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for witnesses after ten properties in Aberdeenshire vandalised
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-after-ten-properties-in-aberdeenshire-vandalised/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after ten properties across the Buchan and Formartine areas had windows damaged, with what is believed to be a pellet gun or a similar projectile device.

Homes and commercial premises in the Ellon, Oldmeldrum, Hatton, Boddam and Cruden Bay areas were targeted as well as properties located on the A90 and A975.

The incidents occurred between Thursday, 15 October, and Monday, 19 October, 2020.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding these incidents and trace the individuals responsible.

Sergeant Richard Barnwell from the Formartine Community Policing Team said: "This kind of behaviour is completely unacceptable and will be robustly investigated. The properties appear to have been randomly targeted and those responsible have shown complete disregard for the impact this could have on the occupants within.

“We are appealing for members of the public who were in or travelling through the mentioned areas between last Thursday and Monday, and saw anything suspicious, to come forward.

“It is likely that the suspects have been using a vehicle to drive around the area and shoot projectiles at windows of these properties, situated on the main roads. If you witnessed anything of this nature, or have dash-cam footage which could assist our enquiries, please get in touch.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting reference number CF0235751020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be provided anonymously.”
