```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Greater Glasgow Q3 stats released
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/greater-glasgow-q3-stats-released/
```

**Published 24 February 2020**

Total crime is down in Greater Glasgow and there has been a significant drop in sexual crimes, including rape, according to figures recorded by Police Scotland.

The number of sexual crimes recorded in the division fell from 837 to 648 in the nine months to December 31, 2019, when compared to the same period last year.

Attempted murder is also down and there were two fewer homicides year-on-year. Fewer housebreakings have also occurred while total weapons offences have increased from 1,031 to 1,232.

Eighty more crimes of fire-raising have been recorded since April last year and there has been an increase in the number of crimes recorded under the Communications Act 2003 (sexual).

Chief Superintendent Hazel Hendren, commander of Greater Glasgow Division, said:

“Homicides are down, attempted murder is down and sexual crimes are down from April to December last year.

“Local officers are working with partners to reduce crime and make Glasgow safe. Where specific crimes like fire-raising and vandalism have increased, my local policing teams will continue to target these.

“Rises in recorded crime can reflect an increase in our communities’ confidence in coming forward to report crime and I really welcome that.

“Every division in Police Scotland has the best of local and the strength of national – that’s local access to specialist services whose expertise can be drawn upon to support local violence reduction initiatives.

“As the city gears up to host the Euros in the summer and the United Nations 26th Conference of the Parties, I will continue to work in close collaboration with partners to support a downward trend in crime to keep Glasgow safe.”

Greater Glasgow’s figures come as Police Scotland published its 2019-20 Quarter 3 Performance Report today which revealed that there have been 1,313 crimes recorded against the Domestic Abuse (Scotland) Act 2018. Introduced on 1 April 2019, the new Act criminalises the coercive and controlling behaviours used by domestic abusers, creating a single offence which covers the full range of abusive behaviours whether physical, psychological, financial or sexual.

The offence carries a maximum tariff of 14 years.

The Quarter 3 report will be presented to the Scottish Police Authority’s Policing Performance Committee on 27 February.
