```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: August
  reference: '2968'
title: Appeal following serious assault in Larkhall
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-larkhall/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information after a 29-year-old man was seriously assaulted in Larkhall on Monday, 3 August, 2020.

Around 6.45pm, the victim was leaving a premises on Montgomery Street when two men got out of a dark blue Ford Focus car and attacked him with a weapon. The men escaped in the vehicle which drove off towards Union Street. The car was later found burnt out on Drumloch Highway in Hamilton around 9.10pm on Monday.

The victim was initially taken to Wishaw Hospital with serious injuries and was later transferred to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow.

The two suspects are described as:

1) Male, tall, and of slim build. He was wearing dark clothing and a face covering
2) Male, medium build with dark hair. He was wearing a dark grey top, black trousers and a face covering

Detective Sergeant Graham McAdam, of Airdrie CID, said: "This was a horrific attack which happened in broad daylight. We believe it was an isolated incident and that there is no wider threat to the community.

"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time who may have witnessed the attack or two men matching this description and who have not yet spoken to police to come forward. We understand there were several cars in the area at the time and would ask drivers with dash-cam footage to check back and see if there is any footage that may be able to assist our investigation.

"Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting incident number 2968 of 3 August. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
