```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '4'
  month: May
  reference: '2541'
title: Appeal following attempted murder in Castlemilk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-attempted-murder-in-castlemilk/
```

**Published 5 May 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured in the Castlemilk area on Monday, 4 May, 2020.

The incident happened on Arnprior Road around 5.30pm. Emergency services attended and a 29-year-old man was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where he is described as being in a stable but critical condition.

Police are treating the incident as attempted murder. Officers working on the investigation are checking all available CCTV and carrying out door-to-door enquiries to identify the person or persons responsible.

Detective Sergeant Keith Runcie, of Glasgow CID, said: "I am appealing to anyone who was on Arnprior Road or the surrounding streets around this time who may have witnessed the attack, saw somebody running away or saw any suspicious activity to contact the police as a matter of urgency. I would also ask anyone with dash-cam footage who was driving in the area at the time to check back and see if there is anything that could assist us in our investigation.

“I would urge anyone who may have information in connection with the attack, no matter how small they think it is, to contact the police on 101, quoting reference number 2541 of 4 May. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
