```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following deliberate fire at property near Lanark
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-following-deliberate-fire-at-property-near-lanark/
```

**Published 4 February 2020**

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for witness after a deliberate fire at a property near Lanark.

Officers were called to assist the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service at around 4.25am on Monday, 3, February who were responding to a fire at a property just off the B7078 near Douglas.

The fire was extinguished by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service but had caused extensive damage to the building. Nobody was injured as a result of the blaze.

Following a joint investigation conducted by officers and the fire service, the fire is being treated as suspicious.

Inquiries have established that the property was last seen in order at around 7.30pm on Sunday, 2 February.

Detective Constable Graeme Stoddart from Wishaw CID said: “This is a remote and rural property that has been deliberately set on fire.

“The blaze has caused significant damage to the building's structure and its contents. It was fortunate that there was no-one injured as a result of the incident.

“We’re eager to hear from anyone who may have been passing through the area, or specifically using the B7078 between Douglas and the Abington motorway services between 7.30pm on Sunday evening into the early hours of Monday morning, and who saw any suspicious behaviour.

“Equally anyone with any other information relevant to our investigation and who can help us identify and trace those responsible should get in touch with officers as soon as possible.”

Those with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 0348 of 3 February. Alternatively a report can be made to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
