```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after serious road crash near Invergordon
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-after-serious-road-crash-near-invergordon/
```

Police Scotland is appealing for information after a serious road crash near Invergordon.

The incident happened on Academy Road between the Tomich junction with the A9 and Inverbreakie Industrial Estate around 7.55am on Thursday, 19 November.

Three vehicles were involved- two black Vauxhall Astra cars and a grey Audi Q5 - all of which were being driven south towards Invergordon.

The 25-year-old male driver of one of the Vauxhall cars was taken to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness for treatment to serious and potentially life threatening injuries.

Neither the 20-year-old male driver of the other Astra nor the 55-year-old man driving the Audi were injured.

The road was closed to allow for an investigation at the scene. The road was reopened at 8pm.

Sergeant Angus Macleod, of the Road Policing Unit in Dingwall, said: "We are carrying out enquiries to establish the full circumstances which led to this crash and would urge anyone with information to come forward.

"We would be keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the crash or who may have seen the vehicles involved beforehand. Anyone who was on the road around that time and may have dashcam footage is asked to review it and pass on anything of note to us.

"Any information can be passed on by calling 101, quoting incident 0528 of 19 November."
