```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following fatal road traffic collision in North East
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-north-east/
```

Police in the North East are appealing for witnesses following a fatal crash.

It happened around 8.50am on Friday 11, December, on the A947 near Hattoncrook and involved four vehicles: a silver Ford Focus, a black Volkswagen Golf, a white Volkswagen Transporter and a white and green Mercedes truck.

The driver of the white VW Transporter, a 62-year-old man, was pronounced dead at the scene. The passenger, a 58-year-old man, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with serious injuries.

The 24-year male driver of the silver Ford Focus was also taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary by the Scottish Ambulance Service.

Both drivers and sole occupants of the other two vehicles, the Mercedes truck and the VW Golf, were uninjured.

The road remains closed to allow for collision investigation to be carried out at the scene.

Sergeant Alexander Bowser-Riley, of the North East Road Policing Unit said: “Sadly this collision has resulted in the death of one man and the serious injury of two others.

“Our enquiries into the cause of the crash are continuing and I would ask anyone who saw what happened, and has not yet spoken to officers, to please contact us.

“I would also like to speak with any motorists who were using the A947 this morning and may have seen any of the vehicles involved or who may have dash cam footage of them.

“The road will remain closed until our crash investigations are complete and I would urge the public to avoid the area until the road reopens.”

Anyone with information should contact Police on 101 quoting incident number 0596 of 11, December.
