```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Significant drugs and cash recoveries across country
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/significant-drugs-and-cash-recoveries-across-country/
```

**Published 23 April 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm that officers have recovered drugs with a street value of £2.65 million, and in excess of £1 million cash, following a number of proactive operations across the country in recent weeks.

These operations have taken place in the Glasgow, Lenzie, Hamilton, East Kilbride and Gartcosh areas, with a total of 64 kilograms of Class A drugs recovered, in addition to firearms, stolen vehicles and jewellery.

Nine men, aged between 20 to 53-years-old, and two women, both aged 26, have been arrested and charged in connection with various offences.

Officers were assisted in these intelligence-based operations by specialist resources, which included Police Dog units.

Assistant Chief Constable Angela McLaren, said: “These seizures again demonstrate our commitment to tackling the illegal supply of drugs and apprehending individuals involved in serious and organised crime across Scotland.

“I want to reassure the public that our efforts have continued throughout the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and offenders should not believe themselves to be beyond the reach of the law in these unprecedented times.

“We rely on the public to build our intelligence on these issues and I would encourage anyone to report any concerns or suspicious activity to the Police by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. By working together, we can keep our communities safe.”
