```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police Scotland statement on mobile drug consumption van operating in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/police-scotland-statement-on-mobile-drug-consumption-van-operating-in-glasgow/
```

Police Scotland has released an updated statement after reports and commentary wrongly stated a man had been arrested in relation to a mobile drug consumption van which operates in Glasgow.

Assistant Chief Constable Gary Ritchie, Partnerships, Prevention and Community Wellbeing, said:

“A 43-year-old man was charged for obstructing police officers carrying out their duties in respect of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 on Parnie Street, Glasgow on Friday, 23 October, 2020.

“He was not arrested and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.

“Three other people were searched but no crime was established and they were also not arrested.

“Police Scotland’s drug strategy is based on principles of harm reduction and focuses on engaging with partners to ensure that those whose lives are affected by drug use receive the appropriate care from health and support services.

“A number of initiatives are ongoing throughout Scotland involving police, health, social care, drug support groups, charities and local communities.

“In Glasgow, Police Scotland leads on the Positive Outcomes Project, which aims to ensure that those living with addiction can benefit from the many services on offer.

“Police officers who come across individuals they consider would benefit from those type of interventions will assist them in accessing the relevant services.

“Where crimes are being committed police officers will intervene, however it is understood the many complex needs that individuals have, and these are highlighted when reporting crimes to the Procurator Fiscal.

"Work is ongoing under the auspices of the Drugs Death Task Force to develop a parallel referral system where police officers, in appropriate circumstances, can refer individuals who may be breaking the law, directly into these services at an earlier stage.

“We will continue to focus our enforcement activities on those individuals and groups who are intent, for their own benefit, on supplying controlled drugs into communities and to people who are already vulnerable."
