```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '4127'
title: Brother of West Lothian fatal crash victim makes public appeal
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/brother-of-west-lothian-fatal-crash-victim-makes-public-appeal/
```

The brother of a man who died in a hit and run in West Lothian is appealing for anyone with information, which could lead to finding the person responsible, to come forward.

George Robertson (53) was on his way home when he was struck by a vehicle on the B792 between Bathgate and Torphichen on Sunday, 20 September, 2020.

The incident happened at some point between 10.50pm and 10.55pm and the driver of the vehicle failed to stop.

George Robertson was taken by ambulance to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, where he died a short time later.

Extensive enquiries are ongoing and officers have identified and are actively seeking a dark coloured Nissan Qashqai, believed to be around three years old, in connection with the incident.

The vehicle involved will have suffered damage to its underbody area as a result of the collision and is not expected to have any visible front end damage.

George’s brother, David Robertson (60) made a public appeal for information today, Tuesday, 27 October, 2020.

David said: “Five weeks ago my family lost an unbelievable healthy and fit son, brother and father, who had so much to live for, until someone took his life from us, leaving us totally devastated and heartbroken.

“The person or persons who ran over my brother George have not had the morale conviction or compassion to come forward, to explain to police what happened in this tragic road accident.

“I am now pleading for information from their family, friends or the public who might know something about what happened, to please call the police on 101.

“No words I write can describe how I, my 85 year old mum who is totally devastated, and my family feel right now, or ever will feel.

“We are hopping there are people with family morals and compassion who will come forward. Please do the right thing, talk to the police and have some self-respect.”

Inspector Peter Houston from Police Scotland’s Road Policing Unit said: “It has been more than five weeks since George’s death and we are still looking for answers for his family.

“Our dedicated team is committed to finding the person responsible, with officers examining hours of CCTV footage as well as following up the latest lines of enquiry.

“We are continuing our search for a dark coloured Nissan Qashqai, and would urge anyone who may have seen this car to get in touch. The vehicle will have suffered underbody damage and unless someone looks carefully at its underside, it would be very possible not to notice the damage.

“I believe that the answers lie within the local community and would urge anyone with information to come forward. No matter how insignificant you think your information is, please let us be the judge of that, as even the slightest detail could help us piece together what happened.

“Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident number 4127 of Sunday 20 September 2020. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be provided anonymously.”
