```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assault on Welsh Drive, Blantyre
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-serious-assault-on-welsh-drive-blantyre/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information following a serious assault in Blantyre.

The incident happened around 1.30pm on Saturday, 28 November, 2020 on Welsh Drive where two men assaulted a man with bladed weapons.

A 28-year-old man was taken to Hairmyres Hospital for treatment of serious but not life threatening injuries.

The first suspect is described as between 18 and 20-years-old, of a slim build and was wearing a black hat, black zipper hoodie, black joggers and a facemask.

The second suspect is described in his early 20s, around 6ft tall with a slim build and short brown hair. At the time of the incident he was wearing a full black matching Adidas tracksuit with white trainers.

Both men are said to have headed in the direction of the park at the rear of Welsh Drive.

Detective Sergeant Gary Smillie, of Lanarkshire CID, said: “We believe this incident to be a targeted attack and I would like to reassure members of the public that there is no threat to the wider community.

“Thankfully the man involved has been released from hospital and the extent of his injuries are not life threatening.

“This incident took place at a time where the area would have been busy and I would ask if you have any information that you come forward and speak to officers.

“If you noticed anyone matching these descriptions I would ask that you contact police.

“I would also appeal to anyone who has any CCTV or dashcam footage that could assist with our investigation to get in touch.

“Police can be contacted by calling 101 and quoting incident number 2082 of Saturday, 28 November, 2020.”
