```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following theft from premises on Bristo Square, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-theft-from-premises-on-bristo-square-edinburgh/
```

**Published 2 January 2020**

Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses following a theft from a business premises in Edinburgh city centre.

At around 6.50am on Wednesday, 1 January 2020, two men forced entry to a static cabin premises on Bristo Square, close to McEwan Hall. They left a short time later with a safe containing a five-figure sum of cash.

The pair are believed to have left the area in a vehicle, possibly a dark-coloured hatchback, along Forrest Road and then onto Chambers Street.

The suspects are both described as white, aged between 20 to 30-years-old, and were wearing dark coloured clothing.

Detective Inspector Jon Pleasance from Edinburgh CID said: “Since the theft happened we have been carrying out a number enquiries and understand that the men arrived at the premises at 06.51 from Teviot Place.

“They left on foot around three minutes later and CCTV enquiries have established that they got into a vehicle on Forrest Road at 06.54am.

“Despite the time of day, we know that there would still have been people in the area close to the main University buildings and in the Old Town. The safe would have been heavy to carry and the men would have struggled under its weight, which would have been distinctive to notice by passers-by. I would appeal to them, or anyone who saw the suspects or incident, to come forward to assist our inquiries.

“Equally anyone with private CCTV covering the area, or motorists recording with dash-cam devices in the city centre area early yesterday morning, should check their systems and provide any relevant footage to us as soon as possible.”

Those with information should call Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 2345 of 1st January. Alternatively an anonymous report can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
