```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '0426'
title: Wilful fire-raising to motorhome in Raploch Avenue, Scotstoun
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/wilful-fire-raising-to-motorhome-in-raploch-avenue-drumchapel/
```

Detectives are investigating after a motorhome was deliberately set on fire in the Scotstoun area of Glasgow on Thursday 27 August 2020.

Around 3.45am a car approached the motorhome parked on Raploch Avenue, near to Dumbarton Road, and a person got out carrying a can of accelerant which was used to set the vehicle alight.

The suspect made his way back to the car which then made off along Dumbarton Road.

From CCTV enquiries it appears that someone may also have sustained burns during the incident.

The motorhome was completely destroyed, and four cars parked across the road were also damaged. A block of flats next to the motorhome sustained damage to some windows.

Detective Constable Emma Laurie from Drumchapel CID said: “This was a shocking and reckless incident which has caused extensive damage to vehicles and properties in the street.

“There is also concern that someone may have been injured by the flames and we would urge this person to seek medical treatment if required.

“I would appeal to anyone who was in the vicinity of Raploch Avenue in the early hours of Thursday morning, and saw anything at all suspicious, to please come forward. I would also ask any motorists with dashcams who were in the area to check in case they have captured any footage which could assist with our enquiries.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Drumchapel CID through 101, quoting incident number 0426 of Thursday 27 August 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be provided anonymously.”
