```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information after body of man found near Banton Loch, Kilsyth
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-for-information-after-body-of-man-found-near-banton-loch-kilsyth/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after the body of a 57-year-old man was discovered near Banton Loch, Kilsyth, on Sunday 23 August 2020.

Alan Brown had been fishing at the loch with friends the day before, Saturday, 22 August, and was also seen there by walkers around 9pm that evening.

His body was found by a dog walker around 2.35pm on Sunday.

A post mortem examination has been carried out and the death is currently being treated as unexplained.

Alan is white, around 5 ft. 10 inches in height with a slim build, short greying hair and similar stubble. He was wearing a black jacket with a hood, grey jumper, blue jeans and black trainers.

Detective Inspector Gordon Sneddon from Coatbridge CID said: “We know that Alan was in the company of friends at the loch on Saturday during the day and then remained there alone after they left.

“There have been several sightings of him on the Saturday evening but it is vital that we piece together his movements between when he was last seen and when he was found dead the following afternoon.

“I would appeal to anyone who believes they may have seen Alan between 9pm on Saturday night and 2.35pm on Sunday afternoon, to please get in touch.

“Alan’s family is understandably devastated by his loss, and although there is nothing to suggest anyone else was involved in his death at this time, it is important that we establish exactly what happened.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Coatbridge CID through 101, quoting incident number 2260 of Sunday, 23 August, 2020. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be provided anonymously.”
