```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Dumfries and Galloway public thanked for Covid-19 support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/dumfries-and-galloway-public-thanked-for-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Linda Jones has asked everyone in Dumfries and Galloway to stick with the requirement to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

The divisional commander has also thanked people in communities across the division for continuing to comply with the physical distancing instruction.

She said: “Community policing has a vital role to play in supporting the response to coronavirus and Police Scotland officers are out on the street round the clock, engaging with our fellow citizens, explaining and legislation and encouraging compliance.

“The overwhelming majority of people have accepted our advice and only as a last resort, have we had to use enforcement powers where people continue to defy the very clear instructions.

“I know that it might be tempting to travel to some of our beautiful coastal areas and outdoor spaces as the warm weather continues, but we must stick with the physical distancing guidance at this time.

“Please, only leave the house for very limited purposes, for example for basic necessities, such as food and medicine, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work which cannot be done at home.

“Avoid driving as much as possible. Use spaces close to home for exercise and do not drive for leisure. Do not travel to take exercise and do not hold house parties with people from outwith your household.

“The Chief Constable has been clear that everyone - including police officers - has to take a common sense approach and this is what we will continue to do given our strong history of policing by consent.

“We need everybody, collectively, to play their part to protect the NHS and save lives.”

Figures released today show that 29 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Dumfries and Galloway between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
