```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '5'
  month: August
  reference: 0768
title: Re-appeal after woman robbed on Culzean Road, Maybole
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/re-appeal-after-woman-robbed-on-culzean-road-maybole/
```

Two weeks on, officers at Ayr are re-appealing for information to assist their investigation after a woman was robbed in Maybole on Wednesday, 5 August, 2020.

Around 9.40am on Wednesday, 5 August, a 49 year-old woman was robbed while she was walking her small white dog in a grassy area near Culzean Road and Burns Drive, when she was approached by a man who tried to grab items off her, but he only managed to make off with a piece of jewellery.

She was not injured, but was extremely shaken as a result of the incident.

The suspect is described as white, around 5ft 10ins in height and of slim build with a mono brow. He was wearing a black hooded top, dark-coloured trousers, dirty white trainers and a blue surgical mask and gloves.

This morning officers were out in the area where the incident took place, Detective Sergeant Craig Semple from Ayr Police Office said: “Our enquiries this morning were to try and jog people’s memories in case they were in the same area two weeks ago and noticed anything that may be significant to our enquiry. I am grateful for the assistance that they gave us, and we will now follow up the information gained.

“This type of incident is unacceptable and we are continuing to work to trace the person responsible. We have also been speaking to local residents and studying CCTV footage from in and around the local area to identify him.

“I would like to re-appeal to anyone with any information to contact Ayr Police Office through 101 quoting reference number 0768 of 5 August. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
