```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '17'
  month: May
  reference: 0590
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Inverness
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-inverness/
```

**Published 18 May 2020**

Police in Inverness are appealing for information following an attempted robbery in the early hours of Sunday, 17 May, 2020.

Around 3.30am, a woman was sat in her parked car on Blackthorn Road in the Culloden area when a man approached her vehicle. The suspect tried the door handle and when the victim challenged the man, he grabbed her by the shoulders and attempted to steal her bag from within the car. The suspect ran away in the direction of Keppoch Road.

Enquiries are ongoing to trace the male suspect. He is described as aged 30 - 40, around 5 ft 11 ins and spoke with a Scottish accent. He was wearing a dark tracksuit, black beanie hat and had a sports-type bag.

Detective Sergeant Graeme Johnstone said: "While the woman was not injured, this was clearly a very distressing incident for her. I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw or heard any suspicious activity, or a man matching this description trying car doors, to get in touch as soon as possible.

"If you were driving in the area at the time and have a dash-cam, I would also ask you to check back to see if there is anything that may be of use to our investigation.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to please keep their vehicles locked and any valuables out of sight."

Anyone with information in connection with this incident is asked to contact police on 101, quoting reference number 0590 of 17 May.
