```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '8'
  month: December
  reference: '2863'
title: Man robbed on Southburn Road, Airdrie
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/man-robbed-on-southburn-road-airdrie/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a 19 year-old man was robbed in Airdrie on Tuesday, 8 December, 2020.

Around 7.30pm on Tuesday evening, the 19 year-old man was walking from Kennedy Drive onto Deedes Street, Airdrie, when he was approached by two men. They followed him along Deedes Street to Shop Local store and thereafter onto Southburn Road. They then threatened him with a knife outside a lane leading to lock-up garages. They robbed him of his wallet, then ran off towards Centenary Avenue.

The first suspect is described as black, between 17-20 years of age, around 5ft 10ins in height and of slim build wearing a beanie hat, dark-coloured jacket and black trousers and carrying an Adidas rucksack.

The second suspect is described as black, aged between 17-20 years of age, around 5ft 10ins in height and of slim build wearing black trousers and a black puff-style jacket.

Both suspects spoke with English accents, possibly London accents.

Detective Constable Chris Armstrong of Coatbridge Police Station is appealing for any information. He said: “We have been carrying out enquiries in the local area and checking CCTV footage in an effort to gather more detail on this robbery and on the two men responsible.

“I would urge any witnesses, or anyone with information that may assist our investigation to contact Coatbridge Police Station through 101, quoting reference number 2863 of 8 December. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
