```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: March
  reference: '2354'
title: Appeal following assault and robbery in Maryhill
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/appeal-following-assault-and-robbery-in-maryhill/
```

**Published 4 March 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information following an assault and robbery on an elderly woman in Maryhill.

The incident happened around 4.45pm on Tuesday, 3 March, 2020, at a property on Kirkhill Place.

A 78-year-old woman was taking out her rubbish when two women approached her and offered assistance. They tried to befriend the victim, forcing their way into her home. They then assaulted the victim and stole a quantity of cash from the property.

Enquiries are ongoing and local officers are urging anyone with information to come forward.

The female suspects are described as:

1) White, aged 30-40, gaunt, with a strong Glaswegian accent. She was wearing dark clothing

2) White, aged 30-40, medium build, brown hair with a softly spoken Glaswegian accent. She was wearing dark clothing

Constable James Johnston, of the Community Investigation Unit, said: "Although the elderly woman did not require hospital treatment, this has been an extremely frightening incident for her. She has been left very shaken and is being supported by our officers and partner agencies.

“We will not tolerate this type of behaviour and criminality in our communities. It is vital that we trace the people responsible. We are looking for any witnesses who may have observed the suspects in the area before or running away after the incident. We are also appealing to any taxi drivers or other vehicles with dash cam footage which may have caught the suspects running away and in the area."

Those with information can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 2354 of 3 March, or can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
