```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Week of action in Dundee to tackle domestic abuse
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/week-of-action-in-dundee-to-tackle-domestic-abuse/
```

Dundee will see a week of action to target domestic abuse offenders to send out the message that this behaviour will not be tolerated.

This action will start tomorrow (Monday, 21 September).

Detective Sergeant Stephen Gray of the Domestic Abuse Investigation Unit said: “Tackling domestic abuse is very much a priority for Police Scotland.

"Detectives from the Domestic Abuse Investigation Unit, along with officers from local policing, will be visiting offenders to ensure they are complying with bail conditions and also visiting high risk victims to provide reassurance.

“No-one should live in fear of physical harm.

"Nor should they have their personal freedom restricted, be subjected to emotional or financial manipulation, or be deliberately isolated from family or friends.

"Physical, mental and emotional abuse shatter confidence and increase vulnerability.

"We work closely with partner agencies within Tayside to support victims and we want to continue to encourage victims of domestic abuse to come forward and not suffer in silence.

“Our message is simple, domestic abuse will not be tolerated."

Gillian Boland, Team Manager at Barnado’s, said: “If you are experiencing domestic abuse then there is help out there.

“If you need to talk to someone then you can get in touch with the Dundee Multi-Agency Independent Advocacy service on 01382 596100 or, alternatively, out of hours on 07821865661.

“Lines are open Friday, 5pm to 9pm, Saturday and Sunday, 9am to 2pm, and Monday, 5pm to 9pm. We understand it can be difficult to pick up the phone but one of our experienced practitioners is here to help you."
