```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Glasgow Communities Thanked for Continued COVID-19 Support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/glasgow-communities-thanked-for-continued-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in Greater Glasgow are asking the public to continue to support officers playing a vital role in the nationwide effort to combat coronavirus.

Chief Superintendent Hazel Hendren, divisional commander, thanked communities across the division who have stepped forward and played their part to protect the NHS and save lives.

Officers are on patrol 24/7, engaging with people, explaining the legislation and encouraging them to stay at home.

Chief Supt Hendren said: “I am grateful for the overwhelming support from the majority of the public who are complying with the Scottish Government guidance.

“I recognise that people have made significant changes to their daily lives and at times it has been incredibly difficult.

“As the Chief Constable said today, we need everybody to continue to play their part to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Police Scotland officers are out across Greater Glasgow every day, speaking to people and explaining the legislation to them. We will always encourage people to comply and use enforcement only as a last resort.

“Our day-to-day work continues as well and it is important that people continue to come forward to report crimes or concerns they might have about someone who could be at risk of harm.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
