```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '6'
  month: December
  reference: '2148'
title: Appeal for missing man, Graham Brady, one month anniversary
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/appeal-for-missing-man-graham-brady-one-month-anniversary/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are again appealing for information in order to trace Graham Brady who has now been missing for a month.

Graham was reported missing by his family on Sunday, 6 December, 2020, after he had not been seen or heard from in several days, which is out of character for him.

Enquiries carried out have the last confirmed sighting of him around 10pm on Tuesday, 1 December, 2020 in the Whitehall Crescent area.

He is described as white, around 6ft 2 inches in height, of a medium build with brown hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a tan, green coloured jacket with fur around the hood, black trousers with a blue and white stripped jumper and white and red Nike trainers.

Inspector Brian Lindie of Police Scotland said: “I would like to thank members of the public and media who have assisted officers so far in the search for Graham. Officers are still conducting searches of the local and wider areas.

“Unfortunately, it has now been a month since Graham was reported missing and we remain concerned for his welfare.

“As we have said before it is out of character for Graham to not be in touch with family for this length of time and we are all becoming increasingly worried.

“I would urge anyone who may have seen Graham to contact police as soon as possible, and if Graham is reading this, please get in touch to let us know you are safe.”

Anyone with information on is asked to contact police on 101, quoting reference number 2148 of 6 December, 2020.
