```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '682'
title: Appeal for information after break-in, Dobbies, Livingston
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-after-break-in-dobbies-livingston/
```

**Published 16th June 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for information after Dobbies Garden Centre in Livingston was broken into in the early hours on Monday 15 June.

Thieves broke into the centre on Houston Mains at 2.15am, gained access to fork lift vehicle, causing damage and then leaving the premises with a number of ornamental garden water features, a garden strimmer and a pressure washer.

Detective Constable Peter Baxter said :

‘Enquiries so far have established that two men wearing dark clothing and with hoods up have left Dobbies on foot pushing trollies taken from within the centre. These trollies were found close by at the side of the A89 roadway. We would like to speak to these men.

‘I am appealing to anyone who may have been in the Houston Mains or Dechmont area in the early hours of Monday morning and saw any suspicious persons or vehicles to get in touch.

‘I would also ask anyone who may have been driving in the area around the time of the incident to review their dash-cam footage or anyone who have may have private CCTV to report anything which may be of use to us'.

‘I would also encourage anyone who may be offered items such as ornamental garden water features for sale, or any information at all that may be of significance to this enquiry to contact us’.

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 682 of Monday 15 June or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
