```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Two men convicted following Organised Crime Partnership operation
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/two-men-convicted-following-organised-crime-partnership-operation/
```

A man who smuggled a firearm into the country has today, Friday, 8 January, 2021 been convicted.

Following a multi-agency investigation carried out by officers from the Organised Crime Partnership, a specialist team of Police Scotland and National Crime Agency officers, a package containing a firearm was intercepted in December 2019 on its way to Scotland.

On Tuesday, 3 December, 2019, an armed operation was carried out at a property in Nursery Gardens, Inverkip.

Officers arrested a 19-year-old man, Ryan Bonner, in connection with the firearms offences. A search of another property found quantities of ecstasy and the occupant, a 20-year-old man, Johnathan Paxton, was arrested in connection with drugs offences.

Both have been convicted after pleading guilty at the Glasgow High Court. They are due to sentenced on Friday,5 February, 2021.

Members of the OCP, which includes Police Scotland and the National Crime Agency (NCA) operating under the agreement of the Lord Advocate, have now welcomed the convictions of Bonner and Paxton.

Detective Inspector Tom Gillan of the Organised Crime Partnership (Scotland) said: “The Organised Crime Partnership (Scotland) is a collaboration of officers from the Police Service of Scotland and National Crime Agency. The OCP is committed to tackling serious and organised crime across Scotland and the United Kingdom (UK).

“The illegal acquisition and possession of firearms will not be tolerated in Scotland and any such crime will be thoroughly investigated. The public can be reassured that the OCP will use all legitimate means to remove threat, risk and harm from the communities of Scotland posed by organised crime.

“I would like to thank our partner law enforcement agencies for all assistance provided during this investigation and would urge anyone with information surrounding illegal firearms to contact Crime Stoppers on 0800 555 111.”

NCA operations manager John McGowan of the Organised Crime Partnership (Scotland) said: “This operation prevented a deadly firearm and a quantity of illegal drugs from reaching the streets of Scotland.

“The Organised Crime Partnership brings together specialist officers and capabilities from the NCA and Police Scotland, and enables us to protect the people of Scotland from threats that come from well beyond our shores.

“Working together we are determined to do all we can to stop the flow of illegal guns and drugs, and tackle the organised criminality that has a devastating impact on our communities.”
