```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after man dies after being struck by vehicle, Balmore Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-after-man-dies-after-being-struck-by-vehicle-balmore-road-glasgow/
```

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured on A807 on Wednesday, 7 September, 2020, and later died in hospital.

Kieran Paul Murray was discovered around 9.40pm lying on Balmore Road, approximately 500 metres east of the Allander Toll Roundabout, just before Bardowie village near to the 30mph road traffic signs.

A post mortem examination has found the 23-year-old appears to have been struck by a vehicle, and officers are appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident to come forward.

Emergency services attended and he was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, before being transferred to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment to a serious head injury.

Kieran was pronounced dead in hospital on Friday, 9 October, 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant, from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team said:

“Investigations into the cause of Kieran’s death have found it is likely he was struck by a vehicle, which led to him being discovered lying seriously injured on Balmore Road.

“I would urge anyone who was in the area of Balmore Road on Wednesday night and noticed anything which could be helpful to our enquiries to please get in touch.

“It is possible that the driver of the vehicle may not have been aware they hit Kieran, or may now be frightened to come forward, but I would like to urge you to please contact police. A young man has lost his life, leaving his family utterly devastated, and we must find answers for them.

“Likewise, I would urge any motorists with dashcam footage, who were in the vicinity around the time of the incident, to check in case they captured anything of importance.”

"Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting reference number 3599 of Wednesday, 7 October, 2020.

"Alternatively you can call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
