```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Forth Valley residents thanked for staying at home over Easter
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/forth-valley-residents-thanked-for-staying-at-home-over-easter/
```

**Published 10 April 2020**

As the Easter holiday weekend gets under way, Chief Superintendent Alan Gibson, divisional commander of Forth Valley division, has issued the following statement:

“I want to thank people in communities throughout Forth Valley for their continued support of the social distancing measures.

"I know that many of us are missing friends and family at this time, which is normally an occasion where we all gather together.

"However, it is essential that we all continue to play our part by staying at home to save lives and protect the NHS.

"The Chief Constable has said that vast majority of people are complying with the instructions and this includes communities across Stirlingshire, Falkirk and Clackmannanshire.

"Over the Easter weekend, I would ask that you continue staying at home to assist our NHS colleagues in their response to coronavirus.

"The Chief Constable stressed the importance of this when he spoke with the First Minister today and asked the public to continue with the changes, even during the holiday and as the weather gets better.

"While essential trips to shops for food and medicine are permitted along with brief periods of exercise, including dog walking, please don’t travel anywhere to exercise or to walk your pets. Forth Valley has a range of extremely popular beauty spots and public attractions that are visited by locals and visitors alike all year round. However, during this time we want everyone to stay away.

"Hikers, day-trippers and cyclists and motorcyclists are all welcome to return to these areas when restrictions are lifted, but for now, the safest and most responsible place to be is at home.

"We would also urge people who normally enjoy house parties to connect through other methods.

"We will have dedicated patrols in the division throughout the weekend and Police Scotland officers will engage with people, establish their individual circumstances and explain the risks to public health of failing to comply with guidance.

"We will always encourage compliance but, as a last resort, we will use the enforcement powers which are in place.

"I know this will be an unprecedented Easter weekend but it is essential we all play our part and I am grateful to those who have made significant changes to their daily habits and routines to help protect their fellow citizens."

Under the emergency powers relating to coronavirus, a total of 44 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Forth Valley between March 27 and April 9.
