```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man charged in connection with death in Jasmine Terrace, Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/man-charged-in-connection-with-death-in-jasmine-terrace-aberdeen/
```

Police Scotland can confirm that a 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with murder following the death of a 60-year-old man at an address in Jasmine Terrace, Aberdeen on Sunday, 23 August. He is expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Tuesday, 25 August.

The 60-year-old man who died has been formally identified as Clifford Anderson. The following statement has been released on behalf of his family.

"Cliff was a dearly beloved son of the late Ronald and Iris, a brother of Elaine and Iain, uncle and a friend to many. He will be sorely missed by all.

"Cliff was a happy, friendly person and a keen darts player. He was hard-working and dedicated to his job with Scotrail where he had been employed for over 30 years.

"We have been shocked by the recent events and it is obviously an extremely difficult time for us as a family. We would ask that our privacy is respected at this difficult time."

Detective Inspector Gary Winter from the Major Investigation Team said: “My thoughts are with Cliff’s family, friends and colleagues at this difficult time. There will be a significant police presence and activity in the area whilst we carry out our investigation into this incident. This would appear to have be an isolated incident and there was no wider threat to the local community."

“Anyone who heard or saw anything in the area is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting reference 1418 of 23 August.”
