```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '4'
  month: January
  reference: '0702'
title: Re-appeal for information - Garscube Road, Cowcaddens
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/re-appeal-for-information-garscube-road-cowcaddens/
```

**Published 7 January 2020**

Police in Glasgow are re-appealing for information after a man found injured in the city centre has died in hospital.

Around 7.10am on Saturday, 4 January, 2020, police received a report of a 59-year-old man lying injured at a bus shelter in Garscube Road, Cowcaddens. Emergency services attended and the man was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary where he later died.

Enquiries are ongoing into the circumstances surrounding the death. Detectives have been piecing together the man's movements in the early hours of Saturday morning and are appealing to a number of people who helped him and could assist the investigation.

CCTV enquiries show the man falling at the junction of Renfield Street on West George Street around 3.30am on Saturday. At this point, three people assisted him - two wearing dark clothing and one wearing light clothing. The man then walked away, along Renfield Street.

Further enquiries suggest the man was later standing at a bus shelter on Garscube Road, near Dundasvale Court, around 5.25am. In a five minute period, three further men interacted with him. One of these men assisted the man into the bus shelter and another of the men appears to have attempted to phone a taxi for the injured man before boarding a number 60 First Bus service.

Detective Inspector Iain Nelson said: "Since our initial appeal, the man has died in hospital and it's crucial we find out what happened to him earlier that morning. I am appealing to the three people who interacted with him when he fell at the junction of Renfield Street and the three people who interacted with him at the bus shelter on Garscube Road to contact police as a matter of urgency as they could have vital information which could assist with our enquiries.

"I would also ask anyone who was driving in these areas in the early hours of Saturday to review their dash-cam footage and report anything which may be of use to us."

Anyone with information is asked to call officers at the Glasgow city centre police station via 101, quoting reference number 0702 of 4 January.
