```yaml
area: Scotland
title: TV Licences for over 75s
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/tv-licences-for-over-75s/
```

Are you, or is someone you know, over 75 and going to have to pay for a TV licence in the near future? If so, please remember the only way you will be contacted about this is by post.

As of 3 August 2020, TV Licensing will be sending out letters to anyone over 75 and asking them to either pay for their licence or apply for a free one.

They will not contact you by telephone, and no-one will come to your door requesting payment or banking information with regards to television licensing. If you are contacted by anyone this way, we urge you to either put the phone down or close and secure the door.

The letter you receive will include your licence number, your title and your last name and they will **only** ask you to pay using the following options:

 * By post, using the address **TV Licensing, PO Box 578, Darlington, DL98 1AN**
 * Online at **co.uk/75pay** or **tvl.co.uk/75apply**
 * Via telephone on **0300 790 6151**

If you’re unsure about anything, you can call TV Licensing on 0300 303 9695 to speak with someone who can help.

Remember cold callers are adept at convincing people they are someone they’re not, and can be very convincing, persistent and persuasive. There’s nothing wrong with hanging up the phone or closing the door while you telephone the company to confirm what you are being told, or being asked for. Genuine callers will understand. Don’t contact the company using any number given to you by a caller - look it up on line or in the phone book and wait at least five minutes before using the phone; ideally phone from a different number if the cold caller has contacted you via the telephone.

Never give out any personal or bank details to cold callers, regardless of what they might tell you, and never allow anyone to access your computer remotely. Staff will not ask for any other form of payment to settle an outstanding amount and they won’t push you into paying by telling you there is a time restriction to pay without incurring further penalties.

If you do give out your bank details by mistake, contact your bank immediately and they will be able to take action to protect your account.

If you have been a victim of a fraud, contact Police Scotland by calling 101. If it is an emergency and you require police assistance immediately, dial 999

If you, or someone you know, is vulnerable and has been a victim of financial harm, contact your local Adult Protection Unit on the following numbers:

 * Aberdeen City – 0800 731 5520; Email AdultProtectionUnit@aberdeencity.gov.uk
 * Aberdeenshire – 01467 533100; Email adultprotectionnetwork@aberdeenshire.gov.uk
 * Moray - 01343 563999; Email accesscareteam@moray.gov.uk
