```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Four convicted of Edinburgh drug supply offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/four-convicted-of-edinburgh-drug-supply-offences/
```

**Published 14 February 2020**

Police Scotland has acknowledged the sentencing of four people who have admitted involvement in the supply of drugs in Edinburgh.

John Lloyd, 21, Humaysa Khan, 20, and Jordan Allan, 22, all pleaded guilty to supplying heroin and cocaine worth around £123,500 in Edinburgh between 20 July and 20 August, 2019.

Etima Udottong, 35, admitted supplying cocaine worth approximately £120,000 in the city on 2 October, 2019.

All four were sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow today (Friday, 14 February).
Allan was jailed for three years and nine months, Khan for four years and four months, Lloyd for three years and nine months and Uddotong for three years and two months.

Detective Inspector Gary Reid said:

"These convictions serve as another example of our commitment to target anyone we suspect to be involved in the supply chain of illegal drugs.

"This hopefully sends a clear message that whoever you are and wherever you are from, we will continue to proactively target anyone suspected of being involved in bringing illegal and harmful drugs into our communities.

"Lloyd, Khan, Allan and Udottong were all identified during an exhaustive investigation into their activities.

“People involved in the drug trade often exploit the most vulnerable members of society so we all have an obligation to help protect each other by reporting any suspicious or harmful behaviour that may be happening in local areas.

"We are grateful to the public for every piece of information we receive which is used to disrupt the trade in drugs and bring those responsible for supplying to justice.

"If anyone has any concerns regarding the abuse of controlled drugs, or anyone who may be involved in the supply of controlled drugs, they are urged to contact Police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111"
