```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following robbery at Bowhouse Square in Grangemouth
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-robbery-at-bowhouse-square-in-grangemouth/
```

**Published 18 January 2020**

Police in Forth Valley are appealing for information following a robbery at a convenience store in Grangemouth.

The incident happened at the premises at Bowhouse Square around 8.00pm on Friday, 17 January, 2020.

Three men entered the store and threatened the shopkeeper before making off with a number of items and money.

Inquiries are ongoing to trace the suspects and anyone who can assist in identifying them is asked to come forward.

The first man is described as being white, mid 20s, between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 10ins tall and of slim build. He had a snood with a skull/skeleton style design covering his face and was wearing a black hooded top with hood up, grey jogging bottoms, dirty white trainers and black gloves with red knuckles and white fingers.

The second man is described as being white, mid 20s, between 5ft 8ins and 5ft 11ins tall and of medium build. He also had a snood with a skull/skeleton style design covering his face and was wearing a dark-coloured jacket, dark-coloured jogging bottoms and was carrying a black rucksack.

The third man is described as being white, around 5ft 6ins tall. He also covered his face with a snood and was wearing a black top with the hood up.

Detective Inspector Michelle Findlay, of Forth Valley CID, said: "The shopkeeper didn’t suffer any injuries but nevertheless this was a frightening experience.

"Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the men responsible.

"Anyone who believes they may have information which could help identify the men, their direction of travel or any vehicles they may be using or who was in the area at the time of the robbery is urged to contact police as soon as they can.

"This appears to be an isolated incident and I would like to assure the local community that our officers are constantly working hard to keep them safe."

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting incident 3447 of 17 January, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
