```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drink and drug drivers caught after weekend operation
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/drink-and-drug-drivers-caught-after-weekend-operation/
```

**Published 15th June 2020**

A number of people have been arrested in connection with drink and drug drive offences after a weekend of action across the Highland and Islands area, led by the Road Policing Division.

Police Scotland officers from Road Policing teams were joined by colleagues from the Alcohol and Violence Reduction Unit and community policing teams to target illegal driving behaviour as part of the division’s commitment to improving road safety.

This weekend’s activity resulted in eight men, aged between 19 and 51, being arrested in connection with alleged drug driving after failing roadside drug tests. One of the drivers, a 22-year-old man, was stopped twice in Inverness over the course of the weekend and has been arrested with separate drug driving offences.

Enquiries into these alleged drug driving offences remain ongoing until further forensic results are concluded. Four of the drug drivers were stopped in Inverness, one in Dingwall, one in Badenoch, one in Skye and one in Shetland.

Additionally, four men aged between 16 and 31 and a 26-year-old woman were stopped for alleged drink driving offences. Two of the drivers were stopped on the Isle of Lewis, one in the Muir of Ord, one in Dingwall and one in Shetland. All have been arrested and charged and will be reported to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.

The 16-year-old boy who was stopped on the Isle of Lewis has also been charged in connection with theft of a vehicle and other road traffic offences.

PC Calum Macaulay from the Road Policing team at Dingwall said:

“We all have a part to play in keeping ourselves and others on the road safe. Anyone who drink or drug drives puts their safety, and that of innocent members of the public, at significant risk.

“The consequences of drink or drug driving can be fatal; we cannot be clearer about the dangers and it simply isn’t worth the risk. When caught drink or drug driving, you face losing your licence, potentially your job and you could even be imprisoned.

“Please think about your safety and that of others before getting behind the wheel. Particularly during this difficult time, we should all be looking out for each other and being safe. If you have concerns about someone drink or drug driving, please contact us so we can take action.”
