```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following car fire in Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/appeal-following-car-fire-in-coatbridge/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for information after a car was deliberately set on fire on Friday, 15 January, 2021.

Around 4.20pm officers were called to a report of a white BMW 5 series on fire outside a property on Woodside Court, Coatbridge.

Officers are treating the fire as wilful and are appealing for information after two men were seen in the area close to the time the fire occurred.

The first is described as aged 20-30, around 5ft 8in tall and of stocky build. He was wearing a black hooded top with the hood up. He was wearing black gloves and thought to be in possession of a petrol canister. The man is described as having a distinctive run with his feet turned out.

The second man is described as aged 20-30, around 5ft 7in tall and of slim build. He was wearing black tracksuit bottoms, a dark tracksuit top and a top with dark arms and a dark grey or green bottom half.

Detective Constable Alan McNeil, of Lanarkshire CID, said: “It is believed the two males headed towards Highcross Avenue and onto Coll Drive after the fire.

“The area was busy at the time of this incident with vehicles and pedestrians passing by and I am appealing for anyone who saw people matching these descriptions or who has any information which may assist with our enquiries to contact us.

“I would also appeal for anyone who was in the area at the time and who may have dash cam footage to get in touch.”

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident 2147 of 15 January, 2021.
