```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after teenager assaulted in Prestonpans
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-after-teenager-assaulted-in-prestonpans/
```

**Published 27 January 2020**

Police in East Lothian are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was assaulted in Prestonpans.

The incident happened between 5.30pm and 6.30pm on Thursday, 23 January on a grassy area close to Mid Road Industrial Estate.

A 13-year-old boy who had been with a group of friends at the Co-op store on Mid Road was chased by a group of youths and assaulted.

The victim sustained serious facial injuries that required hospital treatment.

The suspects are all described as white males aged between 13 to 14-years-old. One of the suspects was wearing dark coloured jogging bottoms, a blue ‘Armani’ body warmer and white trainers, with the others all in dark-coloured clothing.

Detective Sergeant Mandy Wilkinson of Dalkeith CID said: “The teenager has been left with a serious injury to his face as a result of this assault and we are eager to trace those responsible as soon as possible.

“We are carrying out a number of enquiries in the local area which includes reviewing CCTV footage and I would ask anyone who may have witnessed the incident on Thursday evening, or the group in the Redburn Road or Mid Road areas, to get in contact with officers.

“Equally anyone who has any information to identify those involved should come forward and assist officers as soon as possible.”

Those with information should call Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 1036 of 24 January. Information can also be given to the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
