```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following break-ins in Cove area, Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/witness-appeal-following-break-ins-in-cove-area-aberdeen/
```

Detectives in Aberdeen are appealing for information following a series of break-ins and attempted break-ins in the Cove area, between 30 July and 15 August 2020.

During the early hours of Thursday, 30 July 2020, the Coral Bookmarkers on Loirston Avenue was broken into and items were stolen from within.

At present, there is no description of the persons responsible however the stolen property was found near to the premises.

About 2.45am on Friday, 31 July 2020, attempts were made to enter the Co-Operative store on Loirston Avenue however the persons responsible were unsuccessful.

Two people are suspected to be responsible. The first is described as being male, approximately 5ft 8 to 6ft in height, of slim build and wearing a grey tracksuit. The second is described as being male, shorter than the first male, of medium build wearing a dark coloured jacket, dark coloured trousers and trainers.

About 2am on Saturday, 15 August 2020, the Sainsbury’s store on Charleston Road North was broken into and a quantity of alcohol was stolen from within.

One person is suspected to be responsible and is described as male, approximately 5ft 8 to 6ft in height, of slim to medium build and was wearing a blue two-tone jacket, blue coloured jeans and dark coloured trainers.

Detective Sergeant McKay of Aberdeen CID said: “Although these crimes are uncommon in the Cove area, we are keeping an open mind at this time as to whether or not the crimes are connected.

“At this stage, I am appealing for anyone who may have information as to who may be responsible or who may have private CCTV, Dashcam footage or doorbell camera footage in the areas around the three premises to contact Police.

“As part of ongoing enquiries the residents of Cove will likely see an increase in Police Officers, both uniformed and plain clothes in the coming days and weeks. We will also be increasing vehicle and foot patrols during the hours of darkness, particularly in and around the areas affected. Please be re-assured that these patrols are to deter further crimes being committed.”

Anyone with information relating to any of the crimes should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident 0618 of 15 August, 2020. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously using independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 55511.
