```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '15'
  month: March
  reference: 0871
title: Appeal following series of break-ins in Oban
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/appeal-following-series-of-break-ins-in-oban/
```

**Published 15 March 2020**

Police in Oban are appealing for information following a series of break-ins to commercial properties in the surrounding area.

The incidents are believed to have occurred in the early hours of Sunday, 15 March, 2020.

A shop in Benderloch was broken into and a five-figure sum of cigarettes and alcohol was stolen from the premises.

A café in Barcaldine was broken into and a three-figure sum of cash was stolen. Another shop in the same village was broken into, however nothing was stolen.

There was also a break-in at a garage in Appin where a Black Ford Ranger (reg SY18 ZST) was stolen, along with a number of tools and a four-figure sum of cash.

Enquiries into the incidents are ongoing and detectives are keeping an open mind as to whether they are connected.

CCTV enquiries show a male suspect in the area of the café in Barcaldine. He is described as white, aged 20-30 and around 6 ft in height. He was wearing a high visibility jacket, skip cap and a black snood partially covering his face.

Detective Constable Alasdair Dewar said: "I am appealing to anyone who was in the Benderloch, Barcaldine and Appin areas in the early hours of this morning to get in touch if they saw or heard anything suspicious.

"The male suspect seen in Barcaldine was wearing a high visibility vest so it is possible he may have been trying to pose as an official workman in the area.

"Items such as cigarettes, alcohol and garage tools were stolen so it is likely that the person responsible will try to sell these on in the next few days. If somebody approaches you offering to sell any of these items, please let police know.

"The Black Ford Ranger (reg SY18 ZST) remains missing. If anyone has seen this vehicle since the early hours of this morning, please report this to the police.

"I would also ask anyone who may have been driving in any of these areas in the early hours of this morning to review their dashcam footage and report anything which may be of use to us."
Information about these incidents can be provided to local officers or to Police Scotland via 101, quoting reference number 0871 of 15 March. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
