```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Proactivity key in fighting crime across Tayside
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/proactivity-key-in-fighting-crime-across-tayside/
```

**Published 24 February 2020**

Officers in Tayside are urging the public to continue telling them what issues matter to them the most as targeted activity continues to be launched across the region to help keep communities safe.

Performance figures for the Q3 period (April through to December end) have highlighted an increase in some crime groups - in many cases due to increased proactive activity linked to violent crime, illegal drugs and anti-social behaviour.

Tayside Division Chief Superintendent Andrew Todd said:

“Officers have been carrying out a significant amount of high-visibility activity over the past few months which accounts for an increase in some crime groups. Just last month 113 people were arrested during a two-week operation alone to target offenders connected to drugs and violent crime, in addition to significant amounts of illegal drugs and counterfeit goods being seized.

"Carrying out dedicated activity like this, engaging with our local communities and partners, and reducing the fear and impact of crime locally is absolutely crucial and we will continue to relentlessly pursue those who choose to offend with the support of Police Scotland’s national resources including Roads Policing and the Specialist Crime Division. We need the public to help us do this though by letting us know your concerns and priorities so that we can dedicate our resources to the right places at the right times.

“I also welcome the increase in the number of crimes recorded relating to drugs during Q3 compared to the same period last year (1,703 up to 1,900) as we strive to do more – along with our partners - to identify and support those who are vulnerable through the use of drugs whilst relentlessly pursuing those who profit from the sale and supply of illegal substances. Tackling drug-related crime and supporting those vulnerable remains a priority for Tayside Division and we are committed to our role in working with others to support people identified as victims.”

An increase in Group 3 crimes (crimes of dishonesty) were also recorded during the Q3 period compared to last year, with a notable increase in the number of criminals taking advantage of insecure properties and vehicles.

Chief Superintendent Todd said:

“Prevention is absolutely key - opportunistic criminals do not care who they target and are looking to get away quickly and with ease. When crimes of this nature happen we will do absolutely everything in our power to identify offenders and provide high-visibility patrols, however I urge the public to make their home and vehicle security a priority to reduce your chances of becoming a victim.”

Group 1 crimes (non-sexual crimes of violence) have also increased (638 from 443) however 166 of these crimes were recorded under the new Domestic Abuse (Scotland) Act 2018 which was not accounted for last year. This innovative new law is making a significant difference, with many victims of domestic abuse who may not have been identified before now gaining access to the support they need and deserve. Nationally there have been 1,313 crimes recorded against the new Act.

Chief Superintendent Todd added:

"It's important to recognise that the data contained with the Q3 management figures is ‘live’ and subject to change over time. Nevertheless they serve as a benchmark for our Police Officers, Staff and Special Constables throughout the year as they continue to work incredibly hard to keep people safe alongside our partners and identify people at risk of harm."

For further information visit - www.scotland.police.uk/about-us/our-performance/
