```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '1'
  month: January
  reference: '4880'
title: Witness appeal following fatal crash in Motherwell
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/witness-appeal-following-fatal-crash-in-motherwell/
```

**Published 2 January 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for witnesses after a 15-year-old boy died following a serious road crash in Wishaw, Motherwell, on Wednesday, 1 January, 2020.

Around 9.30pm, the 15-year-old boy was crossing Alexander Street, at its junction with Marshall Street, when he was struck by a silver/grey Volkswagen car. The driver initially failed to stop after the collision.

Emergency services attended, however, the boy was pronounced dead at the scene.

The roadway remains closed while police carry out their investigations.

A 20-year-old man has been arrested in connection with road traffic offences and released pending further enquiries. A report on the incident will be forwarded to the Procurator Fiscal.

The 15-year-old boy can be named as Steven Mcilquham from Wishaw.

Inspector Scott Sutherland, of Motherwell's Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with Steven's family and friends at this very sad time.

"Our enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of the crash. I would ask that anyone who witnessed the crash or may have any relevant dash-cam footage to contact the police as soon as possible."

Those with information should contact Road Policing Officers in Motherwell through 101, quoting reference number 4880 of 1 January, 2020.
