```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Wishaw
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-wishaw/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a serious assault and attempted robbery which took place in the Coltness area of Wishaw.

The incident happened in the North Kilmeny Crescent area around 10.30pm on Saturday, 9 January.

Two men forced their way into a property and demanded money from a 41-year-old year old man, before seriously assaulting him and leaving the area. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment.

The first man is described as being around 5ft 10, medium build, with brown eyes and a high-pitched voice. He was wearing a black hoody and black trousers, which were grey at the top. The other man is described as 6ft, medium build, wearing a black hoody, with white writing, and black trousers.

Officers are also attempting to trace a black Volkswagen Golf which was seen in the area at the time of the incident.

Detective Constable Murray McMillan, from Lanarkshire CID, said: "We're asking anyone who was in the area or has any information about this assault with intent to rob to please come forward.

"We're also particularly interested to receive any potential CCTV or dashcam footage, which may show either the suspects or the Volkswagen Golf, which is believed to be linked to the crime.

"Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident 3523 of 9 January."
