```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following the theft of replica toy guns, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/appeal-following-the-theft-of-replica-toy-guns-edinburgh/
```

**Published 7 March 2020**

Detectives in Edinburgh are appealing for information after an incident in the early hours of this morning, when three men forced their way into a property in the Easter Drylaw area and stole a number of replica toy guns.

The incident took place around 12.20am today (Saturday 7 March). The three men were all described as being average build and height and were wearing dark clothing, with masks and their hoods up.

No one was harmed as a result and the five toy firearms are not deemed to pose a risk to the public.

Detective Inspector Adam Brown, from Edinburgh City CID, said: “We are appealing for anyone with any information about this incident to come forward and assist with our enquiries.

"While items such as these replica toy guns are commonplace, they could cause alarm if they're seen being carried in public.

“The three men were seen running from the area with the guns in their hands, so if you saw this or anything suspicious, please get in touch. I’d also extend that request to anyone who has possibly been approached by individuals trying to sell replica weapons like this.”

Anyone with information is urged to contact Police on 101, quoting incident 0075 of 7 March. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
