```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following high value robbery, Elderslie, Renfrewshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-following-high-value-robbery-enderslie-renfrewshire/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a high value robbery in Elderslie, Renfrewshire.

The incident happened around 7.30pm on Thursday, 29 October, in the Patrickbank Crescent area of the town when three men gained access to a property. A 76-year-old woman was assaulted and a substantial amount property was stolen, including jewellery.

One of the men is described as of Asian or African appearance, 5ft 8ins, slim build and aged 40 to 50. He was wearing dark clothing, including a black fleece.

Detective Steven Lessels, of Paisley CID, said: “The woman went to answer the door and was threatened and assaulted. Although she declined medical assistance, she has understandably been left very upset by what has happened. The men then ransacked the property and made off.

“I am appealing to anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area, both before and after the incident, to get in touch. That may have been a vehicle or activity that seemed out of the normal.

“In particular, if you have CCTV images or dash-cam footage that shows anything suspicious at the time of the break-in or in the days running up to the incident, then please let us know to help with our investigation.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3186 of Thursday, 30 October, 2020, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
