```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Glasgow communities thanked for Covid-19 support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/glasgow-communities-thanked-for-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Hazel Hendren has thanked Greater Glasgow’s communities for sticking with physical distancing to protect the NHS and save lives.

The commander for Greater Glasgow Division said: “Police officers have a vital role to play in supporting the NHS response and we are working round the clock to engage with our communities, explain the legislation and encourage compliance.

“The overwhelming majority of people are complying and staying at home and we are really grateful to them for sticking with it.

“Most people in Greater Glasgow have accepted police advice and only on several occasions have we had to revert to a warning or enforcement. Enforcement is a last resort but where people continue to flout the regulations and fail to comply repeatedly with police direction, officers will take the necessary enforcement action.

“The Deputy Chief Constable has stressed today that people must not be tempted to ignore the advice, even as the restrictions persist and the warm weather continues. I know that living in Glasgow means we are only ever a short distance away from its many beautiful parks but I would appeal to all of our communities to please be responsible and stick with the government advice. You should only leave the house for very limited purposes, including buying basic necessities, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work where you cannot work at home.

“Officers will be patrolling parks and other open spaces to engage with people and encourage them to stick with the current restrictions. These restrictions are for everyone’s benefit and will directly contribute to the outcomes we all want.

“Police Scotland has a strong history of policing by consent and we are grateful for everyone’s continued cooperation and support at this time.”

Figures released today show that 311 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Greater Glasgow between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
