```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '3599'
title: Appeal for information from drivers as part of investigation of death of Kieran Paul Murray
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/appeal-for-information-from-drivers-as-part-of-investigation-of-death-of-kieran-paul-murray/
```

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information relating to three vehicles in connection with the death of a 23-year-old man who was discovered seriously injured in the road near Bardowie village in October 2020.

Kieran Paul Murray was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital after being found on Balmore Road, approximately 500 metres east of the Allander Toll Roundabout, just before Bardowie village, around 9.40pm on Wednesday, 7 October, 2020. He was transferred to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment and was pronounced dead in hospital on Friday, 9 October, 2020.

As part of their ongoing enquiries to establish the full circumstances of what happened, officers are keen to speak to the drivers and any occupants of two cars and a van seen at the time as they may be able to help with enquiries.

The first is a grey or silver coloured Range Rover or Land Rover Discovery that was travelling from Kirkintilloch, past through the Torrance Roundabout and along Balmore Road around 9.40pm on 7 October 2020.

The second is grey or silver Ford Fiesta seen at the same time in Balmore Road, that went down to the Allander Roundabout, then past Dobbies garden centre on Boclair Road until the traffic lights at Milngavie Road where it turned right towards Milngavie.

The third is a white Peugeot Partner van with business livery on the sides and back. It was seen driving on Boclair Road past Dobbies garden centre, up to the traffic lights at Milngavie Road and then turning right at the lights towards Milngavie.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant, from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team said: “I am asking the drivers, or any occupants, of these three vehicles to get in touch as they may have seen something or have information that will help our ongoing enquiries to find out what happened to Kieran"

"Information can be submitted through the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) which is a website that gives members of the public access to a form so they can send information direct to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT20S27-PO1.

"I would encourage anyone with information to contact us through this website or to call us on 101, quoting incident number 3599 of Wednesday 7 October 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
