```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Fife communities thanked for their continued cooperation
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/fife-communities-thanked-for-their-continued-cooperation/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Derek McEwan has thanked the Kingdom’s communities for their continued cooperation in the fight against the coronavirus.

The divisional commander also acknowledged that the efforts of the public, local officers and other key workers so far, are helping to protect the NHS and save lives.

He said: “I fully acknowledge the pressures and sacrifices that have been caused by the restrictions, as well as the impact on people's day to day activities, but they have been introduced because of the necessity to keep the public safe.

“The Deputy Chief Constable has spoken of the important role community policing continues to play at this time and Police Scotland officers are working hard to engage with the public; encourage people to comply with the physical distancing guidelines and to stay at home.

“Please, only leave the house for essential purposes, such as food and medicine; for daily exercise; for medical needs or travelling for work, if you have been classed as a key worker.

“We are patrolling all of our popular beaches, dog walking locations and open air green spaces and, as our Chief Constable has previously discussed, we are taking a common sense approach.
Enforcement capabilities are only being used a last resort.

“Local policing teams are being supported by Road Policing officers, who continue to monitor our road network in an effort to positively influence driver behaviour and discourage any risk taking activities, such as speeding, that could result in an accident and put additional strain on the emergency services and the NHS.

The response from the overwhelming majority of the Kingdom’s public has been extremely positive and I would urge everyone to continue with the physical distancing guidance and keep yourself, your family and your community safe.

“Figures released today show that 64 fixed penalty notices have been issued in Fife between Friday 27th March and Thursday 23rd April.”
