```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Sexual Assault - Armadale, West Lothian
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/sexual-assault-armadale-west-lothian/
```

**Published 15th June 2020**

Police are appealing for information after a 58-year-old woman was sexually assaulted in Armadale, West Lothian, on Saturday, 13 June, 2020.

Around 7.50 pm on Saturday night, the woman was walking along the cycle path on Old Golf Course Road, Armadale, when she was approached by a man who sexually assaulted her.

The suspect, who ran off through the wooded area heading towards a local supermarket, is described as white, 5 ft 10 to 5 ft 11, slim, short stubble, wearing a black hat, dark top and navy jogging bottoms.

Officers are checking CCTV and carrying lout local enquiries but are appealing for witnesses. Detective Sergeant John Bowerbank, Livingston CID, said:

"Although the lady didn't need to medical assistance this was an extremely upsetting and very frightening ordeal for her. Thankfully she managed to struggle and push the man away and he ran off towards the supermarket near Armadale Train Station.

"A couple of members of the public came to her aid on hearing her call for help and we have spoken to them but we are still keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time who may have information that may assist our investigation.

"The path is popular with cyclists and those out for a walk and I am sure someone would have seen the suspect hanging about the area or running off afterwards."

Information can be passed to officers at Livingston Police Station via 101. Please quote reference number 3417 of 13 June, 2020, when calling. Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
