```yaml
area: Scotland
title: East Lothian drugs operation highlights benefits of speedy referrals for those in need
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/east-lothian-drugs-operation-highlights-benefits-of-speedy-referrals-for-those-in-need/
```

Police Scotland is to expand working with partners and third sector agencies in East Lothian after a successful operation to reduce the impact of drugs on vulnerable people in communities across the county.

Operation Juneau was launched at the beginning of October, to address priorities in the 2020-2021 Policing Plan for East Lothian, particularly reducing the harm caused in communities by substance misuse.

As well as actively targeting those who manufacture, use and supply drugs, a major aim was to help those who are affected by drugs by getting them the help they need quickly and efficiently.

The initial phase of Operation Juneau has identified the positive effect of a speedy referral process for those impacted by drugs and a new East Lothian multi-agency strategic drugs taskforce will now be set up.

When officers executed drug warrants there was also a welfare officer in attendance to identify those at risk to enable them to get help from the NHS and third party organisations. As part of this a bespoke information pack was provided with support contacts for people who were arrested and charged as well as their families.

As part of Operation Juneau, so far some 60 people have been referred to the NHS and third sector substance misuse agencies and over 200 leaflets put through letterboxes in towns across East Lothian in a joint approach with wardens from East Lothian Council.

So far, during the operation 18 drugs warrants have been executed and drugs with a street value of £32,000 seized along with £10,000 in cash. Some 58 people were charged, including 38 relating to the supply and possession of drugs and 11 in connection with drug driving.

Chief Inspector Neil Mitchell, Local Area Commander, said: “These figures represent a sustained and focussed campaign working with our partners, including NHS Lothian and East Lothian Council, as well as substance misuse agencies to help those who are vulnerable and reduce violence and anti-social behaviour related to drugs.

“This approach will now be used going forward as a template for working together, particularly the real-time referral process which provided immediate help to some of the most vulnerable people in East Lothian.

“Our statutory and third sector partners felt the referral strategy, along with enforcement, was of great benefit to our communities. Now, going forward, what we have learned from the initial phase of Operation Juneau will form the foundation for a new East Lothian strategic drugs taskforce in 2021.

“Our work to reduce the impact of drugs on communities in East Lothian will continue as part of Operation Juneau with further intelligence led enforcement working being undertaken along with supportive and referral work.

“To do that we continue to need the help of the public and I would like to thank everyone who responded in recent weeks by coming forward to provide information. I would urge anyone with information on drugs or activity relating to drugs to contact Police Scotland on 101, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Alison MacDonald, Chief Officer, East Lothian Health and Social Care Partnership, said: “East Lothian Health and Social Care Partnership is pleased with the positive results of this Police Scotland initiative.

“We have seen a number of individuals offered assistance and our main focus remains caring for and supporting people who are affected by drug and alcohol misuse. The role of our services is to help people to begin and sustain their recovery and we continue to be committed to tackling the stigma associated with drug and alcohol misuse.”

Further advice on drugs misuse can be found on the Police Scotland website:
https://www.scotland.police.uk/keep-safe/personal-safety/substance-misuse/

If you are affected by drug misuse, or are caring for someone who is you can call the East Lothian Substance Misuse Service on 0131 446 4853 or Mid and East Lothian Drugs [MELD] on 07843 339958 or got to the website: www.meldap-recovery.co.uk
