```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following two break-ins in Moray area
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-following-two-break-ins-in-moray-area/
```

Detectives in Moray are appealing for information following two break-ins which took place overnight in Elgin and Forres respectively.

The first incident took place at a premises on Edgar Road, Elgin, at around 11.50pm on Wednesday, 2 September.

Officers also received a call at around 8.20am on Thursday, 3 September, reporting a break-in to a garden centre in the Greshop Road area of Forres, which appears to have taken place sometime during the night.

Enquiries have indicated that at least two men are believed to be involved, described as being in their early 20s. One was wearing beige or grey trousers, a light-coloured zip-up hooded top, black gloves, white trainers and a light-coloured baseball cap. The second man was wearing a light-coloured hooded top, dark trousers, light-coloured trainers and a light-coloured baseball cap.

Detective Sergeant John Lumsden, from Aberdeen CID, said: “At this time, it is unclear if these two incidents are linked, however given the timing and locations we are keeping an open mind.

“We are asking for anyone with any potential information to please come forward. We are especially interested in hearing from anyone who may have potential CCTV or have been driving past these areas and have dashcam footage.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident 3783 of 2 September. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
