```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '21'
  month: January
  reference: '1488'
title: Appeal following serious road crash on A92, Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-serious-road-crash-on-a92-aberdeen/
```

**Published 22 January 2020**

Road Policing officers in Aberdeen are appealing for witnesses following a serious road crash on the A92 North Anderson Drive in Aberdeen.

The incident happened around 1pm on Tuesday, 21 January, 2020, at the junction with Ashgrove Road West and involved a silver Citroen Relay van and a blue Peugeot 208 car.

Emergency services attended and a 91-year-old woman was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with life-threatening injuries. She remains in a critical condition. A 60-year-old woman and a 46-year-old man were taken to hospital as a precaution.

The road was closed in both directions for four hours and the southbound lane a further four hours whilst officers carried out their collision investigation.

Road Policing Sergeant Craig McNeill said: "Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of the crash. I am appealing to any witnesses who may have seen the accident but have not yet spoken to police to come forward urgently. I'd also like to hear from anyone who has dash-cam footage of the crash or footage from shortly before the crash.

"I am also particularly keen to speak to the driver of a white car that was behind the blue Peugeot 208 at the junction as I believe they may be able to assist our investigation.

"Finally, I'd like to thank the public for their patience whilst we closed the road to respond to the crash and carry out our enquiries."

Anyone with information on the incident should contact police on 101, quoting reference number 1488 of 21 January.
