```yaml
area: Scotland
title: UPDATE - Online sexual assault allegations, St Andrews
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/update-online-sexual-assault-allegations-st-andrews/
```

Officers in Fife are continuing to work with the University of St Andrews following online reports relating to allegations of serious sexual assaults which surfaced in July 2020.

Police Scotland works closely in partnership with a number of groups nationwide, both within and outside universities, including support organisations, to make sure students and others are aware of how to report anything of this nature.

Detective Inspector Kelly McEwan, of the Fife Division Public Protection Unit, said: “Since we first became aware of these online reports on Thursday, 9 July 2020, relating to the student population in St Andrew, no reports of this kind of crime have been received by Police Scotland.

“We have reached out to engage with these online groups to urge anyone who believes they may have been a victim of a sexual crime to report it either direct to us, through the charity Crimestoppers or via Rape Crisis Scotland.

“I would encourage students who are now returning to their studies at St Andrews University, or any university in Scotland, who wish to report any kind of sexual offence to call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

“Tackling this kind of crime is a priority and reports of sexual offences are treated with sensitivity and professionalism with victims being supported by specialist officers. We will listen to all reports made to us and they will all be thoroughly investigated.”

Community Inspector Yvonne Stenhouse said: "Our partnership working with the University of St Andrews aims to reach out to students, many of whom will have left home for the first time and give them advice to stay safe while studying and living in the town. Part of this is raising awareness that any type of sexual crime is not acceptable and the ways in which anyone who has experienced this can report.

"I would like to say to students, or anyone who has experienced sexual crime, you will be listened to and you will be taken seriously. If you feel you cannot speak to Police Scotland direct, then you can call Crimestoppers on 0800-555-111 or Rape Crisis Scotland on 08088-01-03-02."
