```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '3599'
title: Re-appeal after man dies after being struck by vehicle, on Balmore Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/re-appeal-after-man-dies-after-being-struck-by-vehicle-on-balmore-road-glasgow/
```

Police in Glasgow continue to appeal for information following the death of Kieran Paul Murray.

Officers were called around 9.40pm on Wednesday, 7 October, 2020 after the 23-year-old was discovered seriously injured on Balmore Road, approximately 500 metres east of the Allander Toll Roundabout, just before Bardowie village.

Emergency services attended and he was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, before being transferred to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment to a serious head injury. He was pronounced dead in hospital on Friday, 9 October, 2020.

Officers are keen to speak to a female witness who was at the scene at the time of the incident.

The woman is described as white, in her late 50s with long brown hair and was wearing a black jacket and scarf.

It is believed that the woman is a retired nurse.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant, from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team said:

“We continue to conduct enquiries into Kieran’s death and believe the woman described may have vital information that could assist with our investigation.

"I would ask if you are the woman described or if you know her that you get in contact with officers.

“Kieran’s family are devastated by what has happened and we are hoping to bring closure to their unanswered questions.

“A post mortem examination has determined that Kieran appears to have been struck by a vehicle, therefore I would ask anyone who has possible daschcam footage of the area around this time that they get in touch with police.

"Information can be submitted through the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) which is a website that gives members of the public access to a form so they can send information direct to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT20S27-PO1.

"I would encourage anyone with information to contact us through this website or to call us on 101, quoting incident number 3599 of Wednesday 7 October 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
