```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following robbery in Mossblown
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-following-robbery-in-mossblown/
```

**Published 31 May 2020**

Detectives in Ayrshire are appealing for information following a robbery at a premises in Mossblown.The incident happened at around 11.10pm on Saturday, 30 May, when two men entered a takeaway premises in the Station Road area and demanded cash from the till.

After threatening staff and collecting a three figure sum, they were challenged and ran from the scene.

The men are described as follows:
Man 1 – White, around 50-years-old, 6ft and medium build, he had a long face, with wrinkles and short grey hair. He was wearing a black beanie hat, black puffer hooded jacket with an emblem on the sleeve, and black trousers.
Man 2 – White, younger than Man 1, 6ft and medium build. He was wearing a dark or navy tracksuit and his face was covered with dark material.

Detective Inspector Nathan Calderwood, from Ayrshire CID, said: “Although nobody was injured as a result of this incident, it has left the victims shaken."

“Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the men responsible for this incident and we are appealing for anyone who may have been in the area or have any information which could assist our investigation to please come forward as soon as you can.”

Anyone with information is urged to contact Police on 101, quoting incident 5352 of 30 May. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
