```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '31'
  month: August
  reference: '2478'
title: Man dies following road crash on A82 Balloch to Arden Road
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/man-dies-following-road-crash-on-a82-balloch-to-arden-road/
```

Police Scotland can confirm that a 21-year old man has died following a road crash on the A82 on Monday, 31 August, 2020.

The incident happened around 5.10pm on the A82 Balloch to Arden Road and involved a black Suzuki motorcycle and a silver Volkswagen Golf Estate.

Emergency services attended and the 21-year-old male passenger of the motorcycle was taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where he has subsequently died as a result of his injuries.

The 23-year-old driver of the motorcycle was taken to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley where he was later discharged. The 46-year-old driver of the Volkswagen Golf Estate was not injured.
Inspector Archie McGuire, Argyll and West Dunbartonshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the man's family and friends at this difficult time.

"We continue to investigate the circumstances of the crash and I would ask anyone who has information and has not yet spoken to Police to come forward. I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area at the time and has a dash-cam to check back and see if there is any footage that could assist our investigation.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact the Divisional Road Policing Unit based at Dumbarton through 101, quoting incident number 2478 of 31 August.”
