```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man sentenced for sexual crimes against a 14-year-old girl in Forth Valley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/man-sentenced-for-sexual-crimes-against-a-14-year-old-girl-in-forth-valley/
```

A 32-year-old man, Matthew Kelsey has been sentenced to three years and five months at Falkirk Sheriff Court yesterday (Tuesday 29 September) for sexual crimes against a 14-year-old girl.
​

During 2019, Kelsey had friended the girl on online and claimed to be 19-years-old. He actively groomed her, which resulted in him travelling from Hull to Scotland on several occasions for arranged meeting during which he engaged in sexual activity with her.

Speaking following the sentencing, Detective Sergeant Craig Faulds from Forth Valley Public Protection Unit said:
​

“The horrific crimes which Kelsey committed on this young and vulnerable girl will live with her forever. I would like to commend her courage and composure throughout this investigation which has resulted in a dangerous individual being apprehended.
​

“Officers from Police Scotland worked tirelessly alongside colleagues from Humberside Police to identify and bring Kelsey to justice and I would like to praise their efforts which have resulted in him pleading guilty and avoiding the need for the victim to give evidence at court.
​

“Matthew Kelsey is a danger to young people and we welcome the sentence and his placement on the Sex Offenders Register means that he will be the subject of monitoring and supervision in efforts to restrict his ability to harm anyone else.
​

“Police Scotland is committed to the protection of children and to bringing all perpetrators of sexual abuse to justice regardless of the geographical boundaries of offenders. We would urge anyone who wishes to report any child protection concerns or sexual crime to contact us on 101 so we can conduct a thorough investigation.”
