```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Two men charged in drugs recovery, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/two-men-charged-in-drugs-recovery-glasgow/
```

**Published 1 February 2020**

Police Scotland has arrested and charged two men after a significant quantity of drugs were recovered from two addresses and a vehicle in Glasgow.

An intelligence-led operation was carried out at two addresses on Dinart Street on Friday, 31 January, 2020 by officers from Glasgow’s Specialist Crime Division.

As a result, quantities of herbal cannabis, ecstasy, amphetamine and cocaine were found which have an estimated street value of £270,000.

Enquires also found a large scale cannabis cultivation in an industrial unit on Swanson Street, Glasgow. Three South East Asian men believed to be Vietnamese, and potential victims of human trafficking, were found within.

The recovery of drugs and the cannabis cultivation are thought to be linked and enquires into the circumstances are ongoing.

A 41-year-old man and a 34-year-old man have been arrested and charged and are expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Monday, 3 February, 2020.

Detective Inspector Steven Elliot of Glasgow’s Specialist Crime Division said: “As a result of an intelligence led investigation a significant amount of drugs have been seized and removed from circulation and will not make it to our streets.

“This will have a significant impact on those involved in the supply of controlled drugs and those who gain financially from this type of criminality.

“Criminal behaviour like this spreads harm and misery and we are committed to detecting and disrupting those intent on bringing drugs to Glasgow and enforcing that this type of behaviour will not be tolerated.”

“I would also like to ensure the public that the three men, believed to be potential victims of human trafficking, are being provided with support and advice while enquires are carried out.

“Members of the public have a vital role to play in reporting information to us. I would urge anyone who has information relating to those involved in the sale and supply of drugs or the exploitation of vulnerable individuals who are victims of human trafficking to report this matter to police.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, or anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
