```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '6'
  month: October
  reference: '3321'
title: Housebreaking and theft - Blantyre Road, Bothwell
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/housebreaking-and-theft-blantyre-road-bothwell/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a house in Bothwell was broken into on Tuesday, 6 October, 2020.

Around 7.20pm on Tuesday, 6 October, three masked men broke into the house on Blantyre Road, Bothwell and stole a quantity of jewellery worth a six-figure sum.

A white Audi was seen parked outside house and made off at speed around 7.50pm. Around five minutes later, a black Audi drove off.

The three men responsible were all wearing black clothing and had their faces covered.

Sergeant John Watson of Cambuslang Police Station said: “Extensive police inquiries are continuing to trace the people responsible for this theft. We have been carrying out house to house enquiries and have gathered a large amount of CCTV footage from in and around the area. Officers are now studying the footage to gain more details to assist with this investigation.

“At this time I am appealing to anyone who was in the Bothwell area on Tuesday evening who witnessed anything suspicious in and around Blantyre Road, or who saw either of these Audi cars being driven at speed. In particular we are keen for anyone with dash cam footage to please contact us.”

Anyone with information should contact Cambuslang Police Station through 101 quoting reference number 3321 of 6 October. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.
