```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Re-appeal following armed robbery - Mossblown, South Ayrshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/re-appeal-following-armed-robbery-mossblown-south-ayrshire/
```

**Published 5th June 2020**

One week on, police in South Ayrshire are appealing for information following an armed robbery in Mossblown.

The incident happened at a business premises around 11.30pm on Saturday, 30 May, 2020, when two men entered a takeaway shop on Station Road.

Both men demanded cash from the till after threatening staff and left with a three figure sum.

The first suspect is described as a white man with a medium build around 50 years old, 6ft tall with short grey hair and had a long face.

At the time of the incident he was wearing a black puffer hooded jacket with an emblem on the sleeve, black trousers and a black beanie hat.

The second man is described as white, younger than the other man and of a medium build. He was wearing a dark or navy tracksuit and his face was covered with dark material.

Chief Inspector Brian Anderson, Area Commander for South Ayrshire, said: “It has now been one week since this armed robbery took place and we are keen to speak to those who may be able to assist with our investigation.

“I would like to thank those who have already come forward but we still require further assistance from the public to help trace those responsible for this reckless act.

“We will have increased police patrols in the area this weekend and I would urge anyone who is able to provide any details surrounding the incident to speak to officers.

“If you were in the Station Road area of Mossblown at the time that this took place and have any knowledge of what happened, I would ask that you get in touch with police.

“Anyone with information can contact police on 101, quoting incident 5352 of 30 May. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous”

Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ0lRZzw0_M&feature=youtu.be
