```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following assault and robbery in Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-assault-and-robbery-in-aberdeen/
```

**Published 5 July 2020**

Police in Aberdeen are appealing for information following an assault and robbery in the Torry area.

The incident happened around 5.30pm on Wednesday, 1 July, 2020, when two men were assaulted while walking in a lane known locally as Victoria Lane, near to Victoria Road. A black and orange Carrera mountain bike was also stolen from the men.

Detective Constable Scott Leslie, of Aberdeen CID, said: “As part of our enquiries we are looking to speak to three men who were seen in the area at the time.

“The first man was described as white, about 5ft 6ins tall and of thin build. He was wearing a grey hooded zip up top, light green tracksuit bottoms and white trainers.

“The second man is described as white, of heavier build, in his mid-30s and has short brown hair. He was wearing a black Nike tracksuit top and jogging bottoms with black trainers and was cycling a black or grey mountain bike.

“The third man is described as white, in his 30s with dark hair in a side parting to the right. He was wearing a grey waterproof style jacket, with black jogging bottoms and trainers and was in possession of a dark coloured back pack and was cycling a dark coloured mountain bike.

“Anyone who may have witnessed the assault or has any relevant information should contact police on 101, quoting incident 2598 of 1 July. Alternatively, anyone wishing to report their information anonymously can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
