```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Rise in weapons offences detected in Forth Valley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/rise-in-weapons-offences-detected-in-forth-valley/
```

Proactive work by Forth Valley officers has resulted in a rise in the number of weapons offences being detected.

Police Scotland has issued its Q2 Management Information figures for the period of April 1 to September 30, 2020, which show that 267 crimes involving an offensive or bladed weapons were detected, compared to 249 in the same period the previous year. Meanwhile, detections for criminal activity involving a weapon have remained consistent, with 20 further incidents solved for the handling of a bladed article.

Like the rest of Scotland, fraud has again risen significantly with 464 crimes recorded, compared with 226 last year. However, 14 more cases were also detected this year as officers remain committed to tackling this kind of crime.

Proactive work within public protection also continues and there were19 crimes of taking or distributing indecent images of children during the six-month period. There is a currently a 100% detection rate for these offences, which is a rise of more than 35 percentage points.

Another online offence that has increased is the threatening of or recorded disclosure of intimate images but work by officers in local and specialist resources meant that the number of cases detected also rose - from six to 16 year-on-year.

While road collisions have reduced, one more fatal collision was recorded year-on-year and drink and drug driving increased, with 216 offences recorded, up from 183 the previous year.

Two areas of concern are the rise in attacks on emergency service workers and reckless conduct offences.

In total, 249 reports of emergency service staff being assaulted were made. This is up on the 214 made in the previous year.

Chief Superintendent Alan Gibson, Divisional Commander for Forth Valley said: “This data illustrates that crime levels are beginning to return to normal levels in a number of areas and that our proactive commitment to removing dangerous drugs and weapons from our communities continues to work.

“I am also encouraged by the positive indications that our road safety plan is working well across the division.

“However, the online realm continues to provide challenges that we must address to keep people safe. This is all the more important when it comes to protecting children and vulnerable people.

“Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor has said today that our cyber strategy gives clear direction on how we will tackle the threat, risk and harm from digitally-enabled crimes. We will ensure this strategy forms the core principles of how we look to keep Forth Valley communities safe online.

“I also want to make it clear that attacks on emergency service workers, including police officers trying to do their job, will absolutely not be tolerated. The Chief Constable has underlined his commitment to this issue with a pledge to support their safety and welfare.”
