```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following attempted robbery, Grangemouth
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-grangemouth/
```

**Published 8 February 2020**

Forth Valley Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery near Bute Place in Grangemouth.

The incident happened around 1pm on Friday, 7 February, close to the pedestrian bridge accessed from Montgomery Street.

A group of four men, all in their late teens or early twenties, approached another man and demanded money. They ran off in different directions when he refused to hand over anything.

Police are appealing to anyone who may have been in the area both before and after the incident and may have seen something suspicious.

The first man is described as around 6ft with an athletic build. He was wearing a light grey hoodie that appeared to be a shiny material and plain skin tight grey tracksuit bottoms.

The second man is described as 5ft 10ins and of a slim build. He was wearing a grey hoodie and tracksuit bottoms, and white shoes. The hood was up and he had a black ski mask covering his face.

The third man was also 5ft 10ins and of a slim build. He was wearing white trainers, a black hoodie and skin tight black tracksuit bottoms, both with two white stripes.

The fourth man is described as 5ft 10ins, also of a slim build. He was wearing a black hoodie, with the hood up, plain black tracksuit bottoms and white trainers.

Detective Sergeant Gillian Rennie, of Falkirk CID, said: “There may have been a number of people out an about at the time of this attempted robbery and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen something or who may know the men involved.

“In particular we are looking to find out what this group of men were doing before the incident and where they might have gone afterwards.

“Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 1649 of Friday, 7 February, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
