```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after attempted murder in Whiteinch area of Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/appeal-after-attempted-murder-in-whiteinch-area-of-glasgow/
```

**Published 21 May 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance in the Whiteinch area of the city.

The incident happened on a cycle path near Curle Street, near the Jordan Street bridge, around 1.50pm on Wednesday, 20 May.

A 28-year-old man sustained serious injuries and was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, where his condition is described as stable.

Officers are keen to identify a man seen in the area who is described as being white, around 27-30-years-old, 5ft 10in tall, of slim build with short dark hair.

He was wearing a white long sleeved top at the time.

Detective Inspector Craig Warren of Greater Glasgow CID said: "Enquiries are at an early stage and we are keeping an open mind about the motive and whether this attack, which we are treating as an attempted murder, was targeted at the victim.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed this incident. We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who was using the cycle path around the time of the attack.

"We believe that there were two cyclists in the vicinity at the time, possibly a father and son, who have seen the incident or those involved.

"Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 1865 of 20 May, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
