```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after 15-year-old robbed in Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-after-15-year-old-robbed-in-paisley/
```

**Published 18 January 2020**

Detectives in Paisley are appealing for information after a teenager was robbed in the Ferguslie Park area last night.

The incident happened around 5.30pm on Friday, 17 January, in Oakridge Crescent.

A 15-year-old boy was approached by a man with a knife who demanded money from him.

The suspect made off towards the Blackstoun Road area with a small quantity of cash.

The boy was not injured but was left shaken by the incident.

The man is described as being around 5ft 5ins, of slim build and gaunt. He was wearing a black beanie hat, a black jacket and black jogging bottoms.

Officers are carrying out door-to-door enquiries and checking CCTV from the area for any additional information which may assist the investigation.

Detective Constable Kate Wason, of Paisley CID, said:

“This was a distressing incident for the young boy and it is vital that we find the person responsible.

“Given the time of evening this incident occurred, it is likely that there will have been people in the vicinity and I urge anyone who may have seen anything suspicious to please come forward.

“It may be that the suspect was in the area before committing the crime and he drew your attention, or if you saw someone running away from the area, any piece of information could prove vital.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3575 of Friday, 17 January.

Alternatively information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers by contacting 0800555111.
