```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Two men convicted following drug offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/two-men-convicted-following-drug-offences/
```

**Published 15 April 2020**

At the High Court in Glasgow today, Wednesday, 15 April, Gary Jamieson (34) and John Mack (33) pled guilty to drugs and serious and organised crime offences following an operation that resulted in the seizure of almost eight hundred and fifty thousand Etizolam tablets.

The intelligence-led policing operation began in January 2019, and focused on Jamieson and Mack heading up the manufacture and distribution of controlled drugs, mainly Etizolam, throughout Scotland. During the operation, detectives carried out searches of addresses in Pollok, Nitshill, Barrhead and Paisley where they recovered 836,000 Etizolam tablets with an estimated street value of £420,000.

Mack and Jamieson were arrested in September and December 2019 respectively.

Detective Inspector Craig McPhail, of Glasgow Serious & Organised Crime Pro-Active, said: “We would like to send a clear message to anyone who is involved in the supply of drugs onto the streets of Scotland that you cannot expect to profit from other people’s misery and get away with it. No one is untouchable.

“Tackling serious and organised crime remains one of our key priorities. Drug supply causes so much misery in our communities, so we will continue to target organised crime groups at all levels and protect those communities affected and make our streets hostile places for such criminality.”

“We rely on information from the public. They have a vital role to play in helping us remove drugs and drug dealers from our streets. Much of our positive action depends on local people passing on information, so keep doing this and we will continue to disrupt these criminals. You can pass on information by phoning 101, or anonymously via Crimestoppers, where anonymity can be maintained.”

Sentencing has been deferred until 13 May, 2020.
