```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '17'
  month: November
  reference: 0801
title: Bogus caller incident in Oxhill Road, Dumbarton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/bogus-caller-incident-in-oxhill-road-dumbarton/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a 62 year-old man was targeted by bogus callers in Dumbarton.

Between April and November, the 62 year-old man from Oxhill Road, Dumbarton, has been approached by workmen who have offered to fit new windows in the property, carry out gardening work and general repairs. The householder has paid them a five-figure sum of cash, however no work has yet been carried out. This matter was reported to police on Tuesday, 17 November, 2020.

The three men who have promised to carry out the work have visited the house a number of times to collect money from the householder. They all speak with Irish accents and have a white van.

Detective Constable Imran Abuzar said: “Officers have been carrying out enquiries in the local area to gather more information on these men. We believe that these rogue traders may have tried to get business from more residents in the area, and I would ask anyone who experienced them knocking on their doors, or who have noticed anyone acting suspicious in the area, to come forward with any information.”

If you have any information that will help our investigation, please contact officers through 101 quoting reference number 0801 of 17 November. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”

Police Scotland would remind anyone, and particularly vulnerable and elderly members of the community to be on your guard if someone turns up at your house unexpectedly and offers to carry out work or repairs. Do not feel pressurised into agreeing to immediate work or buying a product or service. Do not agree to pay for goods or give money to strangers who arrive at your door. For more advice on preventing doorstep crime visit our website at https://www.scotland.police.uk/keep-safe/personal-safety/doorstep-crime-and-bogus-callers/
