```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: July
  reference: '3336'
  year: '2020'
title: High value housebreaking - South Nitshill, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/high-value-housebreaking-south-nitshill-glasgow/
```

**Published 24 July 2020**

Police are appealing for information after jewellery worth thousands of pounds was stolen from a house in South Nitshill, Glasgow.

Between 7 pm and 8.25 pm on Thursday evening, a house in Whitacres Road, South Nitshill, Glasgow, was broken in to and a quantity of Asian gold jewellery, as well as cash and clothing, was stolen. It is estimated that the jewellery, a mixture of pieces, is worth approximately a six figure sum.

There was no one in the house at the time of the break-in.

Detective Constable John Grant, Community Investigation Unit, Govan, Glasgow, said:

"From CCTV, we can see a black BMW x5 drive round and round the street prior to the break-in. We would like to speak to the driver as they may have information that will help our enquiry.

"We believe that this house was specifically targeted as the thieves seemed to know there would be a significant amount of gold jewellery within.

"The break-in has been very upsetting for the family and whilst the jewellery is valuable in monetary terms, it is also of great sentimental value.

"If you have any information that will assist officers with their investigation, maybe you have dash-cam footage from the street between 7 pm and 8.25 pm, then please call Govan Police Office via 101 quoting reference number 3336 of 23 July 2020. Alternatively, Crime stoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111."
