```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Class A drugs seized in County Lines operation in North East Division
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/class-a-drugs-seized-in-county-lines-operation-in-north-east-division/
```

Police Scotland targeted those involved in drugs crime during a County Lines operation yesterday, Wednesday, 6 January, 2021, in Aberdeen and London.

Local officers, assisted by specialist national resources and supported by colleagues from the Metropolitan Police Service, executed three warrants at addresses in Aberdeen and two at properties in London.

County Lines refers to drug dealers from large cities who expand their operations into smaller towns.

Two men aged 31 and 33 were arrested in London and a 38-year-old man and 37-year-old woman in Aberdeen.

Class A drugs including heroin and crack cocaine were seized, with a combined estimated street value of £21,900.

Detective Inspector Martyn Thomson from North East Division CID said: “This enforcement action was the culmination of intelligence work and proactive activity that began in May 2020 as we continue to target and disrupt drug crime in our area.

“Criminal networks are known to use violence and intimidation tactics to carry out their drugs trade, preying on vulnerable people to assist them in their illegal activity. Working with law enforcement partners across the UK, we aim to disrupt this and remove harmful substances from our communities.

“I would ask anyone with concerns or information relating to the sale and supply of controlled drugs, along with the associated criminality, to report this to Police Scotland, or to Crimestoppers anonymously, so we can investigate.”

All four people arrested were charged in connection with drugs offences and are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court today (Thursday, 7 January, 2021).
