```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Public thanked for sticking with the requirement to stay at home
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/public-thanked-for-sticking-with-the-requirement-to-stay-at-home/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Faroque Hussain has thanked people in Ayrshire for sticking with the requirement to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

The divisional commander has also urged everyone to continue complying with the physical distancing guidance.

He said: “People are making significant sacrifices to their day-to-day lives and I am grateful to everyone who is playing their part in the collective effort to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Although the warm weather would normally see people out enjoying our green spaces and coastal areas, we must stick with the physical distancing guidance at this time.

“Police Scotland officers are out on the street round the clock, engaging with our fellow citizens, explaining the legislation and encouraging compliance. Only as a last resort are we using the enforcement powers available to us, largely on occasions where people have been holding house parties or attending public gatherings against the very clear instructions.

“Please, only leave the house for very limited purposes, for example for basic necessities, such as food and medicine, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work which cannot be done at home.

“Avoid driving as much as possible. Use spaces close to home for exercise and do not drive for leisure. Do not travel to take exercise and do not hold house parties with people from outwith your household.

“The Chief Constable has been clear that policing in Scotland is based on consent of the public and I thank everyone in the division for the continued co-operation and support at this extraordinary time.”

Figures released today show that 152 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Ayrshire between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
