```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Falkirk man convicted of indecent communications offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/falkirk-man-convicted-of-indecent-communications-offences/
```

A 34 year-old man from Falkirk appeared at Falkirk Sheriff Court today, Thursday, 10 December, 2020, where he was sentenced to two years imprisonment and added to the Sex Offenders Register. He was convicted of offences relating to indecent communications.

Detective Chief Inspector Richard Banks of the National Child Abuse Investigation Unit, Police Scotland, said: “We acknowledge the sentencing of Martin Thomson, who has been convicted of offences relating to indecent communications.

"Thomson's online behaviour was reprehensible with no regard to the young victims subjected to these offences. He believed that the internet would provide anonymity and allow him to undertake his offending undetected. This was not the case, and as a result of our enquiries he will now face the consequences of his actions.

"The restrictions imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic continues, prompting a growth in internet use, creating an increased risk of offending online. Sadly, the stay at home guidance may expose children to a greater risk of abuse, whether in a private or virtual space. Any form of child sexual abuse is a serious criminal offence and is a priority for Police Scotland.

"We encourage anyone with concerns about a child at risk of abuse, or a potential victim, to contact police immediately.”
