```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Ayrshire Communities Thanked for Continued COVID-19 Support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/ayrshire-communities-thanked-for-continued-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in Ayrshire are asking people to stick with the government guidance as the restrictions to combat coronavirus continue.

Chief Superintendent Faroque Hussain, divisional commander, also welcomed communities’ support for the police, who are playing a vital role in encouraging compliance.

Chief Supt Hussain said: “I know how difficult it can be to continue with the restrictions but it is important to reiterate that government guidance has not changed.

“As the Chief Constable said today, it is essential that we stick with it in order to protect the NHS and save lives. It has so far served us all well.

“As an Ayrshire resident, I am acutely aware of how lucky we are to have easy access to some of the country’s beautiful beaches and stunning coastlines, but now is not the time to visit them. Please avoid driving as much as possible, stay home, stay safe and follow the guidance.

“Police Scotland officers are patrolling our streets, town centres, parks and coastal lines and if they see you out and about, they may stop to ask you why. They will explain the restrictions and encourage you to adhere to them. Where people defy the very clear advice, we will enforce the law.

“We know that the current measures are impacting on the way we go about our daily routines and there are early indications in a survey commissioned by the Scottish Police Authority that public confidence in policing in Scotland remains strong.

“We continue to work with our partners across Ayrshire and engage with elected representatives to ensure we are capturing any concerns and feedback from our communities. If anyone has any concerns that someone may be at risk of harm, please contact us.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
