```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '2'
  month: October
  reference: '0355'
  year: '2020'
title: Woman named as appeal continues after M8 death
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/woman-named-as-appeal-continues-for-m8-fatal/
```

A woman killed following a crash on the M8 can now be named as Lynda Mudd from Chapelhall, Airdrie.

Officers received a report of a one car crash involving a red Vauxhall Corsa around 4.05am on Friday, 2 October, close to junction 5 on the M8 eastbound.

Nobody was in the car when road policing officers arrived to move the vehicle which was damaged and in a dangerous position on the motorway. Reports were then received of a woman seen on the westbound carriageway near the Shotts off-slip at junction 5.

The woman died at the scene and she was identified as the driver and sole occupant of the Vauxhall Corsa, 51-year-old Lynda Mudd.

The M8 was closed in both directions between junction 4 and junction 5 from 6am until 9.40pm on Friday to allow investigation work to be carried out.

Chief Inspector Darren Faulds, of Road Policing, said: "This is a distressing incident and our enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances.

"Lynda was hit by a vehicle around the time she was seen on the westbound carriageway just after 4.05am near the Shotts off-slip.

"Various drivers have contacted us already who were travelling on the road at that time and I would encourage anyone else who hasn't to please get in touch. We're trying to build a picture of what happened.

"This is a complex investigation and we would like to thank the public for their patience on Friday while the road remained closed for over 15 hours.

"Anyone who has any information about this incident, was travelling on the M8 near Shotts around 4.05am on Friday or has dashcam footage from that area, please contact us."

Those with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 0355 of 2 October 2020.
