```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man sentenced for fraud, robbery and assault in Falkirk
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/man-sentenced-for-fraud-robbery-and-assault-in-falkirk/
```

**Published 1 May 2020**

A 33-year-old man has been jailed following incidents of attempted fraud, fraud, assault and robbery in the Falkirk area earlier this year.

At Falkirk Sherriff Court on Thursday, 30 April, Alexander McPhee pleaded guilty and was sentenced to four years imprisonment for the incidents which happened between 11.30am and 4.20pm on Wednesday, 8 January, 2020.

The first incident happened in the Hawley Road area of Falkirk when he entered a 79-year-old woman’s home and told her she owed him money for work he had not done. The second involved a 91-year-old woman on Cromwell Road who he also said owed him money for work he had not done before assaulting her 62-year-old son and stealing his car. The third incident occurred in Laurieston where he entered an 87-year-old man’s home before threatening him and robbing him of money and his bank card, which he later used to withdraw more money.

Chief Inspector Chris Stewart, Local Area Commander for Falkirk, said: “We welcome the sentencing of Alexander McPhee. This is a positive result for local policing, these incidents were despicable acts carried out on some of the most vulnerable people in our community and were terrifying for those involved.

“We are thankful to the witnesses of these horrendous crimes for providing us with information.

“McPhee’s sentence sends a clear message to those acting in such a manner that this type of behaviour will not be tolerated in our area.”
