```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious assault - Wellgate, Lanark.
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/serious-assault-wellgate-lanark/
```

Detectives in Lanark are appealing for the help of the public following an assault on a man in his home in the town on Saturday night. Around 10.20pm on Saturday, 10 October, 2020, a 47-year-old man was at home in his flat in Wellgate in Lanark when two men called, entered the flat and assaulted him. As a result of this assault the victim received serious facial injuries.

Detective Constable Chris Smith at Lanark Police Office said: "The two men we want to trace in connection with this serious assault are described as follows. The first man is in his late 40s, about 6' tall, heavy build with dirty blonde hair and was wearing a dark coloured hooded top with the hood up, dark coloured jogging bottoms and black gloves. The second man is again in his late 40s, about 5'8" tall, short brown hair, and was wearing a grey coloured hooded top with the hood up, black joggers, black coloured framed glasses and black gloves.

"This was a frightening attack on a man in what should have been the safety of his own home and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Wellgate in Lanark around this time on Saturday night to get in touch if they saw anything which might help us trace these two men. This is a busy part of the town and we are hopeful that someone may have seen these two men either before or after the attack. Anyone wishing to call us should do so on the 101 number, quoting the reference number 4242 of 10 October. Anyone who wishes to pass on any information while remaining anonymous can do so through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
