```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after 80-year-old man robbed on Atlas Road in Springburn, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-after-80-year-old-man-robbed-on-atlas-road-in-springburn-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after an 80-year-old man was robbed in the Springburn area of Glasgow on Friday, 11 September, 2020.

At around 11am, the man was walking from a newsagents on Atlas Road, when he was followed from behind by a man to his home address.

The man then made demands for the victim’s wallet and thereafter forcibly removed it from his jacket pocket. He then left in the direction of Atlas Road with the wallet containing a three figure sum of money.

Officers are keen to trace the man who has been described as being between 32-38 years of age, of medium build, 6ft tall and who was wearing a black leather imitation jacket and blue jeans.

The victim was not injured during this incident but was left badly shaken.

Police Constable Sean Kennedy of the Community Investigation Unit at Helen Street Police said: “Thankfully the 80-year-old man was not injured as a result of the incident. Our investigations are ongoing and we have gathered CCTV to establish more information in an effort to identify the man responsible.

“I am appealing to anyone who witnessed the robbery take place, or who has any information that will assist us to contact the Community Investigation Unit at Helen Street Police Office, Glasgow through calling Police Scotland on 101 quoting reference number 1060 of the 11 of September. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained”.
