```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Girl who died after getting into difficultly in water named
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/girl-who-died-after-getting-into-difficultly-in-water-named/
```

**Published 8 July 2020**

Police in Tayside can confirm that the seven-year-old girl who sadly died after getting into difficulty in the water at Dunkeld was Freya Skene.

Emergency services were called around 6.50pm on Monday, 6 July, to the River Braan near Ossian's Cave.

Freya and her mum, from Dundee, were both taken by the Scottish Ambulance Service to Ninewells Hospital under police escort.

Freya later passed away at hospital and her mum, Brooke Reid, was treated for non-life threatening injuries and later released.

Following a post-mortem today (Wednesday, 8 July) Freya's death has been confirmed as non-suspicious and the police investigation has now concluded, with a report submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.

Freya’s family have today released the following statement through Police Scotland:

“We had to say goodbye to our best friend, our life, our world, our everything. Freya and I were in a freak accident that had us pulled down multiple waterfalls.

“I was lucky to survive but sadly our poor baby girl passed away. Freya was a cheeky little devil who we loved so much. She was our little guardian angel.

“Our family are so grateful for all of the support we have received. However, we now ask that we are given time to grieve for Freya in peace.”

Detective Chief Inspector Ray Birnie of Dundee CID said:

"Our sincere condolences are with Freya's family, community and all those affected by this absolutely tragic accident.

“I would like to recognise the efforts of the emergency responders who attended the scene and also the medical staff who later battled to save Freya.

“I would also like to thank the witnesses who came forward to us with information.

"We continue to provide support to Freya's family. I would like to stress that the family have requested that their privacy is respected at this incredibly difficult time."
