```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Hamilton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-hamilton/
```

**Published 28 July 2020**

Detectives in Hamilton are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in a McColls' shop last night.

At around 6.40pm on Monday, 27 July, 2020, a man entered the shop premises of McColls on Fleming Way in Hamilton.

He threatened staff with a weapon whilst demanding money from the till.

The man left the scene empty handed on foot. Nobody was injured as a result of the incident.

The suspect is described as being white, heavy build, wearing a grey coloured hooded top, dark jogging bottoms and white Adidas trainers with blue stripes.

Officers investigating the incident are now appealing for witnesses and anyone who can help the investigation is asked to come forward.

Detective Sergeant Claire Taylor said: “This has been a very frightening experience for the staff members working within the shop who have understandably been left shaken by the incident.

"When he left the shop the man headed off down Fleming Way on foot. We are keen to hear from anyone who was in Fleming Way last night and who may have seen this man.

"Anyone who has any information that can help to identify and trace him, should contact police as soon as possible on the 101 number, quoting the reference number 2847 of 27 July 2020. Anyone wishing to pass on information while remaining anonymous can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
