```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lothian and Borders public thanked for Covid-19 support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/lothian-and-borders-public-thanked-for-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent John Mckenzie has thanked members of the public in the Lothians and Scottish Borders for their efforts in adhering to physical distancing during the fight against coronavirus.

The divisional commander also called for communities to continue staying at home while restrictions remain in place.

He said “It is important to recognise that the overwhelming majority of people in West Lothian, East Lothian, Midlothian and the Borders have adhered to the guidance and by doing so, they have helped protect the NHS and save lives.

“Physical distancing has meant great personal sacrifice for many people, but please do not relent now.

“Deputy Chief Constable Malcolm Graham has urged everyone to resist the temptation to head outdoors during this warm weather and I want to reiterate this to our communities.

“Throughout the division we have many beautiful beaches and scenic walking routes, but it is vital that the public stay away from these areas for the time being.

“Community policing has an important role to play as part of the response to coronavirus and Police Scotland officers are out on patrol each day, where, as our Chief Constable has previously stated, we take a common sense approach.

“We are also supported by our colleagues from Road Policing, who are using both marked police cars and motorcycles to monitor the road network within the Lothians and Scottish Borders division.

“The overwhelming majority of people have responded positively to our engagement and encouragement to return home and only as a last resort have we had to use enforcement powers.

“I ask once again that you only leave the house in order to undertake essential tasks, such as buying groceries and medicine or to attend work, if you are considered a key worker.

“Daily exercise is also permitted, but please stay within your local area and avoid driving, where possible.

“This is a collective effort and you have an important part to play by staying at home, protecting our NHS and saving lives.

“Figures issued today show that 97 fixed penalty tickets have been issued in the Lothians and Scottish Borders.”
