```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Men arrested for drug offences, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/men-arrested-for-drug-offences-edinburgh/
```

**Published 3 January 2020**

Police Scotland have arrested and charged two men in connection with road traffic and drug offences in Edinburgh.

At around 1.05am on Friday, 3 January, Road Policing Officers on patrol in the south of the city stopped a white Ford Transit van in Moredun Dykes Road.

The 41-year-old driver provided a positive roadside drug test and was arrested at the scene.

Following a search of the vehicle by officers and a specialist police dog, a quantity of Class A drugs were found, which included heroin and cocaine with an estimated street value of over £21,000.

A three figure sum of cash was also recovered along with a Conductive Energy Device.

The 16-year-old passenger was arrested for drug offences and both men have now been charged in connection with the incident. A report has been submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.

A search of a property in East Lothian in connection with the incident saw a further quantity of heroin recovered with an estimated street value of £28,000. Three offensive weapons were also found and seized for further analysis.

Inspector Roger Park of Edinburgh's Road Policing Unit said: “A large amount of controlled drugs have been seized as a result of this proactive stop which involved a number of units working together across the city.

“We continue to target anyone involved in the possession and supply of illegal substances and will always conduct a thorough investigation where information suggests criminality.

“The men are both expected to appear before Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Monday, 6 January 2020.”
