```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '22'
  month: August
  reference: '3379'
title: Man seriously assaulted in Craighall Street, Raploch, Stirling
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/man-seriously-assaulted-in-craighall-street-raploch-stirling/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a 26 year-old man was seriously assaulted in the Raploch area of Stirling on Saturday, 22 August.

Around 6.20pm on Saturday evening, the 26 year-old man was approached by three men who entered the front garden of a property in Craighall Street, Raploch and seriously assaulted him. The men then made off in a dark-coloured BMW 1 series car onto Raploch Road.

Police and Ambulance attended and the injured man was taken by ambulance to Forth Valley Royal Hospital where he was treated for a serious facial injury.

The three men responsible are described as:

 1. White, in his 20s, around 6ft in height and of medium build. He was wearing a grey tracksuit top and trousers and white trainers.
 2. White, in his 20s, around 5ft 10ins in height and of medium build with a tanned complexion. He was wearing a grey long sleeved top, black shorts, white trainers and a dark-coloured skip cap.
 3. White, in his 20s, around 5ft 9 ins in height and of medium build He was wearing dark coloured trousers and top with a distinctive grey/white and black panelled hooded top.

Detective Inspector David MacGregor of Stirling Police Station said: “We believe this was a targeted attack on this man and we are working to identify and trace the three men responsible.

“Officers have been carrying out enquiries and studying CCTV from in and around the local area to gather more information that will assist their investigation.

“At this time, I am appealing to anyone who witnessed this incident, or who recognises the description of the three men and the car to contact us as soon as possible. I would particularly appeal to anyone who was driving in the area at the time or lives nearby that may have dash-cam footage of the suspects or their vehicle to get in touch.”

Anyone with information should contact Stirling Police Station through 101 quoting reference number 3379 of 22 August. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.
