```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Herbert Protocol introduced in Greater Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/herbert-protocol-introduced-in-great-glasgow/
```

Police Scotland and partner agencies in Greater Glasgow have introduced a scheme in the area to help trace vulnerable missing people.

The Herbert Protocol is a well-established initiative already used elsewhere in Scotland and the wider UK. It originated in Norfolk and takes its name after Normandy landings veteran George Herbert, who lived with dementia and died in 2011, after he went missing while looking for his childhood home.

It requires a detailed form to be populated with vital information such as a recent photograph, contact details, routines and significant locations, which can then be provided to officers and used to save vital time in a missing person inquiry.

The scheme is available to everyone registered with adult care services in the Greater Glasgow areas including people living with dementia or similar conditions.

Families can also fill out the forms for vulnerable relatives living at home who are at risk of going missing.

Chief Inspector Natalie Carr said: “Speed is of the essence in any missing person enquiry - the longer someone is missing, particularly if they are vulnerable, then the greater the risk to them.

“People go missing for a variety of reasons and when vulnerable people become lost, distressed or disorientated, it is something that causes considerable distress to loved ones.

“The Herbert Protocol ensures all relevant information can be passed quickly to police, and will provide vital assistance to officers in their search efforts."

For relatives in a care home, staff there should be contacted initially by a family member to discuss filling in the Herbert Protocol form and it can then be included in an individual’s care plan.

For relatives at home, the paperwork can be obtained through any police station or can be downloaded from the Police Scotland website and should be stored within the home.

https://www.scotland.police.uk/your-community/greater-glasgow/
