```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious assault, Ellesmere Street, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/serious-assault-ellesmere-street-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a serious assault which occurred in the Possilpark area of Glasgow on Wednesday, 18 November, 2020.

Around 6.50pm police were called to a report of a man being injured in Ellesmere Street after being assaulted by another man, who was not known to him.

Emergency services attended and the 43-year-old victim was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary to be treated for a stab wound to his leg. He has since been discharged.

The suspect is described as having a muscular build and was wearing dark clothing.

Detective Constable Kat Keogh from Maryhill CID said: “This appears to have been a random attack and enquiries are ongoing identify the suspect and establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

“I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Ellesmere Street just before 7pm on Wednesday night and witnessed what happened, or noticed anything at all suspicious, to come forward. I would also ask motorists with dash-cams who were nearby at the time to check their footage in case they have captured anything which could be of significance.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident number 2828 of Wednesday, 18 November, 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
