```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '10'
  month: September
  reference: '1319'
title: Serious road crash on A725, North Road, Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/two-vehicle-serious-road-crash-on-a725-north-road-coatbridge/
```

Officers from Lanarkshire Road Policing Unit are appealing for information following a serious road crash in Coatbridge on Thursday, 10 September, 2020.

Around 12.35pm on Thursday afternoon, a 67 year-old woman was driving her grey Renault Captura on the A725, North Road near to the entrance to the A8 eastbound, when her vehicle was involved in a collision with a Scania HGV being driven by a 44 year-old man.

Emergency Services attended and the 67 year-old woman was taken by ambulance to Monklands Hospital where she is being treated for her injuries. Hospital staff describe her condition as stable.

The 64 year-old male passenger in the Renault was taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow. Hospital staff describe his condition as critical but stable.

The driver of the Scania HGV was uninjured.

Sergeant Andrew Currie from the Road Policing Unit based at Motherwell is appealing for information. He said:

“Our enquiries into the cause of the crash are continuing. This is a busy road and I would ask any witnesses, or anyone with information that will assist our ongoing investigation to contact us. I would also ask anyone driving on that road around the time of the crash with dash-cam footage to get in touch.”

Anyone with information should contact Lanarkshire Road Policing Unit through 101 quoting reference number 1319 of 10 September.
