```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '12'
  month: May
  reference: '2755'
  year: '2020'
title: Firearm Discharged - Brachelston Street, Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/firearm-discharged-brachelston-street-greenock/
```

**Published 12 May 2020**

Police in Greenock are appealing for information after a firearm was discharged in Brachelston Street, Greenock today, Tuesday, 12 May, 2020.

“Around 6pm on Tuesday, 12 May, a 37-year-old man was walking in Brachelston Street, Greenock when a firearm was discharged at him from a white coloured SUV. The vehicle then sped off towards the Orangefield area of Greenock.

“The 37-year-old man was uninjured.

Detective Inspector David Wagstaff at Greenock CID said:

“This was a very reckless act and thankfully no-one was injured as a result of it.

“Enquiries are ongoing and officers are carrying out forensic examinations as well as speaking to local people in the area.

“At this time we believe that this was not a random incident and that the 37-year-old man was the intended target.

“Anyone who may have seen a white SUV in the area around 6 pm tonight is asked to contact police immediately. I’d also like anyone who was in the Brachelston Street area at this time to check their Dash Cam footage or anyone who has private CCTV to check it to see if they have captured anything that could assist our enquiries.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Greenock CID via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 2755 of 12 May 2020. Alternatively calls can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
