```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '1969'
title: "Teenager victim of assault with intent to rob \u2013 Keal Avenue, Knightswood"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/teenager-victim-of-assault-with-intent-to-rob-keal-avenue-knightswood/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an assault with intent to rob incident which occurred in the Knightswood area of Glasgow on Sunday 9 August 2020.

Around 5pm a 14 year old boy was cycling along the canal path near to Keal Avenue when he was approached by a group of three men dressed in black and wearing face coverings.

The boy was thrown from his bicycle and assaulted. The suspects demanded he hand over his schoolbag, which he refused to do, and threatened him with a knife.

The suspects made off from the scene when the victim started shouting for help.

He was then assisted by an elderly woman at a nearby bus stop who let him use her mobile phone to contact his family.

The incident was reported to police on Friday 4 September 2020 and enquiries are underway to establish the full circumstances.

Detective Constable Robert Fox from the Community Investigation Unit based at Govan said:

“This was a terrifying ordeal for the victim and it is vital that we trace the individuals involved.

“We would appeal to anyone who was on the canal path on the evening of Sunday 9 August and may have witnessed this incident, or noticed anything suspicious, to please get in touch. In particular we would ask the elderly woman who came to the assistance of the victim to come forward.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact the Community Investigation Unit based at Govan through 101, quoting incident number 1969 of Friday 4 September 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be provided anonymously.”
