```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Fall in crime and increase in confidence in policing in Tayside
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/q1-2020-21-performance-data-tayside/
```

Efforts to target violent criminals and tackle those who illegally profit from the sale and supply of drugs have been continuing across the Tayside region as our officers, staff and Special Constables work hard to ensure the region remains a safe place to live, work, visit and travel through.

Q1 Performance figures 2020-21 released today – which cover the period April to June – highlight a slight reduction in total crime across the region compared to the same period last year (4,296 offences compared to 4,463), while public confidence in Scottish policing increased by 20 percentage points during the first quarter.

In addition to increased high-visibility patrols and enhanced community engagement to support the restrictions put in place by the Scottish Government, working proactively with our partners has been crucial during this period to help identify and protect those most at risk of crimes such as domestic abuse, online child sexual abuse and fraud.

Continued efforts have also been ongoing to tackle violence and to target those who illegally profit from drug use in our communities, resulting in more than 600 drug crimes recorded during the Q1 period - the vast majority detected during proactive activity.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent Andrew Todd said: “Carrying out enforcement action throughout the lockdown period has been absolutely key to pursue those who profit from the sale and supply of illegal substances and violent crime, as well as recognising the vulnerability of those who use drugs. Protecting vulnerable people and working closely alongside our partners has always been at the heart of policing in Tayside, however our requirement to adapt and work together effectively has never been so important and I would like to thank our partners and communities for your support. The potential for suppressed vulnerability remains a priority for policing moving forward, and I continue to urge communities to keep an eye on those at potential risk and to raise any concerns to Police or our partners.

“As the figures contained with the Q1 report were recorded during an unprecedented time, it is extremely difficult to make swift conclusions about crime trends. Although reductions in violent, sexual and acquisitive crimes are to be welcomed, we must take into account the extraordinary time period during which they were recorded. What I can say with some certainty though is that Tayside Division has been, and will continue to, work tirelessly to address all reports of criminality and provide the support our communities need.

“Of note, incidents of anti-social behaviour reported to Police increased significantly (11,147 compared to 7,161 during the same period last year) however the majority were linked to calls from the public over suspected breaches of COVID-19 regulations. Fraud offences also increased significantly (146 incidents last year, compared to 249 this year) as scammers found new ways to exploit people’s fears about coronavirus. It is completely unacceptable and Police Scotland will continue to work with partners, businesses and communities to provide alerts and preventative advice.”

Chief Superintendent Todd added: “Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor revealed today that public confidence in Scottish policing was up by 20 percentage points during the first quarter, and I can provide every assurance that we are committed to building on this moving forward locally. Thank you once again for your support.”
