```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Tackling anti-social behaviour in Levenmouth - Improving Levenmouth Together Project
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/tackling-anti-social-behaviour-in-levenmouth-improving-levenmouth-together-project/
```

The final results of the project to tackle anti-social behaviour in Levenmouth were presented by Sergeant Craig Fyall and Inspector Paul Gillespie to elected members and shared with partners recently.

The project was launched on Wednesday, 1 April 2020, following the success of the initiative in 2019. Over the last seven months, the momentum in combatting anti-social behaviour in Levenmouth has continued positively.

The results are as follows:

 * 38 vehicles seized - this includes motorbikes, cars and a quad bike.
 * 306 people were charged in connection with anti-social behaviour and road traffic offences.
 * 1 tenant was given full Anti-Social Behaviour Order.
 * 20 anti-social behaviour warnings were issued (which will stay with the suspects for 12 months).
 * 2 warrants executed at addresses associated with anti-social behaviour in relation to stolen bikes. A quantity of drugs were also recovered.
 * 2019 saw a reduction in calls regarding the anti-social behaviour use of motorbikes from 891 to 354
 * 2020 saw a reduction in calls regarding the anti-social behaviour use of motorbikes from 354 to 217
 * Less calls in 2019 and 2020 accumulative in comparison to 2018.

Sergeant Craig Fyall from Levenmouth Police Station said:

"We know that tackling anti-social behaviour is a key priority for our local communities and building on the success of last year was vital. Considering the unprecedented challenges faced in 2020, the results of the project are exceptional. Without the partnership work and dedication of key agencies it is unlikely the level of success would have been achieved".

"I would also like to thank the local community for their support and urge them to help us build on the success of the project moving forward into 2021, by continuing to report relevant information to Levenmouth's Community Policing Team via 101."
