```yaml
area: Scotland
title: "Two people charged following \xA3144,000 cannabis recovery in Aberdeen"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/two-people-charged-following-144-000-cannabis-recovery-in-aberdeen/
```

Police Scotland has arrested and charged two people following the recovery of cannabis with a potential street value of £144,000 in Aberdeen.

Reacting to intelligence, specialist officers stopped a white Range Rover on North Anderson Drive at 5.15pm on Tuesday, 18 August, 2020. Following a search of the vehicle, a large amount of cannabis and a low four-figure sum of money was recovered.

A search warrant was later carried out at a property in Oldtown Place, Aberdeen, and a further large amount of cannabis was recovered. In total, the drugs are estimated to have a potential street value of £144,000.

A 24-year-old-man and a 43-year-old woman have been arrested and charged in connection with drug supply offences and are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court today (Wednesday, 19 August).

Detective Sergeant Scott McKay, of Aberdeen CID Proactive, said: "Based on intelligence, specialist officers carried out a pro-active stop on a vehicle which resulted in a significant seizure of cannabis.

"We are committed to disrupting the illicit supply of drugs in our communities and we will use every tool and tactic at our disposal to remove these illegal substances from our streets.

"Criminal behaviour like this spreads harm and misery in our communities and it will not be tolerated. We can't tackle this alone though. We rely on the support of the public to build intelligence on drug-related issues so that we can act on their concerns.

"I would urge anyone who is aware of any information about the supply of drugs to report the matter to police on 101, or anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
