```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information following assault of young girl in Kilmarnock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-for-information-following-assault-of-young-girl-in-kilmarnock/
```

Police are appealing for information after a young girl was assaulted by a man in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, today, Thursday, 19 November, 2020.

Around 8.30 am this morning, a 10-year-old girl was making her way to school along MacBeth Drive, Kilmarnock, when she was approached from behind by a man who made a grab for her arm and tried to engage her in conversation. As she tried to get away, he started to shout and swear at her making her upset and she ran off to the school where she told teachers about what had happened and police were called.

The man is described as white, 30 to 35 years of age, around 6 ft 3, of medium build, with crooked yellow teeth. He was wearing a long black padded jacket with a furry hood and a black eye patch.

Chief Inspector Steven Meikle, local area commander, Kilmarnock, said:

"Why this man approached the young girl has still to be established and any speculation, especially on social media, is not helpful at the moment. The fact is this girl was very upset by what happened and we need to find this man as soon as possible.

"His description is quite distinctive, especially his height and the fact he had an eye patch, so he would have been noticeable and would have stood out in the area.

"This happened just near to a local school around starting time and so there would have been numerous cars and people in the area about then.

"Officers are checking CCTV and have been making door to door enquiries as well as being in the area as the school finishes for the evening, however, we would appeal to anyone who saw the man hanging about the streets, or anyone who has dash-cam footage from the area this morning to come forward.

"Information can be passed to officers at Kilmarnock Police Station via 101. Please quote incident number 0992 of 19 November 2020 when calling. Alternatively, details can be given to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"Additional patrols will be in the area and anyone with information can speak to officers there."
