```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '3297'
title: "Robbery \u2013 Edinburgh Road - Glasgow"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/robbery-edinburgh-road-glasgow/
```

Officers are appealing for information after two men entered a petrol station and made off with a quantity of cash in Glasgow last night.

Around 9pm on Friday, 15 January, 2021 a woman was working within the premises on Edinburgh Road when two men entered, threated her with a hand gun and demanded money.

The men then made off in an unknown direction with a three figure sum of cash.

The first man is described as white, with a Glasgow accent. He was around 5 ft 11 of stocky build, wearing a black tammy hat, blue/grey zipper with a checked/lined pattern and blue NIKE jogging bottoms. He also had a red snood/scarf covering his face.

The second man is described as white, of slim build and was wearing a blue Lacoste tracksuit top which had a white striped across the body. He was wearing dark coloured bottoms, dark coloured trainers and had a scarf across face.

Police Constable Robert Fox, said:

“Although nobody was injured, this was a terrifying incident for the woman, who was simply doing her job, and for another woman who was also in the petrol station at the time.

“Officers are currently going through CCTV footage, however would appeal for anyone who has any information to come forward. Were you in the area last night, do you have any dash-cam footage or did you see anybody matching the descriptions hanging around nearby?”

Anyone with any information should contact police via 101, quoting incident number 3297 of Friday 15 January 2021. Alternatively you can contact CRIMESTOPPERS on 0800 555 111.
