```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '30'
  month: January
  reference: '3355'
title: Robbery - Primrose Street, Carnoustie
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/robbery-primrose-street-carnoustie/
```

**Published 3 February 2020**

Police in Dundee are appealing for information following a robbery at an elderly man’s home in Carnoustie on Thursday, 30 January, 2020.

Around 8.45 pm on Thursday, 30 January, a 77-year-old man was within his home in Primrose Street, Carnoustie when two men claiming to be police officers forced their way into his home.

The two men then threatened the elderly man and demanded money from him before making off with a bottle of whisky and a mobile phone.

The elderly man was not physically injured but left extremely upset.

The two culprits are described as white, aged in their mid-30’s, around 5ft 11 with short dark cropped hair. One of them was of stocky build and the other was of medium build. Both men were wearing green zipped jackets with a logo on them.

Detective Sergeant Graeme Wishart at Dundee CID said:

“This was a very frightening experience for anyone to endure and it is vital that we trace the two despicable men who carried out this robbery.

“I’d like to speak to anyone who may have either seen the culprits hanging around the area before or after the robbery occurred or anyone who recognises their descriptions.”

Anyone with information should contact CID at Dundee via telephone number 101 quoting incident number 3355 of 30 January, 2020. Alternatively calls can be made via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
