```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man charged following significant drugs recovery in Aberdeen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/man-charged-following-significant-drugs-recovery-in-aberdeen/
```

**Published 9 January 2020**

Police Scotland have charged a man in connection with drug offences after a significant quantity of cannabis was found in the Tillydrone area of the city.

An intelligence-led operation was carried out at an address in Tedder Street on Wednesday 8 January, by officers from Tillydrone’s Local Policing Team and Aberdeen CID.

As a result, a large quantity of cannabis plants were found which had an estimated street value of £157,000.

A 26-year-old man was arrested and charged and is expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Thursday, 9 January.

Detective Sergeant Scott McKay of the Aberdeen Proactive Unit said: "As a result of information provided by the public and enquiries conducted by Local Policing Officers in Tillydrone, a significant amount of drugs have been seized and removed from circulation.

“This will have a significant impact on those involved in the supply of controlled drugs and those who gain financially from this type of criminality.

"We are committed to tackling crime involving drugs in our communities and members of the public have a vital role to play in reporting information to us.

“I would encourage anyone who has information relating to those involved in the sale and supply of controlled drugs, or who suspect that a property is being used for drug related crimes, to contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. The smallest piece of information provided by the public can be the last piece of the puzzle needed in order for officers to take enforcement action, so no information should be discounted or seen as insignificant.”
