```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after man follows woman into house in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-after-man-follows-woman-into-house-in-glasgow/
```

**Published 25 July 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a man followed an elderly woman into her home and demanded money from her in the Cathcart area.

The incident took place around 3.30pm on Friday, 24 July, in the Struan Road area. A woman in her eighties was entering her home through the front door when she noticed a man behind her.

He ushered her into the property and demanded cash from her. He then became aware of another person in the house and fled. The man was last seen on Struan Road, heading towards Kildary Road.

He is described as white, aged around 45, approximately 5ft 6ins tall, medium build and with short dark hair. He was wearing a dark-coloured jacket and spoke with a Scottish accent.

Detective Constable Suzy Walker of Glasgow's Community Investigation Unit said: "The woman was unhurt but, understandably, left badly shaken by this incident.

"As part of our investigation, we're urging anyone who may have seen suspicious behaviour in the area to contact us. Likewise, anyone with information which could be relevant is urged to come forward."

Those with information can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 2621 of 24 July. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
