```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for incidents in Braemar
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/appeal-for-incidents-in-braemar/
```

**Published 4th June 2020**

Detectives are appealing for information to three incidents in Braemar that took place on Wednesday, 3 June, 2020.

Around 2.20am on Wednesday morning, officers were called to a report of a break-in to Braemar Mountain Sports store on Invercauld Road, Braemar. Clothing worth a four-figure sum was stolen from the store during this incident and police enquiries are continuing.

Police have also received two reports of number plates stolen from two vehicles in Braemar between late on Tuesday, 2 June and the morning of Wednesday, 3 June. Both of the vehicles were parked in Canmore Road. We believe that these three thefts are all linked.

Detective Sergeant Scott McKay said: “We have been carrying out enquiries in the local area since these incidents were reported, and we have viewed a significant amount of CCTV footage.

“Those responsible for the theft in the shop used a dark-coloured Audi S5 vehicle which was seen driving in the Braemar area between 2.10am and 2.45am on Wednesday morning. However from our initial enquiries, there are also reports of a light coloured car seen driving through the area around the same time and it may also have stopped at Glenshee Ski Centre for a short while. I am extremely keen to speak to the occupants of that light-coloured car as they may have witnessed something vital to this enquiry.

“As our investigation progresses I am asking any witnesses, or anyone with information to contact detectives at Aberdeen through 101 quoting reference number 0294 of 3rd June. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
