```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police name teenager who died in Wishaw and family statement
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/police-name-teenager-who-died-in-wishaw-and-family-statement/
```

**Published 8 March 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm the name of the teenager who died in Wishaw as Sean Ford.

Officers were called to an address in the Charles Street area of Craigneuk around 5.05am on Saturday, 7 March, following a report from the Scottish Ambulance Service that a 15-year-old boy had been seriously injured.

Sean was taken to Wishaw General Hospital, where he died a short time later. His death is now being treated as murder and officers continue to provide specialist support to his family.

Sean's family has now released the following statement through Police Scotland: "Sean was such an outgoing and intelligent young boy who brought laughter and smiles to everyone around him.

"He was always making sure others were ok. He was truly one in a million and we will never forget his big beautiful smile. He will be forever young.

"We are overwhelmed with the amount of support from his friends and would like to thank every last one of them. He was so cruelly and cowardly taken away from us and we will get justice for Sean.

"We are so heartbroken and just ask to be left to grieve."

Detective Chief Inspector Alan Sommerville of the Major Investigation Team said: “A 20-year-old man was arrested and has now been charged in connection with Sean’s death.

“He is due to appear at Hamilton Sheriff Court on Monday, 9 March.

“Our enquiries to establish the full circumstances surrounding Sean’s death are still at an early stage and I want to thank the community for their support so far.

“I’d continue to urge anyone who has information which could be relevant, or who was in the area at this time, to speak to a local officer or call 101 and quote incident 0785 of 7 March.

“Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
