```yaml
area: Scotland
title: 180 children protected from online abuse
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/june/180-children-protected-from-online-abuse/
```

**Published 29th June 2020**

One hundred offenders have been arrested in the past six months and 180 children have been protected as a result of Police Scotland investigations into online child abuse.

Officers from Police Scotland’s Internet Investigations Unit have prepared over 350 National Online Child Abuse Prevention (NOCAP) packages since January.

NOCAP packages provide intelligence and evidence which underpins investigations carried out by both Police Scotland’s National Child Abuse Investigations Unit and local policing divisions to identify and apprehend online child abusers.

Assistant Chief Constable Duncan Sloan, Major Crime and Public Protection lead for Police Scotland, said:

“Online child sexual abuse is a national threat with advancements in technology, online functions and platforms giving predators ever evolving opportunity to target children. “Behind every downloaded image, every attempt to groom or to extort, is a child being victimised by a faceless predator.

“As today’s figures show, predators are not anonymous. Every action leaves a trace, and we will work with our partners, nationally and internationally, to track you down.“You will be caught and you risk losing everything.

“Tackling online child abuse is a priority. We draw on specialist resources from across our organisation to gather intelligence, to carry out digital forensic examinations and to support our investigations.

“And we will continue to improve our response: investing resources, using the latest technologies and taking action to identify and apprehend those who pose a threat to our children.”

Police Scotland works with a wide range of partners, nationally and internationally, and from all sectors including law enforcement agencies, internet service providers and third sector organisations, to identify perpetrators, to tackle the threat and to build safer online communities.
