```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man seriously injured following attack - Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/man-seriously-injured-following-attack-greenock/
```

Police are appealing for information after a man was attacked and seriously injured with a bladed weapon in Greenock on Sunday, 11 October, 2020.

Around 8.30 pm, police were called to Grieve Road, Greenock, where a 20-year-old man had been seriously injured in an attack involving up to three other men.

He made his own way to Inverclyde Hospital where he was treated for his injuries. He has since left the hospital.

The suspects are only described at this time as a white, wearing dark clothing and masks.

Detective Sergeant Alex Allardyce, Greenock CID, said:

"We believe this to be a targeted attack, however, whether that's the case or not, this person was seriously injured and we have to find those responsible.

"From our enquiries so far, up to three men were involved in the attack which took place outside shops on Grieve Road. They left the scene in a long black estate type car.

"I am sure someone will either have seen or heard the attack take place and would ask that anyone who has not yet come forward to police do so as their information may be very helpful to our enquiry. We'd also be keen to get any dash-cam footage from the area between 8.20 pm and 8.40 pm.

"Any information can be passed to officers at Greenock Police Station via 101. Please quote reference number 3315 of 11 October, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, details can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
