```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following wilful fire raising in Strahaven
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-wilful-fire-raising-in-strahaven/
```

**Published 14 July 2020**

Police in South Lanarkshire are appealing for information after a van was set on fire in Strathaven.

Around 1.50am on Monday, 13 July, officers received reports of a van, parked in a driveway on Kirkland Park Avenue on fire which had spread to a residential property next to it. The fire was extinguished by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and nobody was injured as a result.

Substantial damage was caused to the vehicle and the house it spread to as a result of the fire, which is being treated as suspicious.

A man around 19 or 20-years-old dressed all in black clothing was seen leaving the scene in a dark vehicle at speed.

Detective Sergeant Kevin Clark or Cambuslang CID said: “We are appealing for information from members of the public relating to this deliberate fire.

"Thankfully no one was injured as a result of this reckless act, but I would like to stress how dangerous wilful fire-raising is and discourage anyone from setting a fire deliberately and know that officers will always investigate any reports robustly and thoroughly.

“If you saw anything suspicious in the area or have any information about the man seen leaving the scene and have not already contacted police I would urge you to do so as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 0280 of 13 July, 2020, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
