```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Witness appeal following a robbery and assault, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/witness-appeal-following-a-robbery-and-assault-edinburgh/
```

**Published 17 February 2020**

Police in Edinburgh are appealing for witnesses following a robbery and assault in the Leith area of the city.

The incident happened around 7.10pm in Ocean Drive, outside the Ocean Terminal shopping centre, on Friday, 14 February.

A 43-year-old man has just left the shopping centre and crossed the road when he was approached by two women. They claimed to be police officers, took hold of him and searched him. The women then walked off. He subsequently found a three figure sum of cash missing from his wallet.

The first woman is described as white, 5ft 9ins, of stocky build, around 40-year-old, with shoulder length blonde hair that was tied up. She was wearing a blue Puffa style jacket and spoke with a local accent.

The second woman is described as white, 6ft, so slim build with long brown hair and also aged around 40. She was wearing a black Puffa style jacket.

Detective Constable Joanne Robertson, of Gayfield CID, said: “There were a number of people around when this incident happened and we are appealing for them to get in touch if they saw what happened.

“In particular we are keen to speak to two men who were at or near a bus stop at the time and are believed to have taken a number 200 Lothian bus.

“If you saw what happened, or anything suspicious around that time of the evening, then please contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3328 of Friday, 14 February. Or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
