```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '15'
  month: August
  reference: 0596
title: Housebreaking and assault in High Street, Tillicoultry
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/housebreaking-and-assault-in-high-street-tillicoultry/
```

Officers are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a housebreaking and assault in Tillicoultry on Saturday, 15 August, 2020.

Around 2.10am, a man was within his home in High Street, when he woke to find a male stranger in his bedroom. The male, on being disturbed, assaulted the householder before running out of the house.

The 44-year-old man was treated at the scene by paramedics.

The suspect was wearing dark coloured clothing and was carrying a white carrier bag.

Officers are carrying out door-to-door enquiries and checking relevant CCTV footage for any information on the suspect.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Stirling said: “I am appealing to local residents for any information. I appreciate the incident occurred in the early hours of this morning, but someone may have been up and heard something or saw something which could assist our enquiries. It is imperative we trace this man and any small piece of information could prove significant in our investigation as we try to locate him. I would urge anyone with any information or knowledge to please get in touch with us.

“I would also like to remind people to ensure their homes are secure. In the warm weather, we can often leave doors and windows unlocked, but please lock up at night.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 0596 of 15 August, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where you can give information anonymously.
