```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following disturbance on Custom House Way, Greenock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-following-disturbance-on-custom-house-way-greenock/
```

Police in Greenock are appealing for witnesses following a disturbance at a retail park on Custom House Way.

The disturbance involving two men, which saw a 64-year-old man take unwell, happened around 1.55pm on Saturday, 26 September, 2020.

Members of the public and police provided medical assistance and the man was taken to Inverclyde Royal Hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Investigations so far revealed that there appears to have been no physical contact between the two men involved and the 64-year-old has taken unwell for medical reasons.

As part of the ongoing efforts to establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident, police are appealing to the other man involved to come forward and assist officers with their enquiries.

He is described as being in his mid to late 20s, of slim build, around 5ft 10in in height and was possibly wearing a grey top.

Detective Inspector David Wagstaff of Greenock CID said: “We're appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident and who hasn’t already spoken to officers to come forward.

"In particular, we are appealing to the second man involved to get in touch with officers as soon as possible.”

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting incident 1820 of 26 September, 2020.
