```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information after van failed to stop in Leith
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-for-information-after-van-failed-to-stop-in-leith/
```

**Published 10 January 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing to drivers with dash cam footage to get in touch after a Ford Transit van failed to stop for police in Leith yesterday (Thursday, 9 January).

About 5.20pm officers, officers saw the van driving at speed in Ferry Road in Edinburgh. A police pursuit commenced and the van travelled in various streets in the area, ending near Great Junction Street.

The van collided with other cars damaging wing mirrors and a police car. An officer suffered minor injuries.

The van was later traced in North Leith Sands Industrial Estate but the driver had made off.

Sergeant Jen Forbes said :

"Our enquiries are ongoing to identify the driver of the van, but we are requiring the assistance of the public.

"We are appealing to anyone who was in the areas of Drylaw and Leith around 5.20pm last night (Thursday 9 January) and could have witnessed the incident to get in touch.

"There were a number of cars which have potentially suffered damage to wing mirrors or bodywork and I would ask residents to check their cars in case they have damage and report it to us.

"I would also ask anyone with dash-cam footage to come forward, you may have captured something which could assist us in our enquiries."

Anyone who can help should call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 2597 of Thursday, 9 January, 2020.
