```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after men assaulted in Glasgow city centre
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-after-men-assaulted-in-glasgow-city-centre/
```

Police Scotland is appealing for information after a disturbance in Glasgow city centre.

The incident happened on the pavement of Argyle Street, near the junction with Queen Street, around 5.50pm on Tuesday, 15 December.

A 19-year-old man suffered serious facial injuries which required treatment at Glasgow Royal Infirmary after being assaulted by an unidentified man.

This man is described as being white, around 18-22 years-old and of medium build. He was wearing a dark jacket, blue tracksuit bottoms, riding a bike that had a distinctive blue seat and he was carrying a draw string bad over his shoulder.

After the incident he cycled east down Argyle Street.

The victim of this assault was in the company of a 33 year old man who suffered minor injuries after being assaulted by a second unidentified man.

He is described as being white and wearing a khaki green tracksuit with a bubble jacket over the top and white trainers.

Detective Constable Paul Campbell, of Glasgow CID, said: "We are carrying out enquiries to identify these two men and would urge anyone who can help to come forward.

"If you were on Argyle Street around that time and saw or heard a disturbance then please get in touch.

"We would be keen to hear from anyone who may have mobile phone or dashcam footage of the incident.

"Anyone who can help can call 101, quoting incident STORM ref, of 15 December, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
