```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Robbery - Boswall, Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/robbery-boswall-edinburgh/
```

Police are appealing for information after a woman was robbed of jewellery in Boswall, Edinburgh, on Saturday, 17 October, 2020.

Around 6.30pm, a 39-year-old woman was walking along the cycle path between Wardie Road and Granton Road, when she was approached by a man on a bike who, after a short conversation, demanded her watch and diamond rings before riding off towards Drylaw.

The woman was not injured but has been left shaken by the incident.

The suspect is described as white, of medium build, with short dark hair and had a local accent. He was wearing a blue surgical face mask, dark coloured cotton tracksuit top and bottoms. He was on a dark coloured bike with no lights.

Detective Constable Peter Lyons, Costorphine CID, Edinburgh, said:

"Whilst the watch and jewellery have a combined value of approximately a four-figure sum of money, it's more their sentimental value - especially the lady's engagement and eternity rings - that is upsetting for her.

"She was on the walkway which goes between Wardie Road and Granton Road and was just approaching the Wardie Road exit when she was approached by the man.

"This can be a busy thoroughfare and I am sure there would have been people about who either saw the robbery or who may have seen the man on the bike hanging about the area.

"Officers are checking CCTV at the moment to try an identify the thief, however, would appeal to anyone who may have information that will assist their investigation to come forward.

"If you think you can help, please call Costorphine Police Station via 101 quoting reference number 3256 of Saturday, 17 October, 2020. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111."
