```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Anti-crime and community reassurance operation in Hilltown Terrace, Dundee
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/anti-crime-and-community-reassurance-operation-in-hilltown-terrace-dundee/
```

Over the coming months, officers in Dundee along with partners, including Dundee City Council Housing and Anti-Social Behaviour Team, will conduct a period of focussed action in and around Hilltown Terrace, including the multi-storey blocks of Hilltown Court, Bonnethill Court, Tulloch Court and Dallfield Court.

Like any area, Hilltown Terrace can experience criminality but the focus of the operation will be on violent and acquisitive crime, anti-social behaviour, disturbances and also drug-related activity. Local residents and members of the community might be hesitant to engage with police and speak about incidents that occur here, however officers can speak with them in complete confidence whether it be at their home address, at a police office or by telephone.

Sergeant Kirsten Kiddie said: “For some time now, we have found that the Hilltown Terrace area and the multi-storey blocks have been disproportionately affected by criminal activity and anti-social behaviour. By adopting a partnership and community-led approach, we will look to tackle this and reduce crime in the area. This will be ongoing, and will continue for as long as it is needed.

“Residents will see an increase in our high-profile patrolling of the area, but there will also be intelligence-led work going on behind the scenes, identifying those involved in crime in the area in order to target repeat offenders and those who regularly cause problems for the local community.

“We will work in conjunction with Crown Office to ensure that arrested offenders, if given bail, are subject to conditions to keep out of the area. Extensive use of Anti-Social Behaviour Orders will be implemented to protect local residents as well. The aim of this operation is to build upon the safety of everyone living in the area and make it more peaceful and secure. Police Scotland will also intervene and guide anyone in need of help to our support partner agencies.

“In order for this to work, we need the help of the local community. If you have information about criminals and their activity, or concerns for people, please let us know. Stop and speak to us, tell us what matters to you and how you are affected. And don’t forget you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.”
