```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '12'
  month: September
  reference: '235'
title: Appeal after two men assaulted on Machan Road, Larkhall
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-after-two-men-assaulted-on-machan-road-larkhall/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after two men were assaulted in Larkhall.

Around 00.50am on Saturday, 12 September, 2020, two men, aged 34 and 36 were walking along Machan Road, near Westerton Avenue, in Larkhall when they passed a man and woman. The two men carried on walking and were attacked from behind by the man they had passed who had been joined by four other men. Both men were seriously assaulted.

The injured men were taken to Wishaw Hospital. The 34-year-old man has since been released, however, the 36-year-old man remains in hospital for further treatment to his injuries.

Officers are continuing door-to-door enquiries and are checking relevant CCTV footage for any information on the group of suspects.

Detective Constable Christine McLanachan said: “These two men have been on a night out and making their way home when they have been attacked for no reason, that is clearly unacceptable and it is imperative we trace the men responsible. The four other men must have been in the area or very near to the area as they arrived pretty quickly to participate in the attack.

“I am appealing to members of the public for their help, if you saw anything or know anything regarding this crime, please do get in touch with us. I’m sure there will be information circulating in the area regarding this incident and those responsible and I am urging local people to pass this information on. We will use that information to find the men responsible for this senseless crime.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 235 of 12 September, 2020. Alternatively, please call Crime stoppers on 0800 555 111 where you can give your information in confidence and anonymously.

****
