```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Chief Superintendent thanks Renfrewshire and Inverclyde public
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/chief-superintendent-thanks-renfrewshire-and-inverclyde-public/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Alan Murray has asked Renfrewshire and Inverclyde’s communities to stick with physical distancing to protect the NHS and save lives. He also thanked everyone who has made significant sacrifices to their normal routines to comply with the legal requirements.

He said: “The overwhelming majority of people are complying with the instruction from government to stay at home and we are really grateful to them for doing so.

“Police officers have a vital role to play in supporting the NHS response and we are working round the clock to engage with our fellow citizens, explain the legislation and encourage compliance.

“Most people in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde have accepted police advice and only on the rare occasion have we had to revert to a warning or enforcement. Enforcement is a last resort but where people continue to flout the regulations and fail to comply repeatedly with police direction, officers will take the necessary enforcement action.

“People should only leave the house for very limited purposes, including buying basic necessities, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work where you cannot work at home.

“The Deputy Chief Constable has stressed today that people must not be tempted to ignore the advice, even as the restrictions persist and the warm weather continues. Indeed, I have noticed that the recent warm weather has resulted in people gathering in Renfrewshire’s parks and Paisley’s town centre and I would remind you that this places vulnerable people in our communities at risk and contributes to the spread of COVID-19.

“Accordingly, you will see an increase in officers patrolling parks and other open spaces over the next few days. I would stress that the primary purpose of these patrols is to be on hand to provide support, advice and guidance. Police Scotland has a strong history of policing by consent and we are grateful for everyone’s continued cooperation and support at this time.”

“Please be responsible. Please stick with the physical distancing guidance to protect the NHS and save lives.”
Figures released today show that 165 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
