```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Clydebank murder inquiry launched into death of Billy McGuire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/clydebank-murder-inquiry-launched-into-death-of-billy-mcguire/
```

Detectives have launched a murder inquiry into the death of 25-year-old Billy McGuire following an incident within a house in Clydebank on Monday, 21 December, 2020.

Around 12.05am on Monday, 21 December, 2020, officers were called to a report of two men seriously injured within a house in Perth Crescent, Clydebank.

Emergency services attended and both men were taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. Billy McGuire (25) was pronounced dead a short time later. Hospital staff describe the condition of the 34-year-old man as critical but stable.

Following a post mortem examination, the death of Mr McGuire is being treated as murder and the attack on the 34-year-old man as attempted murder.

His family have been informed and a full report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan McAlpine of the Major Investigation Teams said: “We are continuing to carry out enquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident. From initial enquiries, we believe this is a targeted attack on these two men.

“There were a number of people within the house when two men entered the property and became involved in altercation with Mr McGuire and the 34-year-old man. The two men responsible then made off from the house.

“It is absolutely vital that we trace them as soon as soon as possible and we would urge anyone with information that may assist our investigation to do the right thing and come forward.

“I realise this incident will be of concern to the local community, so I would like to reassure them that additional officers will be in the area and anyone with concerns should speak to them.

“If you have any information that will assist, then please contact Clydebank Police Station through 101 quoting reference 0004 of 21 December, 2020. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
