```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Partnership funding facilitates officers for Police Scotland Naloxone pilot project
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/partnership-funding-facilitates-officers-for-police-scotland-naloxone-pilot-project/
```

Two Police Scotland officers, whose posts are being supported by funding from the Scottish Government Drug Deaths Taskforce, have begun their new roles facilitating the intra-nasal Naloxone test of change project.

The organisation announced last month that approval has been granted to proceed with a pilot project for frontline officers in three areas to voluntarily carry and administer the antidote nasal spray as an emergency first aid response to opioid overdose.

The Sergeant and Constable, who have previously worked in two of the three test-bed areas, will work within Safer Communities Division, dedicated to administering, implementing and delivering the pilot project, which is one of the most significant test of change projects in modern Scottish policing.

The test of change will operate in Dundee City (Tayside Division), Falkirk (Forth Valley Division) and Glasgow East (Greater Glasgow Division) with all officers being asked to complete a training session before deciding whether to participate in the programme by carrying the intra-nasal treatment while on duty. The trial period will last for six months following the completion of the final training session.

An extensive evidence-based evaluation will be carried out at the conclusion of the pilot period, which will inform future decisions around the carriage of Naloxone spray by officers across the organisation.

Professor Catriona Matheson, of Stirling University, is chair of the Scottish Government Drug Deaths Taskforce. Professor Matheson said: “We are delighted Police Scotland has worked with the Drug Deaths Taskforce to develop this pilot naloxone carriage project. Naloxone saves lives and the intra-nasal form the police will carry is very safe and effective.

“This will complement the work of the Ambulance Service and others who the Drug Deaths Taskforce is working with to increase naloxone carriage, including family members and peers. Well done to Police Scotland for its ambition to contribute positively to addressing Scotland’s dreadful levels of drug-related deaths.”

Public Health Minister Joe FitzPatrick said: “I am delighted that Police Scotland are taking this forward. A great deal of work has been undertaken to get to this point, and I welcome the input of all those involved, including the Drug Deaths Taskforce which helped emphasise the need for this action, and for providing funding for the test of change.

“A key aspect of the work of Scottish Government and the Drug Deaths Taskforce has been to maximise the availability of naloxone, particularly amongst emergency responders. This initiative will undoubtedly help save lives, and I am grateful for Police Scotland’s ongoing support and commitment in tackling the complex challenges we face in reducing the number of drug related deaths in Scotland.”

Scottish Recovery Consortium Chief Executive, Jardine Simpson, said: “Scottish Recovery Consortium welcomes and supports Police Scotland’s Test of Change on Naloxone. Officers trained to carry and use this life-saving, and safe, medication can only be seen as a positive in the need to reduce deaths from drug overdose. Nobody gets recovery if they have lost their life to overdose. The more people we help save then the more we can offer treatment and recovery to.

“Police Scotland’s public health approach to this issue is to be applauded; every drug overdose is an avoidable death and this approach will save lives.”

Assistant Chief Constable Gary Ritchie, Police Scotland Head of Drug Strategy, said: “As work progresses to implement the pilot project, the Naloxone Delivery Steering Group has received significant support from the public, as well as key partners, such as the Scottish Government, the Drug Deaths Taskforce, and third sector groups, including recovery communities.

“While one of the key aims of this project is to ascertain how often officers may require to use Naloxone in the course of their duties, another is to address, and reduce, the stigma relating to drug use, which may prevent people living with addiction from seeking the life-changing help they need. As a consequence, another intended outcome is to improve relationships between communities impacted by problematic drug use as part of our public health drugs strategy.

“A great deal of work went into assessing the available information around the safety of intra-nasal Naloxone sprays prior to the pilot being approved. The medication will have virtually no effect on anyone who hasn’t taken opioids, and for someone suffering from an overdose, it can buy them essential time before the ambulance service arrives to deliver advanced medical treatments.”

More information about the Naloxone Test of Change can be found on the Police Scotland website.

 **Intra-nasal Naloxone spray device**
