```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after teenager robbed of belongings in East Kilbride
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/appeal-after-teenager-robbed-of-belongings-in-east-kilbride/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was the victim of a robbery in East Kilbride.

The incident happened shortly after 10pm on Friday, 20 November, 2020, in the Penfold Crescent area when a 16-year-old boy was attacked by five youths as he walked in the direction of Quebec Drive.

The boy was assaulted and had a rucksack which he was wearing stolen from him. This contained personal belongings which have not yet been traced.

The group of suspects are described as being made up of 4 males and 1 female, all aged in their mid to late teens. They were wearing dark coloured clothing and one of the male suspects was wearing a red hooded tracksuit and black coloured jacket.

The victim sustained facial injuries but did not require hospital treatment.

Detective Constable Gary Milligan from Cambuslang Police Station said: "We know that this happened when the area was dark however it did take place in a residential street and we are asking anyone who saw or heard anything connected to the incident to come forward.

"The teenager was thankfully not seriously injured but the group who attacked him used a level of violence that is wholly unacceptable. We would ask anyone who may have come across the rucksack discarded since, or who knows who may be responsible for this robbery, to come forward.

"Anyone who may not have seen the incident, but who recognises the description of the suspects, or who saw this group in the area immediately prior to, or after the attack, are also urged to speak to officers. Equally anyone with private CCTV or doorbell recordings should check their devices for any footage and provide this to police as soon as possible."

Those with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 4015 of 20 November. Alternatively an anonymous report can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
