```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following the theft of three Ford Fiestas, East Lothian
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-following-the-theft-of-three-ford-fiestas-east-lothian/
```

**Published 21 January 2020**

Police in East Lothian are appealing for information following the theft of three Ford Fiestas from outside properties in Tranent and Musselburgh.

The thefts are believed to have taken place overnight between Monday 20 January and Tuesday 21 January.

A red Ford Fiesta (SJ17 BLC) was last seen on Faside Crescent, Tranent, around 8pm. A grey Ford Fiesta (SG16 UVV) was last seen in the Campie Road area of Musselburgh around 6.30pm. While the final car, a blue Ford Fiesta (HX16 CTZ), was parked in West Holmes Gardens, Musselburgh, around 2pm yesterday.

One potential lead is that the owner of the car stolen from West Holmes Gardens believes they saw flashing orange lights outside their home at around 11pm last night.

Detective Sergeant Gavin Morrison, from Musselburgh CID, said: “We’re appealing for anyone with information about these thefts, which we believe to be linked, to come forward.

“Officers are carrying out enquiries in the areas and we are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything suspicious, or people with CCTV footage near the streets in question, which may assist us in tracing the cars.

“At this time, I’d also want to advise other Ford owners in the area to take extra care securing your vehicles and to ensure you remain vigilant over the coming days.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Police on 101, quoting incidents 0420, 0460 and 0763 of 20 January. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, if you wish to remain anonymous.
