```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for witnesses following disturbance within a flat on Pollokshaws Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-disturbance-within-a-flat-on-pollokshaws-road-glasgow/
```

Officers in Glasgow are appealing for witnesses following an incident which occurred in the Shawlands area in the early hours of Monday, 31 August, 2020.

Around 2am police were called to a report of a disturbance within a flat in Pollokshaws Road, across from the Linen 1906 bar.

It is believed several members of the public witnessed the incident which could be seen at a window on the second floor of the building.

Two men are reported to have gained access to the property to offer assistance.

A 28-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and was due before Glasgow Sheriff Court on Tuesday, 1 September, 2020.

Detective Sergeant Scott Brockie from Greater Glasgow’s Public Protection Unit said: “We understand that there were several witnesses to this incident and would like to speak to anyone who may have information about what happened.

“We would ask the two men who managed to gain entry to the property to contact police. It has also been reported that members of the public may have footage of the incident on their mobile phones and we would ask them to come forward to assist with our investigation.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Greater Glasgow’s Public Protection Unit through 101, quoting reference number 0219 of Monday, 31 August, 2020. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
