```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Fife public thanked for staying at home
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/fife-public-thanked-for-staying-at-home/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

People living and working in Fife are being thanked for their ongoing commitment to slowing the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) by staying at home and sticking to physical distancing guidance.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent Derek McEwan is urging communities across the kingdom to continue adhering to the restrictions to protect the NHS and save lives.

Ch Supt McEwan said: “We are so appreciative of the support and dedication shown by people in our villages and towns who have changed their lives so dramatically in recent times, as well as rallying to help vulnerable friends, neighbours or family members.

“As the Chief Constable made clear earlier today, the co-operation we’ve seen from our communities is generally very high around Scotland, but we need this level of compliance with the guidance to continue.

“Despite the challenges individuals and organisations are facing as a result of coronavirus (COVID-19), and the changes we’ve all had to make to how we live our lives, Police Scotland remains committed to its day-to-day work. We are here for anyone who may be at risk of harm, or who has been a victim of crime. We are still here to help.

“Our officers are also highly visible in our communities, and will engage with people, explain new legislation to them, and encourage anyone who may not be complying to act responsibly and return home. It is only as a last resort that they will turn to enforcement action.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here
