```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '30'
  month: October
  reference: '4610'
title: Serious sexual assault in Derwent Avenue, Dundee
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/serious-sexual-assault-in-derwent-avenue-dundee/
```

Detectives are continuing their enquiries following a serious sexual assault on a 33 year-old woman in Dundee on Friday, 30 October, 2020.

Between 11pm and 11.50pm on Friday evening, the 33 year-old woman was in Derwent Avenue, when she was approached by a man who subjected her to a serious sexual assault.

The suspect is described as a white, aged 30-50 years with a stocky build.

Officers are working closely with the woman, ensuring that she is receiving the support she requires at this time.

Detective Inspector Keith Anderson said: “A significant number of inquiries are being carried out in order to identify the man responsible for this attack. Specialist officers have been carrying out house to house inquiries and they are studying CCTV footage from in and around the area to gather additional information.

“This is a busy residential area and we are extremely keen to seek the assistance of the public. I am urging anyone who was in the area of Derwent Avenue late on Friday night who saw anyone acting suspiciously, or who has any information that may help our investigation to contact us as soon as possible. I would also urge anyone driving in that area of Dundee, who has dash-cam footage to come forward.

“This crime will no doubt be of concern to the local community, however I would like to reassure local residents that this is an isolated incident. We have additional officers patrolling the area, and anyone with concerns should have no hesitation in speaking to them.”

Anyone with information should contact officers through 101 quoting reference number 4610 of 30 October. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111 where information can be given anonymously.
