```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Significant drop in housebreakings across Lanarkshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/significant-drop-in-housebreakings-across-lanarkshire/
```

Reports of theft, vandalism and housebreakings in particular have seen a significant drop across Lanarkshire.

Crimes of common theft are down by more than 600 from 2,085 to 1,447 compared to the same period last year.

There have been more than 200 fewer incidents of vandalism - down from 2,858 to 2,603 from 1 April to September 30, 2020 against the same reporting period.

And, more than 100 fewer reports of housebreakings have also been recorded in the latest Management Information from Police Scotland – a drop from 528 to 422.

Lanarkshire’s divisional commander, Chief Superintendent Alan Waddell said: “These figures are to be welcomed. We remain focused on preventing crime and fewer crimes have a direct and positive impact on our communities and I hope it assures them of our commitment to keep them safe.

“We have not reneged on that commitment despite the public health crisis. Officers and staff have been putting themselves in harm’s way to maintain the safety of our communities while they too have been living through these unprecedented times.

“We continue to work with our communities, listening to their concerns and gathering information and intelligence. While other crimes return to pre-lockdown levels, we will remain visible, accessible and alert to those intent on causing harm. Lanarkshire has no place for criminals and we will not tolerate them in our communities.”

Crimes of fraud and online child abuse continue to rise sharply across the country.

Reports of fraud have increased by 45.4% in the first six months of 2020-21 compared to the same period last year and are 83.4% above the five year average.

Online child abuse is up by 18.4% year on year and by 35.8% when compared to the five year average during the same period.

Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor said: “The rapid increase in online abuse and exploitation of vulnerable people and children, either for financial gain or for sexual purposes, underlines that policing must continue to operate in public, private and, increasingly, in virtual spaces to provide education, re-assurance and enforcement.

“Our investment in specialist areas continues to uncover significant additional and, as yet, not fully quantified policing needs and requirements. In September, we published our ambitious cyber strategy which sets a clear direction for how we will tackle the threat, risk and harm from digitally-enabled crimes.”

The Performance Report will be presented to the Scottish Police Authority’s Policing Performance Committee on Tuesday, 17 November.
