```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after two men attacked on John Finnie Street, Kilmarnock
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-after-two-men-attacked-on-john-finnie-street-kilmarnock/
```

Police are appealing for information after two men were attacked in Kilmarnock on Saturday, 8 August, 2020.

Around 10 pm on Saturday night, two men, aged 43 and 31 years, were walking along John Finnie Street near Bank Place, Kilmarnock, when they were approached and then attacked by two men.

The suspects are described as white, one with blond hair and wearing dark shorts, and the other wearing a white t-shirt. They both ran off along John Finnie Street towards the bowling alley after the incident.

Detective Sergeant Andrea Templeton, East Ayrshire CID, said:

"The two lads had been out with their girlfriends for the night and were in John Finnie Street to try and get a taxi when the two suspects came up to them. Then, for whatever reason, they attacked the 31-year-old man causing him to fall to the ground. His friend, the 43-year-old man, went to his aid, but he too was then punched to the ground and assaulted.

"He was taken by ambulance to Crosshouse Hospital for treatment for what turned out later to be serious head injuries. He has since been discharged.

"The 31-year-old man did not require medical treatment.

"At this time of night, John Finnie Street is very busy and I am sure someone will have either seen the fight take place, or maybe passing cars might have caught the incident on their dash-cams.

"If you have any information that will assist officers with their investigation, then please contact officers at Kilmarnock Police Station via 101 quoting reference number 4749 of Saturday, 8 August, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
