```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '5'
  month: December
  reference: 0914
title: Robbery - Burnside Gardens, Portlethen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/robbery-burnside-gardens-portlethen/
```

Detective officers are appealing for the help of the public following an assault and robbery in Portlethen on Saturday, 5 December, 2020.

Around 9.29am officers received the report of a 23-year-old man having been assaulted and robbed at his home address in Burnside Gardens in Portlethen. The victim was assaulted and had his phone and money stolen in the robbery. As a result of the attack he received cuts and bruising to his face.

Detective Constable Wallace Dickson at Aberdeen CID said: “There appears to have been four people, two men and two women at the scene of this attack. The men are only described as one wearing a black jacket with a grey hooded top underneath and second man was wearing a grey tracksuit.

“The two women who were in the company of these two men are only described as one wearing light coloured trousers and a dark jacket with a fur lined hood. The second woman was wearing a black jacket and black coloured tracksuit bottoms with a white stripe down the legs. It is believed that all four got into a dark coloured Vauxhall Corsa following the attack.

“I would ask anyone who may have been in the area of Burnside Gardens on Saturday morning, or anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the area at that time to come forward and call us on the 101 number, quoting incident number 0914 of 5 December.”
