```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Public thanked for making significant sacrifices
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/public-thanked-for-making-significant-sacrifices/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent John Paterson has thanked people in Argyll and West Dunbartonshire who continue to make significant sacrifices to their lives to comply with the requirement to stay at home.

The divisional commander has also urged people to stick with the physical distancing to protect the NHS and save lives.

He said: “Police Scotland officers are out on the street round the clock, engaging with our fellow citizens, explaining the legislation and encouraging compliance.

“The public’s response has been excellent and the vast majority have accepted the police advice being given.

“Only on the rare occasion have we had to revert to a warning or enforcement where people have continued to defy the very clear instructions.

“Even as the warm weather continues, it is vital that we stick with the physical distancing guidance and legal requirement to stay at home, which is the key intervention that can be made at this time.

“The Chief Constable has been clear that everyone - including police officers - must take a common sense approach to this.

“Only leave the house for very limited purposes, including buying basic necessities, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work where you cannot work at home.

“Avoid driving as much as possible. Use spaces close to home for exercise and do not drive for leisure.

“Our officers are patrolling key locations across the division and continuing to engage with the public in some of the parks and outdoor areas that would normally be busy at this time of year.

“Local policing and road policing officers are also out on trunk roads to ensure that those who are making those essential journeys are driving safely.

“I am grateful for the continued co-operation and support from the public as we work together to protect the NHS and save lives.”

Figures released today show that 152 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Argyll and West Dunbartonshire between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
