```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '6'
  month: October
  reference: '3321'
  year: '2020'
title: Appeal continues after high value housebreaking in Lanarkshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-continues-after-high-value-housebreaking-in-lanarkshire/
```

Police in Lanarkshire are continuing their appeal for information after a housebreaking in Bothwell where high value jewellery was stolen.

The incident happened around 7.20pm on Tuesday, 6 October, on Blantyre Road. Three masked men entered the house, stole jewellery worth a six figure sum and left just before 8pm.

Enquiries have now established the two vehicles believed to be involved were a black Audi A4 estate and a white Audi A5 sportback.

The white Audi was seen parked outside the house before driving off at speed at 7.50pm and around five minutes later, the black Audi was also spotted nearby.

The three men were all dressed in black.

Sergeant John Watson, of Airdrie CID, said: "Our enquiries have been ongoing since this was reported to us and we now know the full make and model of two cars possibly linked to the incident.

"We are asking the public for help to find out more details about the occupants of the cars or any other information related to the incident.

"I'd ask people who live in the area to check any private CCTV and dashcam footage in case it has inadvertently picked up any suspicious activity.

"I would also ask any dog walkers, cyclists or anyone in the area of Station Road, Blantyre Road and Castle Avenue if they saw anything unusual to contact us."

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 3321 of 6 October 2020.
