```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drugs recoveries in Bellshill and Motherwell
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/drugs-recoveries-in-bellshill-and-motherwell/
```

Officers from Lanarkshire’s Divisional Alcohol and Violence Reduction Unit have recovered drugs with an estimated street value of five hundred and twenty thousand pounds (£520,000) following two operations in Bellshill and Motherwell.

The first recovery took place on the afternoon of Wednesday, 20 January, when officers acting on warrant searched a house on Motherwell Road, Bellshill. They recovered a quantity of drugs believed to be Heroin, Cocaine, Cannabis, Amphetamine and Valium with an estimated street value of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds (£265,000). Among the other items seized was a five-figure sum of cash.

Two men aged 37 and 45 years were arrested and charged in connection with this recovery. They were due before Hamilton Sheriff Court on Friday, 22 January, 2021. A full report has been forwarded to the Procurator Fiscal.

The second recovery took place on the morning of Saturday 23 January at a house on Dalriada Crescent, Motherwell. Officers acting on warrant searched a property and recovered a quantity of drugs, believed to be Cannabis with an estimated street value of two hundred and fifty five thousand pounds (£255,000).

No arrests have been made at this time in connection with this recovery and our enquiries are continuing.

Sergeant Thomas Cairns said: “These high-value recoveries show our commitment to detecting and disrupting the supply and production of drugs in Lanarkshire. We will continue to work to disrupt supply routes and protect those in our local communities who are affected by the illicit drug trade.

“We rely on the support of the public to build intelligence on drug-related issues so that we can act on their concerns. I would urge anyone who is aware of any information about the supply of drugs to report the matter to officers through 101. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.”
