```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '12'
  month: December
  reference: '0334'
title: Car deliberately set on fire in Carlisle Road, Hamilton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/car-deliberately-set-on-fire-in-carlisle-road-hamilton/
```

**Car deliberately set on fire in Hamilton**

Detectives are continuing enquiries after a car was set alight in Hamilton on 12 December, 2020.

Around 1.35am, police received a report a car was on fire in Carlisle Road. The car, a Range Rover, was parked in a driveway. No-one was injured in the incident but enquiries have revealed this was a deliberate act.

Officers have been carrying out door-to-door enquiries and are still reviewing CCTV images from in and around the area.

A man is seen running from Carlisle Road towards the Chatelherault area of Hamilton following the incident. He has a slim build and was wearing dark clothing, including a black balaclava and a black Parka jacket with a fur trimmed hood.

Detective Inspector Susie Cairns said: There has been a lot of speculation around the motive for this attack and we are not ruling anything out. That’s why it’s important that if anyone has any information regarding this crime, I need them to pass it on. It could help us piece together exactly what has happened and why. From our enquiries, we know several cars and a cyclist were in the area around the time of the incident and I would appeal directly to those people to get in touch. In particular, to motorists who have dash cams. Please check your footage as it may have images which could assist us in identifying who is responsible for this crime.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident number 0334 of 12 December, 2020. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where you can give your information anonymously.
