```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after firearms incident in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/appeal-after-firearms-incident-in-glasgow/
```

**Published 17 January 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information after a firearm was discharged at a property on Salmona Street in the Hamiltonhill area of the city.

The incident happened around 11.30pm on Thursday, 16 January.

No one was injured and extensive enquiries are ongoing, including a review of CCTV and officers going door to door in the area.

The shots were fired by persons who exited a dark coloured four door car before returning to the waiting vehicle

This car then left the area in the direction of Auckland Street.

Detective Inspector John Morrison of Glasgow CID said: "The information we have gathered so far leads me to believe that this was targeted and not a random attack.

"While there was no one injured, it should go without saying that discharging a firearm like this in a built up area is an incredibly reckless act.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in the area and who witnessed the car on Salmona Street or the surrounding area on Thursday night to come forward.

"I would also ask anyone who has private CCTV to check the footage for anything of significance which may assist our enquiries. If you were driving in the area and your car is equipped with a dashcam I would also ask you to check the footage too.

"Patrols will be carried out by uniformed officers in the area to provide reassurance while we continue with our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 3870 of 16 January, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
