```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: January
  reference: '1988'
  year: '2020'
title: Updated appeal - housebreaking in Inverness
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/updated-appeal-housebreaking-in-inverness/
```

**Published 13 January 2020**

Police in Inverness are issuing new information as part of their investigation into a housebreaking where a quantity of jewellery was stolen.

Following further enquiries, it's been established the incident happened between 9.47am and 10.05am on Friday, 3 January 2020, within a house on Annfield Road.

A description of two male suspects has also been established by detectives.

The first suspect is described as slim wearing light coloured jeans, a dark jacket with a white hood over the top and a dark hat with a red logo on one side. He also had a dark rucksack on his back.

The second suspect is described as slim but shorter than the first man. He was wearing light coloured jeans with a dark jacket with a hood up or hat on and dark gloves.

The total cost of the jewellery isn't known however an emerald ring, a Topaz ring and a brown pearl necklace were amongst the seven items stolen.

Detective Constable Joanna MacLeod, of Inverness CID, said: "Our enquiries have led us to a specific time frame and description of the suspects. Hopefully this helps any potential witnesses and if anyone remembers seeing two men matching those descriptions around that time, or any suspicious behaviour, please contact us."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 1988 of 3 January 2020 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
