```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Drugs recovered in search of two houses in Dundee
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/drugs-recovered-in-search-of-two-houses-in-dundee/
```

On Friday, 16 October, 2020, officers executed warrants at two houses in Dundee as part of an intelligence-led operation, recovering a significant quantity of drugs.

During a search of a property in Helmsdale Crescent cocaine, with an estimated street value of £30,000, was recovered. A small quantity of cannabis was also found.

A 33-year-old man was arrested and charged in connection with the recovery and was released on an undertaking to appear in court at a later date.

During a search of a house in Beauly Avenue a bag of white substance, which is still to be verified, as well as a four figure sum of money was recovered.

A 31-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident and enquiries are continuing.

A full report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.

Sergeant Chris Grieve from Dundee Police Station said: “Officers are committed to tackling drugs supply and are working within the local community on a daily basis to disrupt and deter offenders.

“Drugs can have a devastating impact on people and their families and the support we receive from members of the public is vital in helping us put a stop to these activities.

“Anyone with information or concerns regarding drugs activity in their area can contact Police Scotland through 101. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be given in confidence.”
