```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Suspicious car fires - East Kilbride
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/suspicious-car-fires-east-kilbride/
```

Officers are seeking the help of the public following an incident in the early hours of this morning, where two cars were set alight in East Kilbride. About 12.30am on Thursday, 15 October, 2020, two cars which were parked in driveways in Mackenzie Gardens in East Kilbride were found to be on fire. The fires were extinguished by the Fire and Rescue Service, but not before they were totally destroyed. Subsequent examination of the scene indicate that the fires were set deliberately.

Detective Sergeant Craig Melrose at Cambuslang CID said: “This was an extremely dangerous act which could have had very serious consequences. We are carrying our door to door enquiries and CCTV in the area is being reviewed. We are keen to trace the occupants of a silver coloured car which was seen driving into Mackenzie Gardens around this time, which had at least two occupants. I would appeal to anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious around this time to get in touch with us. I would also ask for anyone driving in this area in a vehicle fitted with a dash-cam device around this time to check their device to see if it holds any footage which might assist in the investigation. Callers can use the 101 number, and should give the reference number 0026 of 15 October.” Anyone wishing to pass on any information while remaining anonymous can do so through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
