```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for witnesses after incident involving two cars in Barmulloch, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-after-incident-involving-two-cars-in-barmulloch-glasgow/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following an incident involving two cars in the Barmulloch area of Glasgow on Monday, 21 December, 2020.

Around 2.30pm a man was in a black Volkswagen Passat on Rye Road, near to Rye Crescent, when a silver 4x4 vehicle pulled up alongside him.

The two men in the silver vehicle were wearing black balaclavas and behaved in a threatening manner towards the man, who then drove off at speed.

The suspects pursued the man along Rye Road and onto Wallacewell Road before losing sight of him.

Constable Simon Shepherd from Easterhouse Police Station said: “This was a terrifying experience for the victim and enquiries are ongoing to establish the fill circumstances surrounding the incident.

“The surrounding area would have been busy at the time with people arriving to collect their children from school and I would urge any witnesses to come forward.

“If you were on or near to Rye Road around 2.30pm last Monday and noticed the two vehicles driving at speed, or anything else which might be relevant, please get in touch.

“I would also urge any motorists with dash-cams who were in the area, or anyone with private CCTV, to check their footage in case they have captured anything which could assist our enquiries.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident number 1914 of Monday, 21 December, 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
