```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man sentenced after robbery and assault, Dumbarton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/man-sentenced-after-robbery-and-assault-dumbarton/
```

**Published 23 January 2020**

A 42-year-old man has been sentenced to eight years in prison after robbing and assaulting an elderly woman in her home in West Dunbartonshire.

Kevin McCallum broke into 85-year-old Barbara Slaven's house on Hawthornhill Road, Dumbarton, between 1.45am and 2.45am on Sunday 14 April 2019. He then assaulted her before ransacking the house and stealing items including jewellery. The victim was taken to Royal Alexandra Hospital with serious head and facial injuries.

Enquiries were carried out and a warrant was executed at McCallum's address the following week where officers recovered the jewellery. McCallum was arrested and charged and appeared at the High Court in Glasgow on 19 December 2019 where he was convicted of robbery and assault. McCallum was sentenced to eight years in prison and three years on licence.

Detective Constable Iain Allison, of Clydebank Police Station, said:

"This was a despicable act carried out on one of the most vulnerable people in our society who suffers from dementia and was completely helpless to McCallum's actions.

"I would like to thank our colleagues in forensic services who worked tirelessly to analyse DNA samples in a short time frame to enable us to build a case against Kevin McCallum. I would also like to thank the local community for providing us with information.

"Barbara's family asked us to use this photograph of Barbara's injuries to highlight what happened her. I hope the conviction and sentencing will provide some comfort to Barbara and her family."
