```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police launch an investigation after disorder at Celtic Park on Sunday, 29 November, 2020
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/police-launch-an-investigation-after-disorder-at-celtic-park-on-sunday-29-november-2020/
```

Following on from the disorder at Celtic Park in Glasgow on Sunday, 29 November, 2020, officers have launched an investigation to identify those responsible.

Chief Superintendent Mark Sutherland of Greater Glasgow Division said:

"It was utterly disgraceful to see the violent scenes at Celtic Park on Sunday evening.

"Three of our officers suffered injuries, albeit minor, as a result of the behaviour which took place.

"Abuse and assault is not simply part of the job for police officers and staff and will not be tolerated. The Chief Constable has made it clear that this is completely unacceptable and he has committed to reducing the impact of violence and improving the safety of officers and staff.

“We have now launched an investigation to identify those who were involved in the disorder and violence towards police officers, players and officials.

“My message is clear, you won’t get away with it, don’t think just because you weren’t arrested last night does not mean you escaped. If you are identified as being involved, you will be arrested.

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information that will assist this investigation to contact us through 101. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained."
