```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assault, Argyle Street, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-following-serious-assault-argyle-street-glasgow/
```

**Published 29 February 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for information following a serious assault in the city centre.

The incident happened around 7.50pm on Friday, 28 February, 2020 on Argyle Street at its junction with Jamaica Street near to McDonald’s and KFC.

A 16-year-old boy was assaulted by a group of youths who dragged him to the ground and stamped on his head leaving him with serious injuries.

He was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where he remains in a stable condition.

The suspects are described as being Asian boys aged 15-18 years old, all were of a slim build. At the time of the incident one suspect was wearing a green tracksuit with a black body warmer. Another wore a light grey hooded top and a third had on a royal blue waterproof jacket. The rest were dressed in dark tracksuits.

Detective Sergeant Gordon Walker of Glasgow City Centre CID said: “This was despicable behaviour which will not be tolerated. Enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances leading up to the assault.

“There would have been a number of people in the area around the time of the incident and we are keen to talk to anyone who may have seen anything or who may have recorded the incident on their mobile phones.

“The incident took place right in the middle of the roadway so we are also appealing to anyone who may have dashcam footage of what happened to let us know.

Those with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 3454 of Friday, 28 February or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 55 111.
