```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious assault - Penilee, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/serious-assault-penilee-glasgow/
```

**Published 27 April**

Police are appealing for information after a woman was slashed in an attack in Penilee on Sunday, 26 April, 2020.

Around 9.30 pm last night, a 53-year-old woman was walking her dog, a Yorkshire Terrier, along Bowfield Avenue, near to Bowfield Crescent, when a man came at her with a knife and slashed her causing injury to her head and hands. He then ran off towards the lock-ups on Bowfield Avenue. She managed to get help nearby by and an ambulance was called and she was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Govan where she remains for treatment. Medical staff describe her condition as stable.

Detective Constable Stuart Welsh, Govan CID, said:

"This was a shocking and terrifying assault on this woman. We are still trying to establish why the man targeted her. So far there are no obvious reasons, however, one line of enquiry is that her attacker either mistook her for someone else or that he believed she knew the intended target and that this was some kind of message.

"Whatever the reason, this poor lady is now permanently scarred. It is imperative that we catch the man responsible.

"The only description we have at the moment is that he was white, about 6ft in height and was wearing all black clothing.

"Although this happened around 9.30 pm, it was still quite bright and with the weather being so good, I am sure there would have been a few people in the area at the time.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in Bowfield Avenue or Crescent, maybe saw the attack or the man hanging about the area to come forward. Do you have dash-cam footage of the street around that time? Do you have CCTV footage from your home that would help identify the man?

"If you have any information you think might assist our enquiry then please get in touch. Information can be passed to officers at Govan CID via 101. Please quote reference number 3742 of 26 April 2020 when calling. Alternatively, details can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

The dog was not injured during the attack.
