```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '14'
  month: April
  reference: '1476'
  year: '2020'
title: Robbery - Maryhill, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/robbery-maryhill-glasgow/
```

**Published 14 April 2020**

Police Scotland officers are appealing for information following a robbery at a shop in Maryhill, Glasgow on Tuesday, 14 April, 2020.

Around 12.50 pm on Tuesday, 14 April, two male teenagers entered TS Newsagents, Celtic Street, Maryhill. They threatened the 47-year-old shopkeeper with knives and stole a quantity of cigarettes and cash before leaving the shop.

The two suspects are described as white, mid to late teens with Scottish accents. Both had their faces covered and one was wearing a black jacket and the other a green jacket.

The suspects came from the area of Maryhill Park past the Rams Head Bar on Maryhill Road before entering the shop. They made off past the Rams Head Bar and back into Maryhill Park after the incident.

PC Andy Reid of Greater Glasgow Community Investigation Unit said:

"Although the shopkeeper was not physically injured in this incident, it was a very frightening experience for him. I am appealing for anyone who may have been in the area of Maryhill Road close to Celtic Street or within Maryhill Park shortly before or after the incident and may have noticed anyone matching the description in the area to contact police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 1476 of 14 April 2020 or via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where anonymity can be maintained.
