```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Robbery - Castlemilk, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/robbery-castlemilk-glasgow/
```

**Published 10 March 2020**

Officers are appealing for witnesses after a robbery on a bus travelling from Glasgow City Centre to Castlemilk.

Around 8pm on Wednesday, 4th of March, two men aged 24 and 28 years were travelling on the upper deck of the number 72 First Bus in Glasgow City Centre, where they were subjected to racial abuse from two men and one woman who got on the bus in Union Street.

Around 8.50pm, as the two men went to get off the bus in Dougrie Road, Castlemilk, the same three suspects grabbed their phones and a backpack off them, then followed them off the bus and assaulted them. The three people responsible for this attack were last seen making off onto the B766.

The suspects were in their late teens to early 20s and are described as:
1\. Woman - white, around 5ft 8ins in height and of slim build with blonde hair worn in a ponytail. She was wearing a yellow hooded top and black tracksuit trousers.
2\. Man – white, very tall and of slim build with broken teeth. He was wearing a black baseball cap, a black hooded top, black tracksuit trousers and black and white trainers.
3\. Man – white, heavy build with a tattoo on his right elbow. He was wearing a white t-shirt, black tracksuit trousers and a black baseball cap.

Constable Sean Kennedy of Greater Glasgow Division’s robber Unit said: “This was a very aggressive and frightened attack on these two young men, who were simply travelling home. To subject anyone to racial abuse then attack them is completely unacceptable. The three people responsible must be caught.

“I am appealing to anyone who was at the bus stop in Union Street at the four corners, or anyone travelling on this bus at the time to come forward, as they may have information that will assist our investigation. I’d also like to hear from anyone with information on the identity of these three people.”

Anyone with information should contact officers through 101 quoting reference number 3778 of 4th March.
