```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Stephen Reed convicted of serious domestic offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/stephen-reed-convicted-of-serious-domestic-offences/
```

**Published 13 February 2020**

Police Scotland has acknowledged the sentencing of Stephen Reed who committed a number of serious domestic offences over a 15 year period.

The 54-year-old from Ayrshire was found guilty following a trial of 11 charges, including rapes and indecent assaults. His offending also included assaults, including on children.

His offending took place against three women and a number of children. They were committed between 2000 and 2015 in Ayrshire and in Northumberland.

Reed was the subject of an investigation by officers from Police Scotland's Domestic Abuse Task Force, who worked closely with Northumbria Constabulary to support the victims throughout.

He was sentenced today (Thursday, 13 February) at the High Court in Glasgow to 10 years imprisonment.

Detective Inspector Iain Renfrew of the Domestic Abuse Task Force said:

"Police Scotland is committed to working alongside other police forces and partner agencies in bringing domestic offenders to justice and supporting victims of domestic abuse.

"This conviction recognises the serious of Reed's crimes and the courage of his former partners and their children in giving evidence. It sends out a clear message that domestic abuse will not be tolerated and offenders will be prosecuted to the fullest extent.

"Victims of domestic abuse should have confidence that the police will make to investigate their reports robustly and sensitively when they feel ready to come forward and will work to bring offenders to justice."
