```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Dumfries and Galloway Q3 stats released
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/dumfries-and-galloway-q3-stats-released/
```

**Published 24 February 2020**

Sexual crimes are down significantly in Dumfries and Galloway and there have been fewer serious assaults, according to Police Scotland figures.

The number of sexual crimes fell from 392 to 311 and there were nine fewer serious assaults in the nine months to December 31, 2019, when compared to the same period last year.

Total crimes of indecent/sexual assault are also down from 155 to 138 and crimes of fire-raising have dropped from 986 to 971.

There has been one homicide, no crimes of attempted murder and 11 more recorded crimes of rape from April to December last year.

There have been 24 fewer housebreakings and 35 fewer crimes of offensive/bladed weapons. Total drugs crimes have increased by 26 and there was a marginal drop in the supply of drugs with four fewer crimes taking place.

Chief Superintendent Linda Jones, of Dumfries and Galloway Division, said: “These latest figures reflect the improving picture of policing in Dumfries and Galloway. I am pleased at the progress being made to keep our communities safe and remain dedicated to bringing positive change to those areas which need addressed.

“Police Scotland has the best of local and the strength of national – that’s local access to specialist services whose expertise can be drawn upon to support local initiatives. I will maximise this service to deploy targeted action plans to reduce those areas of violence which threaten the safety of our communities.

“I will also continue to work with partners in public health to progress the best way forward in tackling drugs related crimes because policing alone cannot achieve that.”

Dumfries and Galloway’s figures come as Police Scotland published its 2019-20 Quarter 3 Performance Report today which revealed that there have been 1,313 crimes recorded against the Domestic Abuse (Scotland) Act 2018.

Introduced on 1 April 2019, the new Act criminalises the coercive and controlling behaviours used by domestic abusers, creating a single offence which covers the full range of abusive behaviours whether physical, psychological, financial or sexual.

The offence carries a maximum tariff of 14 years.

The Quarter 3 report will be presented to the Scottish Police Authority’s Policing Performance Committee on 27 February.
