```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '1'
  month: March
  reference: '1945'
title: Witness appeal after fatal road crash on A72
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/witness-appeal-after-fatal-road-crash-on-a72/
```

**Published 2 March 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for witnesses after an 82-year-old woman died following a serious road crash on the A72, near Innerleithen, on Sunday, 1 March, 2020.

The woman can be named as Annie Notman from Biggar.

The incident happened around 12.30pm and involved four cars - a black VW Polo, a blue Ford Fiesta, a red Fiat Panda and a silver Ford Focus.

Emergency services attended and the 82-year-old woman was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary with life-threatening injuries but passed away today (Monday, 2 March).

A 78-year-old woman and 53-year-old man were taken to hospital with serious injuries which are not thought to be life-threatening. A 60-year-old man was also taken to hospital but as a precaution.

The road was closed for seven hours whilst officers carried out their investigation.

Annie's family said: "Annie was a much loved and devoted sister, mother, grandmother and great granny. She will be missed by all." The family have requested their privacy be respected at this time.

Road Policing Sergeant Paul Ewing said: "Our deepest sympathies are with the family and friends of Annie and we are working to establish exactly what happened.

"Members of the public came to help the injured people following the crash and we have managed to speak to them about what they saw. However, we are still keen to hear from anyone else who may have been in the area at the time, or may have been driving behind the cars involved.

"If you have any information that may assist our investigation, including dash-cam footage, please contact police on 101 as soon as possible, quoting reference number 1945 of 1 March."
