```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after armed robbery on King Street in Bathgate
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/appeal-after-armed-robbery-on-king-street-in-bathgate/
```

**Published 29 March 2020**

Police in West Lothian are appealing for information after an armed robbery at a pharmacy in Bathgate.

The incident happened at a premises on King Street around 11.35am on Saturday, 28 March, 2020.

An unidentified man entered the store and presented a knife. He threatened staff before making off with various controlled drugs including pregabalin, diazepam and morphine.

He left the shop on foot and is believed to have headed in a westerly direction towards Edinburgh Road.

The man is described as being white, aged in his late 20s to early 30s, of a slim build and around 6ft 4in to 6ft 8in tall. He had a dark striped scarf covering his face and was wearing a dark baseball style cap, a grey hooded top with the hood up, dark jogging bottoms, blue Adidas trainers with white stripes and work style gloves.

Detective Sergeant Graham Garvie of West Lothian CID said: “Nobody was injured but this was a frightening experience for staff and customers alike.

“Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the man responsible, including reviewing CCTV from the area.

“Anyone who believes they may have information which could help identify the man or who was in the area at the time of the robbery or anyone who has dashcam footage is urged to contact police as soon as they can.

“I would also like to discourage anyone from purchasing any of the controlled drugs that have been described and would urge anyone who may be offered these to contact police immediately.”

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting incident 1259 of 28 March, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
