```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Road safety plea after high speeds detected
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/road-safety-plea-after-high-speeds-detected/
```

**Published 12 May 2020**

Police are urging motorists to drive safely after a number of people were charged in connection with high level speeding offences over the bank holiday weekend.

Between Friday 8 May and Sunday 10 May, 12 men were detected driving at speeds between 93mph and 111mph on the M876 J2 near Larbert. The men, aged between 19 and 66, will be reported to the Procurator Fiscal.

Other notable incidents across Scotland between Friday 8 May and Monday 11 May include:
• On 8 May a 47-year-old man was detected driving at 57mph in a 30mph limit on the A803 Bonnybridge.
• On 9 May, a 46-year-old man was detected driving at 55mph in the 30mph limit also on the A803 Bonnybridge.
• Also on 9 May, a 27-year-old man was detected driving at 119mph in a 70mph limit on the A90 near Blackdog, Aberdeenshire.
• On 10 May, a 21-year-old man was detected driving at 103mph in a 70mph limit on the M8 near Euro Central.
• On 11 May, a 29-year-old man was detected driving at 101mph in a 60mph limit on the A90 near Ellon, Aberdeenshire.

Chief Superintendent Louise Blakelock, Head of Road Policing said: “The dangers of speeding are well known and have been shown time and again as being a significant factor in fatal and serious injury collisions.

“Speeding increases your risk of being involved in a collision. With the current challenges facing us just now, we need to protect the NHS and save lives, therefore, drivers need to be more cautious and consider other road users.

“The high speeds detected over the weekend show that despite the clear risks involved a minority of drivers are still willing to take their chance. Officers will continue to patrol the road network to deter and detect illegal driving behaviour in an effort to keep the public safe.

"Additionally, the stay at home message from the Scottish Government is still in place, therefore, we would ask people to consider if their journey really is essential. If it is, drive safely.”
