```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '27'
  month: October
  reference: '2330'
title: Appeal for witnesses following crash involving police vehicle on Carmunnock Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-following-crash-involving-police-vehicle-on-carmunnock-road-glasgow/
```

Officers in Glasgow are appealing for information following a road crash on Carmunnock Road, Castlemilk which involved a police vehicle.

Around 5.35pm on Tuesday, 27 October, 2020, a police pursuit commenced after a Skoda car failed to stop on Stravanan Road. During the short pursuit a two-vehicle crash occurred on Carmunnock Road at its junction with Craiglinn Gardens, involving a Peugeot police car and a blue BMW 3 series. The BMW was not involved in the police pursuit of the Skoda car.

The driver of the Skoda car which was being pursued by officers failed to stop and did not return to the scene.

The 39-year-old male driver of the BMW, and the 10-year-old passenger, were taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital and Royal Hospital for Children, Glasgow, respectively.

Three male police officers were also taken to QEUH, Glasgow.

The road was closed for around three hours.

Chief Inspector Darren Faulds, of Glasgow’s Road Policing Unit, said: “Our enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the crash, along with the vehicle which failed to stop, are ongoing.

“I would urge anyone who may have witnessed the crash or was in the area around the time of the crash to contact police. Also, anyone with dash-cam footage which could assist our investigation should get in touch."

As is standard procedure, this matter has been referred to the Police Investigations & Review Commissioner (PIRC).

Anyone with information can contact police on 101, quoting incident number 2330 of 27 October.
