```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Wilful fire-raising on Lomond Road, Coatbridge
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/wilful-fire-raising-on-lomond-road-coatbridge/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after a Nissan Qashqai was deliberately set alight in Coatbridge on Saturday, 26 September, 2020.

The incident happened around 4.20pm on Saturday afternoon in the street outside a house in Lomond Road, Coatbridge.

Detective Constable Paul James, Coatbridge CID, said:

"Thankfully no one was injured as a result of this fire but the car was completely burnt out. At the moment we don't know why this car was targeted, however, to set fire to a car in the middle of the afternoon on a busy street is quite brazen, not to mention dangerous.

"Although Lomond Road is mainly residential, there's a lot of through traffic and, at this time of the afternoon, I am sure there would have been a lot of people and traffic. We are appealing to anyone who may have seen any activity around the car at the time and to passing cars which may have dash-cam footage.

"Officers have been making local enquiries and checking CCTV and, as a result, are keen to speak to the occupants of a silver pick-up style vehicle that was seen on CCTV in the street at the time as they may have information that will assist our investigation."

Information can be passed to officers at Coatbridge Police Station via 101. Please quote incident number 2489 of 26 September, 2020, when calling. Alternatively, details can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
