```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Lee Thomson convicted of serious domestic offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/lee-thomson-convicted-of-serious-domestic-offences/
```

Police Scotland has acknowledged the conviction of Lee Thomson who has today been sentenced in relation to a number of serious domestic offences.

The 49-year-old was sentenced today (Friday, 11 December) to an order of lifelong restriction, with a minimum term of six years.

He was previously found guilty following a trial at the High Court in Aberdeen of a catalogue of offences.

His crimes were committed against three women and were committed between 2003 - 2018.

Detective Sergeant Gordon Patullo of Police Scotland's Domestic Abuse Task Force said: “Lee Thomson’s offending took place over a number of years against three women which until now went largely unpunished.

"Thomson’s offending included sustained violence and sexual abuse of his victims. He is a dangerous, manipulative individual who went to extraordinary lengths to monitor and control these women. With this sentence of an order of lifelong restriction, Thomson will face the consequences of his actions for many years.

"His conviction sends out a clear message that domestic abuse crimes will be robustly investigated by Police Scotland.

"I would like to thank the victims in this case for the strength and dignity they have shown throughout this investigation and subsequent court case and I hope that today's sentencing provides them with some closure which will allow them to move on with their lives.

"We would take this opportunity to reach out to anyone who is experiencing or has experienced domestic abuse; it is never too late to report to the police or seek support and advice from one of our partner agencies such as Women's Aid."
