```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Woman named following fatal road crash in Bathgate
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/woman-named-following-fatal-road-crash-in-bathgate/
```

**Published 9 July 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm the identity of a woman who died as a result of a road crash on the on the A7066 near Bathgate.

She was Fiona Reid aged 37 from Seafield, West Lothian.

The crash took place around 4.30pm on Monday, 6 July, 2020 involving three cars and two motorbikes. Fiona was the driver on one of the cars and died in hospital on Tuesday, 8 July, 2020.

Her family has asked that the following statement is released through Police Scotland:

“We are shocked and heartbroken at the loss of Fiona. She was a beautiful, caring woman who was loved by many.

“The family would like to extend their thanks to everyone who has contacted them with kind messages of support, it just shows how much Fiona was admired.

“We would also like to thank the emergency services and other motorists at the scene who assisted Fiona.

“This has been a major shock to us and we would appreciate our privacy at this time.”

Sergeant Paul Ewing, of Lothians Road Policing said: “Our thoughts are with the family and friends of those involved with this incident.

“We have already spoken to a number of witnesses about the crash but would still appeal to anyone who has any information on exactly what happened.

“I would also ask anyone that has any dashcam footage that could assist with our investigation to get in contact.

“Police can be contacted on 101 quoting incident number 2397 of Monday, 6 July, 2020."
