```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Statement from Chief Constable on cornonavirus (COVID-19)
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/statement-from-chief-constable-on-cornonavirus-covid-19/
```

**Published 21 March 2020**

Chief Constable Iain Livingstone QPM said: "I fully support the instruction from the UK and Scottish Governments for public houses, cafes, restaurants and other entertainment venues to close.

"I would like to thank the overwhelming majority of people who are already complying for their assistance and co-operation.

"The response to coronavirus has been fast moving and I would urge everyone to do what they can to comply with the advice from government and the health service to keep people safe.

"You should also stay informed about developments and reflect on the implications of them on how you go about your lives during these difficult days.

"To be clear, no public houses or other entertainment venues should be opening for patrons until further notice.

"Our dedicated officers and staff are working round the clock to support the magnificent work of health professionals and wider society as we work collectively to protect our fellow citizens.

"I urge everyone to play their part in the national effort.

"We are aware of proposed legislation in relation to COVID-19 and are carefully monitoring its progress and considering what the implications for policing will be.

"In the meantime, those breaking the law will be dealt with appropriately to ensure the public is kept safe from risk and harm as we continue to police the country.

"I am grateful to all our officers and staff who continue to deliver an absolutely first class service in these challenging conditions for their continued dedication, hard work and support.

"We will continue to focus on public service and, by working together, we will come through this."
