```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three arrested for hare coursing in Angus
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/three-arrested-for-hare-coursing-in-angus/
```

Two men aged 40 and 33, along with a 13-year-old boy were arrested on Sunday, 8 November, 2020 for alleged hare coursing in a field between Forfar and Kirriemuir.

Two lurcher-type dogs, along with a car were seized. These will be held while further enquiries are made.

Both men have been charged and released on an undertaking to appear at Forfar Sheriff Court at a later date. The 13-year-old has been referred to the Youth Justice Assessor.

Forfar Community Policing Inspector Nicky McGovern said:

“This has been an excellent piece of work by officers who moved very quickly to trace and apprehend the individuals involved and secure evidence relating to their illegal activities.

“I would also like to acknowledge the assistance of the public, as a number of people contacted us with vital information about the incident while it was taking place.

“Hare coursing along with other types of wildlife-related crime has a significant negative impact in rural communities with a range of offences being committed by those involved, which can include animal welfare offences, damage to property, road traffic offences, violent and threatening behaviour, and illicit gambling, as well as wildlife offences.

"I would ask anyone who suspects that hare coursing is taking place to phone 101 or 999 if the incident is ongoing. Also, if anyone has information regarding individuals whom they suspect of being involved in hare coursing, you can provide this anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
