```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Teenager found guilty of murder of man in East Kilbride
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/teenager-found-guilty-of-murder-of-man-in-east-kilbride/
```

**Published 21 January 2020**

A teenager who kicked a man to death in East Kilbride has today, Tuesday, 21 January, 2020 been convicted of murder.

Officers were called to Riverton Drive around 8.40pm on Saturday, 19 January, 2019, following a report of a body of a man being found.

He was found to have suffered serious injury and was pronounced dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service.

The 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested and charged the following Monday, and now following a week-long trial at the High Court in Glasgow, has been found guilty of murder.

The teenager initially tried to help Mr Sinclair who he found unresponsive on the street. After attempts to rouse him failed, the youth launched an unprovoked attack resulting in serious injuries that led to Mr Sinclair's death.

Detective Inspector Alan MacDonald of Lanarkshire CID: “This was a sustained and violent attack on a vulnerable individual who, on the night in question, needed the help of someone kind.

“Instead he died in the most brutal way, in an attack that has no justification. The accused has shown no remorse and offered no explanation for this senseless violence.

“I would like to thank responding officers and the investigative team for all their hard work on this case to get justice for Frank. Our thoughts remain with his family and my hope is the conviction today will bring some closure.”

Sentencing is due to take place at Edinburgh High Court next month.
