```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '19'
  month: November
  reference: '3302'
title: "Fatal road crash on M8 near Baillieston update \u2013 man identified"
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/fatal-road-crash-on-m8-near-baillieston-update-man-identified/
```

Police Scotland can confirm that a man who died in a fatal crash on the M8 on Thursday evening has now been identified.

Officers were called to the M8 near junction 8 for Baillieston at around 8.45pm on Thursday, 19 November, after a man was struck by a number of vehicles whilst walking on the live lane of the M8 westbound between junctions 7A and 8. He died at the scene.

The man has now been identified as a 43-year-old from the west of Scotland and his family have been informed.

The road was closed until 2pm on Friday, 20 November, and re-opened following collision investigation. Enquiries continue into the circumstances of the incident by Road Policing Officers.

Sergeant Scott Sutherland from Motherwell Road Policing Unit, said: “We have now identified the man involved in this crash and informed his family. Our thoughts continue to be with them at this time, along with those involved in this crash.

"I would like to thank those witnesses who have assisted with our enquiries so far and ask anyone who has yet to speak to officers and pass on relevant information to do this as soon as possible. I am particularly looking to speak with the driver of a red articulated HGV who we understand was travelling westbound on the M8 at the time of the collision and could have information to help the investigation.

"Anyone with information should report this to Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 3302 of 19 November.”
