```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '3'
  month: April
  reference: 0568
title: Appeal following serious assault in Pollockshields
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-pollockshields/
```

**Published 3 April 2020**

Officers in Glasgow are appealing for information following a serious assault in the Pollockshields area on Friday, 3 April, 2020.

The incident happened around 7.40am on Fotheringay Road. A 61-year-old man was assaulted in the doorway of his property by two suspects wearing high-visibility vests. He suffered serious facial injuries and was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment.

Following the attack, the male and female suspects got into a small black car which was parked nearby and drove in the direction of Springkell Avenue.

Enquiries into the incident are ongoing and detectives are appealing to members of the public who may have seen the two suspects or the vehicle in the area.

The male suspect is described as white and around 5 ft 8 ins. He was wearing a high-vis vest, a black baseball cap, dark blue tracksuit bottoms with a light blue stripe, a grey hooded jumper and a black scarf covering his face.

The female suspect is described as white and around 5 ft. She was wearing a high-vis vest, a black baseball cap, a grey tracksuit, black hat and a black scarf covering her face.

Detective Inspector Lynsey Watters, of Glasgow CID, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which has left the man with serious facial injuries.

"The two suspects were wearing high-visibility vests so it’s possible they were posing as workers in the area when they approached the man's door.

"I am appealing to nearby residents and members of the public who heard or saw any suspicious activity in the area to contact police urgently. I am also appealing to anyone who was driving in the area at the time and may have dash-cam footage of people or a car matching this description to get in touch.

"I'd like to reassure members of the public that this was an isolated incident and that behaviour like this will not be tolerated in our communities.

"If you have any information which could assist our investigation, please contact police on 101, quoting reference number 0568 of 3 April. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestopppers on 0800 555 111."
