```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assaults in the Whitehills area of Hamilton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-serious-assaults-in-the-whitehills-area-of-hamilton/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after two men were seriously injured following a disturbance in the Whitehills area of Hamilton.

The incident happened around 8.15pm on Monday, 28 December, 2020, in and around the play park at Backmuir Road in the town.

A 47-year-old man and a 41-year-old man were treated at Wishaw General hospital for serious injuries and officers are keen to establish the full circumstances of what happened.

A group of men, dressed in dark clothing and wearing face masks, were seen in the area. Some made off in a white van while others made off on foot.

Detective Constable Chelsea Stevens, of Cambuslang CID, said: “We are appealing for information relating to this incident in which two men were seriously injured. A number of people were in the area at the time and we are asking them to get in touch to help with our investigation.

“We are also asking anyone who may have been driving in the area at the time if they can check if they have dash-cam footage that might help with our enquiries. Likewise, anyone with private CCTV that may have captured anything suspicious is asked to contact us.

“If you can help please contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 3027 of Monday, 28 December, 2020, or make a call anonymously to the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
