```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '11'
  month: February
  reference: '3663'
  year: '2019'
title: Murder of Rafal Lyko - Re-appeal one year on
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/murder-of-rafal-lyko-re-appeal-one-year-on/
```

**Published 11 February 2020**

Detectives leading the investigation into the murder of Rafal Michal Lyko continue to carry out extensive enquiries one year on from his death.

The body of the 36-year-old was discovered within a burnt out black Mercedes GLE in Greenhall Park, Blantyre, on Monday, 11 February, 2019.

In light of the circumstances, detectives from Police Scotland's Major Investigation Team launched a murder inquiry.

For the last year, a dedicated team of officers have been piecing together Rafal Lyko’s movements prior to his death as well as the movements of the black Mercedes GLE.

Detective Chief Inspector Kevin Jamieson, of the East Major Investigation Team, said: "One year may have passed but we are still determined as ever to track down Rafal's killer. Our enquiries continue to establish why he was found in such horrific circumstances in Blantyre.

"Around 7.30pm on Monday, 11 February, Rafal appears to have been in the Blairbeth area of Rutherglen, as was the black Mercedes GLE. His body was then discovered within the car in Greenhall Park, Blantyre, around 7.45pm. I am very keen to speak to anyone who may have seen Rafal or the black Mercedes GLE in the Blairbeth area of Rutherglen or in the vicinity of Greenhall Park around 7.45pm and may have seen a car being driven at speed following the murder.

"We are being thorough in our enquiries to piece together the last known movements of Rafal. As always, I continue appeal to anyone with information on Rafal's whereabouts on 11 February or who may have seen the stolen Mercedes, no matter how small or insignificant they think it might be. It has been one year since Rafal was murdered and any piece of information could be vital to our investigation and may help us complete the bigger picture.

"I believe there are people in the community who know who is responsible for this murder. I would urge you to come forward. I can assure you that any information you provide will be treated with the utmost confidence. His family have been left devastated by his death and they deserve answers. We are determined to trace the person or persons responsible and bring them to justice.

"Police Scotland recently set up the Major Incident Public Portal which is a website that gives members of the public access to a form so they can send information direct to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus. I would encourage anyone with information to contact us through this website or to call us on 101, quoting reference number 3663 of 11 February 2019. Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
