```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Martyn Griffiths convicted of non-recent-sexual offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/martyn-griffiths-convicted-of-non-recent-sexual-offences/
```

**Published 15 January 2020**

Police Scotland has acknowledged the sentencing of Martyn Griffiths who has been convicted of a series of non-recent sexual offences against children.

The 48-year-old pleaded guilty to numerous serious sexual offences including rape, committed in the north of Edinburgh between 1994 and 2000, when he appeared at the High Court in December 2019.

He was sentenced today (Wednesday, 15 January) at the High Court in Glasgow to six years and nine months in prison. He has also been added to the Sex Offenders Register.

Detective Inspector Jonny Wright, of Edinburgh's Public Protection Unit, said: "Griffiths' behaviour over an extended period of time was deplorable with no thought of the suffering it caused his young victims.

"The courage of these women in coming forward to give evidence against him has directly led to his conviction and I would like to commend their bravery.

"Griffiths will now face the consequences of his abhorrent crimes.

"Police Scotland is committed to tackling sexual offences to ensure the safety of individuals and communities alike.

"I would like to reassure any victims of sexual crime that there is no time limit to reporting offences and that we will continue to work closely with partners at the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service to bring offenders to justice."

If you have concerns or information these can be reported to Police Scotland on 101 or anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
