```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man seriously assaulted - Paisley Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/man-seriously-assaulted-paisley-road-glasgow/
```

**Published 23 February 2020**

Officers at Govan Police Station are appealing for information after a 23 year-old man was seriously assaulted on Sunday, 23 February.

Around 12.30am on Sunday morning, the 23 year-old man was walking on Paisley Road near to its junction with Springfield Quay, when he was approached by two men who seriously assaulted him.

Police and ambulance attended and the 23 year-old man was taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, where he was treated for a facial injury then later released.

The first suspect is described as white, in his early 20s and around 5ft 10ins in height. He was wearing black clothing, an orange baseball cap and black and orange trainers.

The second suspect is described as white, in his early 20s and around 6ft 2 ins in height. He was wearing black clothing with a black baseball cap.

Detective Constable Ewan McPike of Govan Police Station said:

“This area is extremely busy and I am sure that there are people who witnessed this attack take place.

“I would urge any witnesses, or anyone driving on this road around the time of the incident with dash-cam footage to contact us, as they may have information that will assist our enquiries.”

Anyone with information should contact Govan Police Station through 101 quoting incident no 0223 of 23rd February. Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained.
