```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Forth Valley public thanked for compliance to coronavirus advice
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/forth-valley-public-thanked-for-compliance-to-coronavirus-advice/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in Forth Valley are thanking the public for their ongoing assistance and commitment to protecting their communities by complying with stay at home advice and physical distancing during the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent Alan Gibson has praised people in the area for being mindful of the impact of their actions and for the ongoing support being shown to officers working in local cities, towns and villages.

Ch Supt Gibson said: “Our communities have rallied together to support each other, our key workers, and our country, at this very trying time.

“The Chief Constable made it clear earlier today that society as a whole has stepped up, collectively, and as individuals, to do their duty and help to slow the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19).

“But the restrictions have not changed, and while we are fortunate to have areas of outstanding beauty across the division, this is not the time to travel to visit these places. It is essential we stick to the guidance, to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Police Scotland and its officers and staff remain fully operational to help our communities. If you are at risk of harm, if you think you have been a victim of crime, or witnessed a crime being committed, please, contact us – we are still here for you.

“Officers also remain visible in our communities. You will see them on the streets and in vehicles. They are there to be of assistance, and will engage with people as necessary, explain the new legislation to them, and will encourage anyone not complying to act responsibly and return home. Enforcement action will only be used as a last resort.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
