```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Highlands & Islands public thanked for co-operation
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/highlands-islands-public-thanked-for-co-operation/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

Police in the Highlands & Islands continue to thank the public for their co-operation, consent and compliance during the coronavirus pandemic.

Following an appearance by Police Scotland's Chief Constable Iain Livingstone during the First Minister’s coronavirus briefing today, Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent George Macdonald is also urging everyone to stick with the guidance and to stay at home as the restrictions continue.

Ch Supt Macdonald said: “I continue to be extremely grateful for the public’s support of the role Police Scotland is playing in response to the pandemic. As the Chief Constable said today, our officers and staff are being met by high levels of co-operation and it is my plea for everyone to continue exercising the same self-discipline, commitment and common sense which has, so far, served us well. As it stands, the guidance is clear – continue to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives.

“Police Scotland officers will continue to be visible in your community and will engage with people where necessary, explain the legislation and encourage them to comply. Only where people continue to defy the very clear being given will enforcement action be used as a last resort.

“Day-to-day policing also continues and we remain committed to supporting and protecting vulnerable people and victims of crime at this critical time. I would urge anyone who wishes to report a crime, or has concerns that someone may be at risk of harm, to come forward – we are to help.

“Continue to stay safe, look after your loved ones and keep an eye on any vulnerable neighbours or friends. As I have said before, on a personal level we all know someone who works in the NHS or the care sector, or have family and friends who are being required to shield for their own protection. I ask everyone to continue staying at home, to travel only if absolutely necessary and to adhere to the physical distancing guidlines to help keep everyone safe.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
