```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Son of murdered Nairn bank worker speaks for first time in new appeal for information
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/son-of-murdered-nairn-bank-worker-speaks-for-first-time-in-new-appeal-for-information/
```

The son of bank worker Alistair Wilson, who was shot dead on the doorstep of his home in Nairn, has spoken for the first time about his father’s death.

As the 16th anniversary of the killing approaches, Mr Wilson’s son Andrew, who was aged four at the time, has appealed for help in catching his dad’s killer.

Andrew, now 20, recalled the moment he saw his father lying on the doorstep moments after being shot.

He said: “Someone came to our family home on a Sunday evening while my dad was reading my brother and me bedtime stories after our bath. The next thing I know I am looking at my dad lying in our doorway covered in blood.”

Around 7pm on Sunday, 28 November 2004, a man called at the family home on Crescent Road, spoke to Alistair’s wife Veronica who answered the door and asked for “Alistair Wilson”.

Mr Wilson went downstairs to speak to the man and was handed a blue envelope with the word “Paul” on it. He went inside briefly and then returned to the door for a second time when he was fatally shot.

No one has been apprehended in connection with Mr Wilson’s murder and Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team continues to review and investigate the case.

Mr Wilson’s family, along with detectives, are using the approaching anniversary to make a renewed appeal for information in the hope of finally bringing someone to justice.

Mr Wilson added: “I was four years old when this happened and my dad was only 30.

“There would be no more bedtime stories, no more playing football or helping him in the garden.

“My dad and I missed out on so many things together, showing me how to tie a tie, driving lessons and taking me for my first pint.

“I am now a 20-year-old with little answers regarding my dad’s death. For the last 16 years I have been left wondering why I didn't have a dad like all my friends.

“I still cannot believe how someone could shoot my dad dead on our doorstep while my brother and I were upstairs.

“The only memory of my dad I’m left with is the image of him lying on the doorstep.

“Photographs are all I have and no family should suffer the way we have all these years.

“I am appealing on behalf of my family to anyone who may have any information, no matter how big or small to please come forward. Someone out there could have the missing piece of information.

“Nothing can bring my dad back but knowing who did this and why could give us the closure we need. Any information could be crucial to our case.”

Detective Inspector Gary Winter, of the Major Investigation Team, said: "Almost 16 years have passed since Alistair was murdered and the case continues to be reviewed and investigated by specialist officers.

“The murderer was described in 2004 as a man aged 30-40 years old, stocky build and approximately 5ft4 to 5ft7 tall. Alistair’s killer would now be approaching his 50s or 60s and has enjoyed a life denied to his victim and his family.

"My appeal today is about various aspects of the investigation.

"The handgun used was a Haenel Suhl pocket pistol from the 1930s which has a distinctive H and S letters superimposed on the grip.

“We believe this weapon is likely to have been taken to the UK after World War Two as some form of souvenir, however the ammunition used in the murder is from the 1980s or 90s.

"Do you know of anyone who had a similar pocket pistol? Do you know of anyone who mentioned having firearm souvenirs from the World War Two or from any family who were World War Two veterans?

"The blue envelope handed to Alistair by the killer had the name ‘Paul’ on it, which may or may not be relevant. Does this mean anything to you in the context of this investigation?

“Lastly, do you know any other person by the name ‘Alistair Wilson’, who may have been the intended target of violence or retribution to any extent?

"We remain committed to ensuring the person responsible for Alistair’s murder is brought to justice so that we can give his family the answers they deserve.

“Sixteen years is undeniably a long time however it is certainly no barrier to justice.

“Someone out there knows what happened to Alistair and I hope this appeal today serves as a vital reminder that it is never too late to come forward with information. Do not assume that the police already know the information you possess."

Anyone who believes they can assist Police is asked to contact 101, quoting reference 0994 of 11 October, 2020, or you can e-mail a dedicated inbox at SCDHOLMESAberdeen@scotland.pnn.police.uk
