```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '5'
  month: October
  reference: '1520'
  year: '2020'
title: Witness appeal after car fails to stop and officers taken to hospital
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/witness-appeal-after-car-fails-to-stop-and-officers-taken-to-hospital/
```

Police in South Ayrshire are appealing for witnesses after a car failed to stop in the Loans area and two police officers were taken to hospital.

The incident happened around 1.10pm on Monday, 5 October when road policing officers in a marked car observed an Audi A3 travelling at excessive speed on the A759 at Loans. Officers immediately followed the Audi as it continued to be driven excessively and drove east past Hillhouse Quarry towards Dundonald, failing to stop.

Due to the sudden actions of the Audi driver as he started to overtake another car, the police driver had to react quickly and hit a tree to avoid a collision. The Audi continued to drive on towards Kilmarnock. Both male officers, aged 33 and 40, were taken to Crosshouse Hospital as a precaution.

Sergeant Kevin Blackley, of the Road Policing Unit, said: "We're appealing to anyone who saw an older style, light metallic coloured Audi A3 around the Loans area or in Kilmarnock around the time of the incident on Monday to contact us.

"Thankfully on this occasion the officers didn't suffer any serious injuries but this type of driving is extremely dangerous and the driver of the Audi clearly showed complete disregard for other road users by continuing to drive so recklessly."

Anyone with any information or dashcam footage from that area, please contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 1520 of 5 October 2020.
