```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Two sentenced following assault and robbery - Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/two-sentenced-following-assault-and-robbery-paisley/
```

**Published 7 February 2020**

Two men, who attacked another man in his home, were sentenced yesterday (Thursday, 6 February, 2020) at the High Court in Glasgow for violently assaulting and robbing a 44-year-old man last year.

40-year-old James Weir, from Paisley, was sentenced to 11 years imprisonment after being convicted of attempted murder, following the incident which took place on Monday, 25 February, 2019.

Another man, 37-year-old Gerard Tracy, also from Paisley, was sentenced to five and a half years behind bars for robbery and assault.

Police were called to an address on Fairway Avenue, Paisley, around 9.45pm following reports of an disturbance.

A 44-year-old man was found to have been stabbed, and was taken to the Royal Alexandra Hospital with deep wounds to his stomach. Personal items were also stolen from the property.

Detective Sergeant Nicola Wake, Paisley CID, said: “This was a despicable act against a man who was brutally assaulted and nearly lost his life within his own home, the rest of his life will likely be impacted from the injuries he sustained.

“My team carried out a lengthy investigation and worked hard to bring both offenders to justice.

“The sentencing of James Weir and Gerard Tracy demonstrates that police will do everything they can to identify individuals and ensure they are brought before the courts.

“This is an excellent result for the community and for the police and I would like to thank the local community for their assistance during this investigation.”
