```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-glasgow/
```

**Published 29 February 2020**

Police in Glasgow are appealing for the public’s assistance as part of their ongoing enquiries into an indecent exposure in the city.

The incident happened around 9.30pm on Thursday, 27 February on the number 90 First bus between Partick and Dennistoun.

A 21-year-old woman was on the bus when a man got on around 9.25pm at the stop on Springburn Road next to Tesco. He sat in the row behind her at the opposite side of the bus. Around 9.30pm she looked back and found him to be exposing himself to her.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged 40 to 60-years-old, around 5ft 8ins tall and of a medium build. He is described as having long white hair down to his ears and brushed to one side with highly magnified oval glasses. At the time of the incident he was wearing an orange waterproof jacket and orange trousers.

Officers are now appealing for witnesses and anyone who can help the investigation to come forward.

Detective Constable Paul Houston of Govan’s Public Protection Unit said: “This was a very distressing incident for the woman involved and although she was not physically harmed she has been left shaken.

“We are eager to trace the man responsible as soon as possible and I would appeal to anyone who may recognise the description of the suspect or who was on the bus to get in touch.

“It is believed there may have been one other person on the bus at the time and I would urge them to contact police with any information they have.”

Those with information should contact officers on 101 quoting incident number 4148 of Thursday, 27 February or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
