```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after three wilful fire-raising incidents in Hamilton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-after-three-wilful-fire-raising-incidents-in-hamilton/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following three wilful fire-raising incidents which occurred in the Hamilton area overnight between Sunday 20 and Monday 21 September 2020.

The first incident happened around 11.30pm on Sunday in Dean Crescent, where several wheelie bins and a shed were set on fire.

Around 2.45am on Monday police were called to an incident in Millgate Terrace where two cars had been deliberately set alight. From CCTV enquiries a man can be seen exiting a vehicle to start the fire before getting back in and driving off.

A third incident occurred around 4.25am on Monday in Arden Road where another car was set on fire.

Detective Constable Andrew Henry from Lanarkshire CID said: “Although these incidents happened in close proximity within a few hours of each other, there is no information at this stage to suggest they are linked.

“We will however investigate all possibilities and would urge anyone with information which could assist our enquiries to come forward.

“If you were in the area late on Sunday night or the early hours of Monday morning, and noticed anything at all suspicious, please get in touch. We would also ask any motorists with dash-cams who were in the vicinity to check their footage in case they have captured anything which could be of significance.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland through 101, quoting incident numbers 4179 of Sunday 20 September or 0291 and 0345 of Monday 21 September 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be given anonymously.”
