```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following drone incident in Scone
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-drone-incident-in-scone/
```

**Published 6 July 2020**

Officers in Perth are appealing for information following a near-miss between a light aircraft and a drone in the Scone area, which took place last week.

The incident happened at around 2.35pm on Tuesday, 30 June, when the aircraft was passing over the Murrayshall area, on its route back to Perth Airport.

The aircraft came close to colliding with a drone, described as being between 1-2ft in width and red or orange in colour. The aircraft was able to safely land at Perth Airport a short time later.

Police have been making enquiries in the local area to trace the drone’s pilot and establish the full circumstances which led to the drone operating within the restricted air space around the airport.

PC Scott Thomson, from Perth Police Station, said: “Thankfully, the aircraft was able to avoid a collision on this occasion, otherwise both people on board would have been in danger of serious injury.

"We support the safe and legal use of small unmanned aircraft. However drone pilots are reminded they must operate within the law and guidelines set out by the Civil Aviation Authority and National Air Traffic Services.

"It is the responsibility of each pilot to make themselves aware of the appropriate legislation and be aware of the importance of responsible flying, particularly around airports, restricted airspace and congested areas.

"If anyone has any questions about how and where to fly a drone safely, please check with the Civil Aviation Authority or Drone Safe website."

Anyone with information on this incident can contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident 1878 of 30 June.
