```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Serious Assault - Whitehill, Hamilton
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2021/january/serious-assault-whitehill-hamilton/
```

Police are appealing for information after a father and son were attacked in Hamilton on Saturday, 9 January, 2021.

Around 11pm, a 40-year-old man and his 19-year-old son were assaulted by a group of up to six people outside shops in Margaret Road, near to Auchinraith Avenue, Whitehill, Hamilton.

Both were taken by ambulance to Wishaw General Hospital where the older man remains for treatment for serious head and body injuries. Medical staff describe his condition as serious but stable. The 19-year-old man received treatment for a facial injury and has since been discharged.

The suspects are only described so far as being white, between 15 and 20 years of age, and wearing casual clothing; hoodies and tracksuit bottoms.

Detective Constable Ruth Whyte, Cambuslang CID, said:

"This was a particularly nasty attack on the father and son which has left the dad in hospital with significant injuries.

"We are still trying to establish a motive for the attack and so would appeal to anyone who was in the area of the shops in Margaret Road late last night to get in touch.

"Officers are checking CCTV at the moment and carrying out door to door enquiries. The area is mainly residential so I am sure someone would have either seen or heard the disturbance.

"If you were in the area, or maybe driving by and have dash-cam footage, then please contact officers at Cambuslang CID on 101 quoting incident number 3647 of the 9th of January 2021 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
