```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three arrested following operation in Paisley,Glasgow & Ayrshire
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/three-arrested-following-operation-in-paisley-glasgow-ayrshire/
```

**Published 2 July 2020**

Three men have been arrested following a police operation on Thursday, 2 July, 2020.

The operation involved divisional officers from Glasgow, Paisley, Argyll and Bute and Ayrshire, assisting officers from Renfrewshire and Inverclyde Serious and Organised Crime Team.

It follows a three-month long investigation into car thefts across the West of Scotland.

Around 8am this morning, officers acting under warrant, entered and searched seven properties in Glasgow, Renfrew, Ayrshire, Johnstone and Paisley.

Officers seized a number of items from the properties relevant to these crimes.

Three men, aged 37, 38 and 34 have been arrested and charged in connection with a number of thefts of motor vehicles in addition to charges relating to their involvement in serious and organised crime.

Detective Inspector Robert Bowie said: “This operation highlights our commitment to tackling serious and organised crime.

"We will continue to use our resources, targeting those involved in any criminal activity which impacts the lives of our local communities.

"Anyone with concerns regarding criminality in their area can contact police and be assured that officers will act on the information and arrest whoever is involved.”

The three men are due to appear at Paisley Sheriff Court on Friday 3 July 2020.
