```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Officers tackle domestic abuse in Perth and Kinross
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/officers-tackle-domestic-abuse-in-perth-and-kinross/
```

Perth and Kinross will see an increase in action to target domestic abuse offenders in support of the 16 Days of Action to end violence against women.

The campaign runs from Wednesday, 25 November (UN Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women) until Thursday, 10 December (International Human Rights Day).

The focus will ensure perpetrators realise their behaviour will not be tolerated whilst ensuring victims of abuse are aware of support and how they can access it.

Detective Inspector Paul Boath of the Domestic Abuse Investigation Unit said :

“Tackling domestic abuse is very much a priority for Police Scotland and this focus will see specialist domestic abuse officers working alongside local officers to target offenders throughout the Perth and Kinross area.

"It is crucial that people are aware of and recognise domestic abuse and are aware of the services available through the Perth and Kinross Violence Against Women Partnership. It is vital that we build confidence to encourage victims to reach out and seek help.

"Abuse can be physical but it is important to understand that domestic abuse can also include a variety of other abusive behaviours including psychological or emotional abuse, financial control, restricting movement to isolate victims from family and friends and stalking.

“These are challenging times for us all but for victims of abuse, lockdown and varying tier restrictions around the COVID-19 pandemic, means further isolation especially for those living in more rural locations and it may provide further opportunities for abusers.

“I would encourage everyone to look out for family, friends and colleagues by making regular contact, within the guidelines and laws issued by the Scottish Government to look for signs of abuse and provide emotional support.

"We work closely with partner agencies within Perth and Kinross to support victims and we want to continue to encourage victims of domestic abuse to come forward.

“We want people to feel safe in their communities. We want to prevent harm by identifying people who may be at risk.

“Domestic abuse is everyone's business. Domestic abuse is not acceptable, and it's not inevitable.”

Louise Craig, Manager at Perthshire Women's Aid said :

"Our dedicated team here at Perthshire Women’s Aid are available to talk and offer support to victims and children impacted by Domestic Abuse, if you need to talk to someone, you can contact our support line or Independent Advocacy Service on 01738 639043 and we can address your safety needs and get the support you require."
