```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man sentenced after killing teenager in Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/man-sentenced-after-killing-teenager-in-paisley/
```

**Published 22 July 2020**

A 21-year-old man who killed a teenage girl by dangerous driving has been sentenced to a total of five years and three months in prison at the High Court in Glasgow.

Robyn Fryar, 15, was crossing Glenburn Road in Paisley with her friends around 2am on Sunday 7 July 2019 when she was struck by a Volkswagen Golf. The car was driving on the wrong side of the road at speed. The car, driven by Shaun Gatti, left the scene. The 15-year-old girl was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow where she died a short time later.

Following a police investigation, Gatti was arrested the next day. He pled guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop and provide his details and attempting to pervert the course of justice on Thursday, 25 June, 2020.

Gatti was sentenced today (Wednesday 22 July) at the High Court in Glasgow. He was also disqualified from driving for 11 years and seven months.

Detective Inspector Allan Kelly, senior investigating officer for the case, said: "I cannot begin to imagine what Robyn’s family have had to endure over this last year and my thoughts have always been with them. I hope today brings them some sort of closure to the tragic events of the last year and allows them to move on as a family.

"I would like to thank my team of officers who worked tirelessly to gather all the facts so we could present the full circumstances of the reckless and wicked behaviour of Mr Gatti and the untold damage he has caused to the Fryar family and the local community.

"I hope today's outcome serves as a reminder of the tragic consequences of the selfish act that dangerous driving can lead to and the devastation it leaves behind.

"Thanks to a report from a member of the public the car involved was recovered after it had been secured under a tarpaulin. Reports from the public are invaluable and if any member of the public has information relating to an incident, please contact us via 101 or 999 in an emergency. You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 to provide information anonymously."
