```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Stonehaven incident - Update
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/stonehaven-incident-update/
```

The three people who died at the derailment incident have been formally identified and can now be named as follows:

Brett McCullough (45) - Driver
Donald Dinnie (58) - Conductor
Christopher Stuchbury (62) - Passenger

Family tribute for Christopher Stuchbury aged 62 from Aberdeen:

“Chris was a much adored husband, son, dad, stepdad, grandad, brother and uncle and was a treasured and loved friend to many, including the Targe Towing Team where he was an integral and valued member of staff.

“He also volunteered at Roxburghe House in Aberdeen during his spare time which he thoroughly enjoyed doing.

“We are devastated by his death and we request privacy at this difficult time as we come to terms with our loss.”

Brett's wife Stephanie has requested that Police Scotland issue the following statement on their behalf:

"Brett was a much loved husband, father, son and uncle who will be sorely missed by all.
"It is an extremely difficult time for us as a family and we would ask for privacy as we try to come to terms with our horrendous loss."

Statement from the family of Donald Dinnie:

"As a family we are devastated by the sudden and tragic loss of Donald, a loving and proud dad, son, partner, brother, uncle and friend.

"No words could ever describe how much he will be missed by us all and there will always be a missing piece in our hearts.

"It is so heart warming to see how many people have fond memories of Donald and I am sure they have plenty of happy and funny stories to tell. He was a kind, caring and genuine person who was never found without a smile on his face. We know he will be deeply missed by all.

"Together we thank each and everyone of you for your kind words and condolences but we kindly ask at this time that we have the chance to grieve privately as a family."
