```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following attempted armed robbery, Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/july/appeal-following-attempted-armed-robbery-paisley/
```

**Published 19 July 2020**

Police in Paisley are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery at a shop in the Galloway area.

The incident happened at a premises on Galloway Road around 4.20pm on Friday, 17 July 2020.

An unidentified man entered the store and presented a large knife. He demanded money from the till but left before taking any items.

He was chased from outside the shop by a member of the public on foot and is believed to have headed towards Montgomery Road.

The man is described as being white and at the time of the incident he was wearing a grey hooded jumper, light grey trousers and a black motorcycle helmet.

Detective Constable Stephen Knox of Paisley CID said: “Nobody was injured but this was a frightening experience for the member of staff involved.

“Extensive enquiries are ongoing to identify the man responsible, including reviewing CCTV from both the shop and area. However, we are very keen to trace the movements of the man once he left the store.

“I would encourage anyone who believes they may have information which could help identify the man or who was in the area at the time of the attempted robbery to contact police as soon as they can.”

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting incident 2650 of 17 July, or call Crimstoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
