```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man seriously injured following road crash - Paisley
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/man-seriously-injured-following-road-crash-paisley/
```

**Published 29 April**

Police have now identified the man who was seriously injured in Paisley Town Centre in the early hours of Friday, 1 May, 2020 but are still appealing for witnesses to him being struck by the car.

The 34-year-old man, local to the area, was seriously injured after being struck by a black VW Golf car on George Street, near to Barr Place, Paisley, around 0.45 on Friday morning. He was taken to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley where medical staff describe his condition as critical.

Sergeant Jon Mochan, Greater Glasgow Road Policing Unit, said:

“Our previous appeal mentioned injuries that may have been sustained prior to the collision, however, following an update from medical staff, it would appear that all injuries were sustained as a result of him being struck by the car.

“The response from the public this morning following our earlier appeal has been good, however, we still need to find out where the man had been prior to the incident and who he was with just so we can piece together his movements and confirm why he was on the road. The second man was wearing grey clothing, who left the scene before police arrived.

If you were in George St and saw the two men or have any dash cam footage from there, or know where the man had been earlier that night, then please get in touch.

“Information can be passed to Greater Glasgow Road Policing via 101 quoting reference number 0128 of the 1 May 2020. If you wish to remain anonymous, then call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
