```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious assault on Brunton Street, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault-on-brunton-street-glasgow/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously assaulted in the Cathcart area of Glasgow in the early hours of Tuesday, 1 September, 2020.

Around 12.20am police were called to a report of a man being injured following an altercation in Brunton Street.

Emergency services attended and a 30-year-old man was taken by ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment to stab wounds. Medical staff describe his condition as stable.

It is understood the victim was involved in an altercation with two Asian men who then left the scene in a black Audi A5.

The first man is described as in his late 20s, short and wearing dark clothing. The second man is described as being taller and older.

Detective Inspector Lynsey Watters from Cathcart CID said: “This type of violence will not be tolerated and extensive enquiries are underway to get to the bottom of what happened and trace the men responsible.

“I am appealing to anyone who was in the area in the early hours of this morning and may have noticed a disturbance, or a black Audi A5 driving at speed, to please come forward.

“I would also urge motorists with dashcams who were in the Cathcart area at the time to check their footage in case they may have captured something which could be of significance to our investigation.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact Cathcart CID through 101, quoting incident number 0043 of Tuesday, 1 September, 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where details can be given anonymously.”
