```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal for information after two cars vandalised in Fortose Gardens, Strathaven
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-for-information-after-two-cars-vandalised-in-fortose-gardens-strathaven/
```

Detectives are continuing enquiries after two cars were vandalised in Strathhaven.

Around 3.10am, on Sunday, 16 August, 2020, police received a report that the window of a house had been smashed and two vehicles had been vandalised in Fortrose Gardens, Strathaven.

Two cars within the drive, a blue BMW X6 and a white BMW X3 were damaged when a substance was deliberately thrown over them, believed to be paint stripper. No-one was injured in the incident but the householders have been left upset by this targeted attack.

Enquiries have established that a blue Skoda Octavia, possibly a taxi, was in the area around the time of the incident. The vehicle is seen around 3.05am, travelling on Hamilton Road and passing the Arnold Clark Garage, heading towards Hamilton. It is seen immediately after at 3.06am, driving on the same road but heading in the opposite direction towards Strathaven.

Detective Sergeant Claire Taylor said: “I am appealing to this motorist to contact us as we believe they may have information which could assist our investigation. In particular, if the vehicle has a dashcam, then it could have captured footage crucial to our enquiries. I would also appeal to members of the public who may have any knowledge regarding this incident to contact us, any small piece of information could lead us to identifying those responsible.”

Anyone with information is asked to call officers at Cambuslang Police Station via 101, quoting incident number 0909 of 16, August, 2020. Alternatively, you can disclose information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
