```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Argyll and West Dunbartonshire Thanked for COVID-19 Support
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/argyll-and-west-dunbartonshire-thanked-for-covid-19-support/
```

**Published 8 May 2020**

People in communities across Argyll and West Dunbartonshire are being thanked for their continued commitment to staying at home to slow the spread of coronavirus.

Chief Superintendent John Paterson, divisional commander, also welcomed the public’s support for the police, who are playing a vital role in encouraging compliance.

Chief Supt Paterson said: “We know that these measures are impacting on the way we go about our daily routines.

"But the restrictions have not changed, and as I have said previously, whilst we are fortunate to have some areas of outstanding beauty across the Division, this is not the time to visit these places. It is essential that we stick with the guidance, to protect the NHS and save lives.

"Police Scotland officers and staff are visible within communities across Argyll and West Dunbartonshire every day in support of these measures."

“As the Chief Constable said today, we are seeing high levels of co-operation and consent from the public and we are grateful for that.

"While patrolling in communities, our officers may speak to people to explain the restrictions and encourage you to adhere to them. Where people defy the very clear advice, we will enforce the law.

“Day-to-day policing also continues and I would urge anyone who wishes to report a crime or has concerns that someone may be at risk of harm at this time to come forward.”

The latest information on interventions by Police Scotland, including a divisional breakdown, is available here.
