```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Roll-out of Personal Protective Equipment to frontline officers
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/march/roll-out-of-personal-protective-equipment-to-frontline-officers/
```

**Published 27 March 2020**

The roll-out of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to frontline officers in local policing divisions across Scotland is expected to get under way next week.

The team coordinating the Police Scotland response to coronavirus (COVID-19) has been working round the clock to secure, order, receive and distribute the appropriate equipment.

More than 630 officers have already received the kit, including FFP3 masks, gloves, boot covers, coveralls and goggles.

Officers across Operational Support Units, Border Policing, custody and in some rural areas have already received the PPE.

The Flexible Response Unit is likely to be deployed across the country in possession of full kit to support operational officers at the weekend.

Now it is anticipated that an extended roll-out of fitting, training and issuing of kit will be under way next week across all local policing divisions as well as within specialist services on a 24/7 basis.

Deputy Chief Constable Malcolm Graham said:

“Our officers are playing a vital role in keeping people safe at this extraordinary time and we want them to have the right protective equipment to enable them to do their jobs with confidence.

“We have had several teams working continuously on procuring and distributing vital supplies to staff and these are being issued across priority areas, with significant orders for more items, including masks, goggles and gloves, scheduled for delivery over the coming days and weeks.

"The procurement of available PPE is a key piece of work being undertaken in challenging circumstances due to exceptional levels of demand and we are streamlining and simplifying the process where possible.

“We are working with the Scottish Government and partners, and at a UK level, to ensure required PPE is delivered as quickly as possible."
