```yaml
area: Scotland
title: New Renfrewshire and Inverclyde crime statistics released
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/new-renfrewshire-and-inverclyde-crime-statistics-released/
```

**Published 25 May 2020**

Serious assaults in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde have fallen by more than 10 per cent, according to Police Scotland figures.

The reduction, by 25 incidents, from 2018-19 (241) to 2019-20 (216), is highlighted alongside a reduction of more than eight per cent in the number of robberies, and assaults with intent to rob (121 in 2018/19 to 111 in 2019/20) within the division.

Police Scotland’s Performance Report, introduced by Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor, and Quarter 4 Management Information figures showed that 38 offences have also been recorded in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde during the first year of the new domestic abuse law. Detections were made in 21 of these cases.

Following the introduction of the Domestic Abuse (Scotland) Act on 1 April, 2019, a single offence was created covering a full spectrum of abusive behaviours, including physical, financial or sexual abuse, as well as controlling and coercive behaviour.

Within Renfrewshire and Inverclyde there has been a 37.6 per cent increase in cases of fraud reported to Police Scotland within the 12-month period. The figure rose from 380 offences in 2018/19, to 523 in 2019/20, however, there was also an increase in detections for this type of crime within the same time frame.

The increase in fraud is a trend being reflected across the country, with cyber-related offences contributing to the overall picture.

Divisional Commander of Renfrewshire and Inverclyde, Chief Superintendent Alan Murray, said: “Police Scotland remains fully committed to keeping our country safe, and the officers and staff serving our local communities within the division are no exception.

“The front line for our officers is now in the virtual world, as well as the real world – online as much as offline. People in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde can be reassured that local officers in their communities are working alongside national resources to address the issues and concerns being brought to our attention.

“We have a clearly defined duty to both protect life and improve the safety and wellbeing of people in Renfrewshire and Inverclyde, and across Scotland.

“DCC Taylor said today we remain here to help and support our fellow citizens to keep them safe in all aspects of their lives.

“My officers and staff will always take any report of crime seriously. Robust and thorough investigations will be carried out in relation to any complaint we receive, whether that happens in a public place, a private space or online.”

Please note, the Q4 report contains Management Information figures and these are not official statistics.
