```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Three sentenced for murder of Alasdair Forsyth in Edinburgh
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/three-sentenced-for-murder-of-alasdair-forsyth-in-edinburgh/
```

**Published 31 January 2020**

At the High Court in Edinburgh today (Friday, 31 January, 2020) three teenagers who beat a pensioner to death in Edinburgh have been given live sentences.

Keirin McMillan (20) was sentenced to 18 years in prison with his younger brother, Aron McMillan (17), given 17 years and three months. A third boy, Levi Hunter (16), was also sentenced to 17 years.

Reporting restrictions have now been lifted on the case and all Alasdair's killers, despite two of them being under 18, can now be named.

The brutal attack happened around 10.40pm on Thursday, 21 February, 2019, following a report of a disturbance at Alasdair McPherson Forsyth's flat on Clearburn Road in the Prestonfield area.

On arrival, 67-year-old Alasdair was found with serious injuries to his head and body. He was pronounced dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service.

The three teenagers beat Mr Forsyth in a brutal attack with a hammer, a wrench and a screwdriver.

Detective Inspector Bob Campbell, the senior investigation officer on this case, said: “This attack on Alasdair was an unprovoked and cowardly act and the three individuals responsible have rightly been brought to justice.

“Knowing these teenagers will now spend a substantial period of time in prison is a welcome thought to the local community.

“Hopefully today’s news will give Alasdair’s family and friends closure on what has been a horrific period of time.

“I would like to thank officers and staff along with members of the community, who assisted with this investigation."
