```yaml
area: Scotland
title: People in Lanarkshire asked to stick with physical distancing
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/april/people-in-lanarkshire-asked-to-stick-with-physical-distancing/
```

**Published 24 April 2020**

Chief Superintendent Alan Waddell has asked people across Lanarkshire to stick with physical distancing to protect the NHS and save lives.

The commander of Lanarkshire Division thanked everyone who has made significant sacrifices to their normal routines to comply with the legal requirements.

He said: “Police officers have a vital role to play in supporting the NHS response and we are working round the clock to engage with our fellow citizens, explain the legislation and encourage compliance.

“I am grateful for the positive response from members of the public to the advice being given by my officers.

“On a small number of occasions, we have had to take enforcement action as a last resort. We would remind people not to hold house parties or meet with friends or relatives from outwith your household.

“People should only leave the house for very limited purposes, including buying basic necessities, for daily exercise, for medical needs or travelling for work where you cannot work at home.

“The Deputy Chief Constable has stressed today that people must not be tempted to ignore the advice, even as the restrictions persist and the warm weather continues.

“Our officers will be patrolling key locations across Lanarkshire and continuing to engage with the public in some of the parks and outdoor areas that would normally be busy at this time of year.

“Police Scotland has a strong history of policing by consent and we are grateful for everyone’s continued cooperation and support at this time.”

Figures released today show that 179 Fixed Penalty Notices were handed out in Lanarkshire between Friday 27 March and Thursday 23 April.
