```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  reference: '3599'
title: Man dies after being found injured in Balmore Road, Glasgow
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/october/man-dies-after-being-found-injured-in-balmore-road-glasgow/
```

A man has died after being found seriously injured in Balmore Road, Glasgow, on Wednesday 7 October 2020.

Police were called around 9.50pm after members of the public found a 23-year-old man lying on the road near to the Allander Toll Roundabout.

Emergency services attended and the victim was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital before being transferred to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary for treatment to a serious head injury.

He was pronounced dead in hospital this morning, Friday, 9 October 2020.

The victim can now be named as Kieran Paul Murray, 23, from Glasgow. Relatives are aware.

A post mortem examination will be carried out in due course to establish the exact cause of death.

Detective Chief Inspector Gillian Grant, from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Teams said:

“Kieran’s family are absolutely heartbroken and it is vital that we find out what happened to him.

“At this time it is unclear how he came to be lying seriously injured on Balmore Road and detectives are investigating a number of lines of enquiry.

“I would urge anyone who was in the area of Balmore Road on Wednesday night and noticed anything which could be of significance to our investigation to please get in touch.

"I would also urge motorists with dash-cams who were in the vicinity to check their footage in case they have captured anything of importance.

“I know that there will be people out there with information about what happened to Kieran and I would appeal to them to do the right thing and speak to the police. A young man has lost his life, leaving his family utterly devastated and we must find answers for them.

"Information can be submitted through the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) which is a website that gives members of the public access to a form so they can send information direct to the major incident teams based at the Scottish Crime Campus via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/SCOT20S27-PO1.

"I would encourage anyone with information to contact us through this website or to call us on 101, quoting incident number 3599 of Wednesday 7 October 2020. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
