```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Officers working with partners to combat anti-social behaviour in Cumnock area
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/officers-working-with-partners-to-combat-anti-social-behaviour-in-cumnock-area-ayrshire/
```

Officers from Cumnock community policing teams are working with local partners to combat anti-social behaviour and help make communities safer places for those who live and work in the East Ayrshire area.

As part of the strategy, called Operation Ellipse, high visibility patrols, including officers on quad bikes, are ongoing in Cumnock and neighbouring villages, focused on locations where there have been reports of anti-social behaviour, such as groups of underage drinkers gathering.

Sergeant Ryan Todd from Cumnock Locality Policing team said: “We are also aware that youths are travelling into the area from other villages so we are patrolling and engaging with young people.

“One issue is the sale of alcohol to underage young people and we are working with partners from East Ayrshire Council’s Licensing team, the Corporate Enforcement Unit and Vibrant Communities. We are also working with licensed premises owners, bus operator Stagecoach, Network Rail and parents.

Locality Policing Inspector Ian Harvey is urging parents to make sure they are aware of what their youngsters are doing and asking them to be mindful of the current regulations about meeting, both indoors and outside.
“The Chief Constable has made it clear that we are asking people to take personal responsibility to do the right thing and remember the purpose of these measures is to aid the collective effort to stay safe, protect others and save lives by preventing the virus from spreading.

“Anti-social behaviour is having an impact on local businesses, bus services and the wider community including the demand on emergency service resources as well as increasing the risk of spread of the virus.

“We will take enforcement action where we have to and will continue, in the coming days and weeks, to patrol these areas. We will also be contacting a number of parents and carers whose children have come to our attention.”

So far, a number of young people under the influence of alcohol have been taken home by officers, one woman has been charged with buying alcohol for minors and the council have given out two Acceptable Behaviour Contracts for high offending youths, which is part of the antisocial behaviour process that can lead to an ASBO. Officers have also issued two warning letters and charged five male youths with housebreaking and other offences.

Councillor Douglas Reid, Leader of East Ayrshire Council said: “Working in partnership with our Community Planning partners has always been important but at this time it is essential we all work together to protect our communities and save lives.

“I understand that the pandemic has been hard on our young people but it is essential that we all follow the rules and ensure that we get a handle on the number of positive cases within East Ayrshire. In response to the rising infection rates, the First Minister announced a new Strategic Framework for Scotland with a five-tier system of restrictions, starting at Level 0. East Ayrshire is Level 3 and no one wants to enter Level 4, which is very similar to lockdown.

“Working with Police Scotland we are helping to tackle reports of large numbers of young people gathering and associated antisocial behaviour in a number of local communities. The Corporate Enforcement Unit has carried out joint patrols, the Licensing team has been working to help stop alcohol being sold to young people and Youth Activity teams have been working in the evenings engaging with young people, finding activities that can help to safely divert them away from anti-social behaviour. I also would ask that you keep an eye on your children and young people and make sure that you know where they are when they leave the house.

“This is a tough time and we all need to continue to work together to tackle Covid-19 infection rates, to protect our families and loved ones as we head into winter.”​​
