```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Detectives reviewing death of Lybster man
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/january/detectives-reviewing-death-of-lybster-man/
```

**Published 21 January 2020**

Detectives reviewing the death of a man who went missing in Caithness in 2013 will begin house-to-house enquiries in the area today (Tuesday 22 January).

Officers from Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team will be in the villages of Lybster and Latheronwheel gathering information in relation to the death of local man Stefan Sutherland.

Stefan went missing in Lybster on Friday, 6 September, 2013, and his body found on the shoreline at nearby Occumster on Tuesday, 17 September, 2013.

Police Scotland began a review of the case last year to address concerns raised by Stefan’s family.

A team of 15 officers will carry out door-to-door enquiries over the coming days as they continue to gather information about Stefan’s death as part of the review.

People in the local community are urged to come forward with any information they may have. A mobile police office will be parked in Lybster where people can also speak to officers.

Detective Superintendent Graeme Mackie, who is leading the review, said: “We are keen to establish if local residents or anyone who may have visited the area between Friday 6 September 2013 and Tuesday 17 September 2013 has information which may assist our enquiry.

“Anyone with information about Stefan’s death is asked to please come forward and speak to officers.

“Stefan was well known in the local community and I would also encourage those who saw him between 10pm on Friday, 6 September, 2013, and 12pm on Tuesday, 17 September, 2013 to contact us.

Anyone with information who lives outwith Lybster and Latheronwheel can contact Police Scotland on 101 and request information to be passed to Operation Husten or email SCDHolmesDundee@scotland.pnn.police.uk.'
