```yaml
area: Scotland
title: North East Division continues its proactive enforcement of various crime offences
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/north-east-division-continues-its-proactive-enforcement-of-various-crime-offences/
```

Officers in the North East have thanked the public for their ongoing support as the latest crime figures for the region are published.

Q2 Management Information figures 2020-21 released today - which cover the period April 1 to September 30 - highlight a decrease in total recorded crime while the detection rate remains just as strong as last year as officers continued to carry out proactive activity to bring violent criminals and sex offenders to justice. In addition, more than 1,600 drug crimes were detected while hundreds of weapons were removed from our streets.

Divisional Commander Chief Superintendent George Macdonald said: “While reductions in violent crime, sexual crime and crimes of dishonesty are to be welcomed, I must stress that these figures were recorded during an extraordinary time therefore it is extremely difficult to make assumptions about trends. While crime levels nationally are returning to levels experienced during previous years, it could take many months before we fully understand the impact this public health crisis has had on crime levels.

“Above all, I want to take this opportunity to thank the public for the support our police officers, staff and Special Constables continue to receive as we navigate our way through this challenging time. Crime figures are just one aspect of policing, and officers are out in your communities every day - supported by colleagues in national specialist units - to help identify and protect those most at risk. The current restrictions are a challenge for so many, but even more so for those living in fear of the very place they should feel safe - their home. We will continue to work with our partners to make sure victims of abuse are looked after and continue to get the help and support they need.”

Police Scotland also published its Performance Report today which revealed fraud and online child abuse continue to rise sharply. Crimes of fraud have increased by 45.4% in the first six months of 2020-21 compared to the same period last year and are 83.4% above the five year average. Online child sexual abuse is up by 18.4% year on year and by 35.8% when compared to the five year average during the same period.

Chief Superintendent Macdonald said: “As was the case with the Q1 period, another significant rise in cyber-related offences have been recorded as criminals continue to prey on the unique circumstances of this pandemic. As Deputy Chief Constable Fiona Taylor said today, our cyber strategy sets out a clear direction for how we tackle the threat and harm of these offences which becomes a bigger part of frontline policing every day.”

The Divisional Commander added: “The North East remains one of the places in Scotland and the relationship we have with our communities has never been stronger. Public confidence in policing is vital and I would urge you, if you haven’t already, to complete the Your Police 2020-21 survey, which asks for your opinions about policing in your local area and helps us to shape our response at this extraordinary time.”
