```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal following serious assault - Glasgow City Centre
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/december/appeal-following-serious-assault-glasgow-city-centre/
```

Police are appealing for information after a man suffered serious head injuries after being attacked in Glasgow City Centre on Saturday, 28 November, 2020.

Between 11.15 pm and 11.30 pm on Saturday night, a 26-year-old man was struck on the head and punched by two men he had stopped to speak to on Hope Street near to Gordon Street, just opposite Central Station, Glasgow. He was spotted a short time later by passing officers who took him to Glasgow Royal Infirmary where he was treated and has since been discharged.

The suspects, both white and wearing dark clothing, one with a beanie hat and black trainers with a white stripe on the side, ran off after the attack north on Hope Street then into West George Lane and on to Renfield Street.

Detective Constable Vhairi Mills, Greater Glasgow CID, Stewart Street, said:

"We know that the injured man approached the two other men, when for whatever reason, he was attacked by both. One of the men appears to strike him with a glass object resulting in a serious head injury.

"From CCTV there were a number of taxis stopped at the traffic lights on Gordon Street at Hope Street and quite a few people in the area at the time and I am sure someone there would be able to help us with our investigation.

"It is imperative that we catch the two men responsible for this rather nasty attack and so would ask that any information be passed to police via 101 quoting reference number 4346 of Saturday, 28 November, 2020. Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called anonymously on 0800 555 111."
