```yaml
area: Scotland
incident:
  day: '15'
  month: February
  reference: '1296'
title: Appeal following serious road crash on A907, Stirling
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/february/appeal-following-serious-road-crash-on-a907-stirling/
```

**Published 15 February 2020**

Police Scotland is appealing for information following a serious road crash on the A907 near Stirling on Saturday, 15 February, 2020.

The incident happened around 10.35am between Manor Powis and Blackgrange roundabouts. It involved two cars - a blue Mini and a grey Peugeot 207.

Emergency services attended and a 36-year-old woman was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with potentially life-threatening injuries. A 22-year-old man was taken to Forth Valley Royal Hospital as a precaution.

The road was closed and diversions were put in place whilst officers carried out enquiries to establish the full circumstances surrounding the crash. The road re-opened around 4pm.

Road Policing Sergeant David Ross said: "Enquiries into the crash are ongoing and it's important we establish exactly what happened here. I am particularly keen to speak to the driver of a grey Audi, possibly an estate vehicle, who was driving in the area shortly before the incident and may be able to assist with our enquiries.

"I would urge anyone who may have witnessed the crash but has not yet spoken to police to come forward. I would also ask anyone with dash-cam footage that could assist our investigation to please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1296 of 15 February.
