```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Appeal after robbery at takeaway in Newfield Place, Rutherglen
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/august/appeal-after-robbery-at-takeaway-in-newfield-place-rutherglen/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery which took place in Rutherglen on Tuesday, 11 August, 2020.

Around 9.15pm a man entered Chillies Takeaway in Newfield Place and threatened a male member of staff with a knife, demanding money.

The suspect made off from the premises with a three-figure quantity of cash. The staff member was not injured in the incident.

The man is described as white, Scottish, 5ft 6ins tall, of stocky build with short brown hair. He was wearing a black coloured zipper jacket, black trousers, black footwear and a black face covering.

Extensive enquiries are ongoing to trace the suspect who was last seen heading along Blackfaulds Road, before turning left onto Prospecthill Road.

Detective Constable Gareth Laird of Lanarkshire CID said: "This was a terrifying experience for the victim and it is vital that the man responsible is traced.

"I am appealing to anyone who was in the vicinity of Chillies Takeaway around the time of the robbery on Tuesday night, who may have noticed a man matching the description or anything at all suspicious, to please get in touch.

"I would also urge any motorists with dash-cams who may have been driving in the area to contact us if they have any footage which could be of significance.

“Anyone with information can contact Lanarkshire CID through 101, quoting incident number 3810 of Tuesday, 11 August, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
