```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Man arrested in connection with death in Ardrossan
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/may/man-arrested-in-connection-with-death-in-ardrossan/
```

**Published 25 May 2020**

Police Scotland can confirm a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 42-year-old man in Ardrossan.

Officers were called to a house in Nithsdale Road in the town around 4.50pm on Sunday, 24 May, 2020, following a report of a firearm being discharged.

A 42-year-old man was found with serious injuries and died at the scene a short time later. He can now be named as Paul Cairns from Ardrossan. His family have released an image of Paul.

A few hours later a 42-year old man was arrested in the Dirrans Terrace area of Kilwinning.

Chief Inspector Brian Shaw, said: “Our thoughts remain with the family and friends of Paul Cairns at this very difficult time and they ask to be left alone to come to terms with what has happened.

“It would appear to have been a targeted attack and I would like to reassure the community that we do not believe that there is an ongoing to risk to the public. Additional officers have been deployed to the area and high visibility patrols will continue to provide further reassurance in the community.

“Enquiries into the circumstances surrounding this death are ongoing and we are keen to talk to anyone who may have information that would help our investigation or who may have seen anything before or after the incident.

“Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting incident number 2316 of Sunday, 24 May, 2020, or call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
