```yaml
area: Scotland
title: Police seize a large quantity of fireworks as part of a joint operation into their illegal sale
url: http://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2020/november/police-seize-a-large-quantity-of-fireworks-as-part-of-a-joint-operation-into-their-illegal-sale/
```

Police in Greater Glasgow have seized 500 fireworks as part of a joint operation with the city’s Trading Standards team targeting the illegal sale of pyrotechnics.

It comes as officers encourage communities to heed fire safety advice in the absence of organised public fireworks displays due to the coronavirus pandemic.

People planning their own fireworks displays are being asked to use caution and observe the Scottish Government’s Tier framework for suppressing the virus in their local authority area.

Officers will be supporting their local communities with a range of specialist resources to keep people safe on and around Bonfire Night. They will be working with emergency services partners to maximise public safety across the Greater Glasgow area.

Superintendent Gary I’Anson said: “The Chief Constable has made it clear that we are asking people to take personal responsibility and to do the right thing to aid the collective effort to stay safe, protect others and save lives by preventing the virus from spreading.

“We are committed to preserving public safety and I hope the fireworks seized in the south side of Glasgow demonstrates our commitment and sends a clear warning to traders not to break the law and put people’s lives at risk.

“Policing alone cannot tackle Bonfire-Night related disorder and this is why, every year, we work in close collaboration with our emergency services partners. We have also been engaging with young people through our school inputs to highlight the risks associated with reckless behaviour around fireworks.

“I want to reassure our communities in Glasgow, East Renfrewshire and East Dunbartonshire that we will not be complacent when it comes to ensuring their safety. We are maximising all specialist resource at our disposal to keep you safe this Bonfire Night but we are calling on your support too. Parents and guardians of young people have a vital role to play and I would ask you to have very frank conversations with those in your care about the risks of getting involved in violence and disorder.”

Neil Coltart, Head of Trading Standards, said: “Right now, there is a real risk of injury and loss of life through the misuse of fireworks. There are 73 premises with a licence to sell fireworks in Glasgow and we work closely with the police and fire and rescue to ensure that businesses comply with the law. We really need the public to be extra careful and, if buying fireworks, always make sure they have the CE mark, come with instructions and are labelled correctly.”

Area Commander Roddie Keith is the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service’s Local Senior Officer for the City of Glasgow. He said: "First and foremost we would urge all of our communities to follow advice and guidelines around social distancing to help mitigate the spread of COVID-19.

"In the absence of larger, public firework events this year, I understand that many people may consider hosting their own events. But we would urge caution around doing so because every year we see people being injured by fireworks - and children are particularly at risk.

“This is already a traditionally busy time of year for the fire service and our partners and it is very important that we maintain an ability to respond to other emergencies.

"We are therefore strongly encouraging anyone who does wish to host a private event to reduce the risk by ensuring they familiarise themselves with the fireworks code and fire safety guidance.

"Bonfires can also be dangerous and I would urge people to think twice about lighting one. Bonfires must be supervised by a responsible adult, be a safe distance from surrounding structures and only clean, untreated wood should be burnt. Please do not take risks because the consequences can be devastating."

Visit firescotland.gov.uk for more information on the Fireworks Code.
