```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Abbots Langley on Thursday, October 11.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: Appeal for dash cam footage following robbery in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-dash-cam-footage-following-robbery-in-Abbots-Langley-1950MD
```

Officers are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Abbots Langley on Thursday, October 11.

In particular they would like to speak to drivers who might have dash cam footage in relation to the incident which occurred in Tibbs Hill Road shortly before 4am.

A man aged in his 50s was walking to work when he was approached by two males who demanded money and property from him.

One of the males threatened the victim with a knife, before he was pushed to the ground, kicked and punched.

The suspects then made off in the direction of Bedmond with the victim's black rucksack.

The first suspect is described as a young, mixed race male, wearing a black puffa style jacket. The second suspect is described as a young, white male, wearing an orange jumper.

Detective Constable Steve Mason, who is investigating, said: "The victim was left with a cut to his head and bruising to his ribs.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or has information about the incident to get in touch.

"We now believe that there may have been vehicles driving past at the time and so I would also like to hear from anyone who has a dash cam. You might have caught the offenders on camera so we would be keen to view the footage.

"If you can help, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or email me at steve.mason@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/45071/18."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
