```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have been celebrating LGBT+ History Month by meeting with the local community and raising money for a local HIV support provider.
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary celebrate LGBT+ History Month
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-celebrate-lgbt-history-month-1453
```

* ### Officers have met with the local LGBT+ community and raised money for a local HIV support provider

 * ### The work is part of their commitment to supporting the LGBT+ community throughout LGBT+ History Month and beyond

 * ### The Constabulary has specially trained LGBT+ Liaison Officers who provide extra support to victims of LGBT+ hate crimes

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have been celebrating LGBT+ History Month by meeting with the local community and raising money for a local HIV support provider.

On Monday (17 February), officers attended a local event in St Albans, organised by YC Hertfordshire Services for Young People. The event was an opportunity for the local LGBT+ community to come together and reflect on their history - celebrating improvements to equality but also sharing stories of previous and ongoing battles for acceptance.

The event took place at the Trestle Arts Base and was attended by members of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network - a support group that helps officers and staff on all LGBT+ matters, whether personal or operational.

Hate Crime Officer PC Teresa Holden also attended. A hate crime is any criminal offence targeted against a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity or disability. PC Holden's specialist role means that she is dedicated to helping victims and witnesses of these crimes.

On Wednesday (19 February), the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network held an information stall at Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City. The aim of the stall was to highlight the many ways that the support group can offer help to officers and staff, both operationally and personally.

A variety of rainbow coloured cakes were also on offer, with proceeds going to the Terrance Higgins Trust, the county's HIV support provider. Over £100 was raised for the charity, as the Network gave advice to officers and staff around how they can best help the local LGBT+ community.

Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network said: "LGBT+ History Month is an important date in the Constabulary's calendar and Monday's event was very inspiring. I'm very happy with the amount of money we have raised for the Terrance Higgins Trust, which is a really important cause.

"Being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. We do all we can to tackle homophobia, transphobia and biphobia and anyone who does become a victim or witness of this should never hesitate to get in touch and report it.

"As well as our hate crime officers, we have LGBT+ Liaison Officers who can also offer you extra support. When you report a crime, all you have to do is ask to speak to an LGBT+ Officer and this will be arranged for you. If you just want some non-urgent advice you can also call 101 and leave a message. Please be assured that we will always treat you with sensitivity and respect."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity. However if people do not feel comfortable speaking directly to police, hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force.

For more information about hate crime, visit hertsagainsthate.org.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number 101 or by contacting us online at herts.police.uk/contact. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via 999. ** ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring 101 and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.

For more information about the LGBT+ support on offer from YC Hertfordshire Services for Young People, visit youngprideinherts.org.

Photo 1: The team at Monday's event. Centre is PC Teresa Holden and to the right, is PC Sandra Smith and Inspector Steve Alison

Photo 2: PC Sandra Smith, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls (Local Policing Commander and the Constabulary's Strategic Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity) and Inspector Steve Alison
