```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Witness appeal following alleged assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-stevenage-0020e
```

* ### At around 5.15am on Saturday, March 23, a woman was allegedly assaulted in Wisden Road.

 * ### Officers are appealing for any witnesses or anyone who has CCTV that covers the road.

 * ### If you can help, contact DC Natalie Greenaway on 101 or through email at natalie.greenaway@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 5.15am on Saturday, March 23, a woman aged in her 20s was reportedly dragged by the hair and pushed down Wisden Road by a man before he punched her in the head and body and made threats to her at a property in Jessop Road.

The woman sustained bruising and swelling.

Detective Constable Natalie Greenaway said: "I would like to reassure the public that this is an isolated incident and those involved are known to each other.

"I am appealing for any witnesses who saw what happened to get in touch. I am also appealing directly to two men who may have also been assaulted or threatened by the man before this incident.

"If you have CCTV that covers any part of the road, I would also like to hear from you."

Any witnesses or anyone with information or CCTV should contact DC Greenaway by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/26872/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * Shane Hill, aged 21 and from Rosebery Avenue, Tottenham has been charged with threats to kill and assault (ABH). He is next due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on April 23 for a pre-trial preparation hearing.
