```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with attempted murder and a number of other offences in connection with an incident in Radlett.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2018
title: Man charged in connection with incident in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-in-connection-with-incident-in-Radlett-0288C
```

* ### A man has been charged with attempted murder and other offences in connection with an incident in Radlett.

 * ### Frank Brinkley, aged 51, has appeared at Hatfield Remand Court where he was remanded in custody.

 * ### The charges relate to an incident where a woman and man were allegedly assaulted inside an address in Scrubbitts Square.

 * ### All those involved are believed to be known to each other.

A man has been charged with attempted murder and a number of other offences in connection with an incident in Radlett.

Frank Brinkley, aged 51, of no fixed address, has been charged with attempted murder, throwing a corrosive substance on a person with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH), actual bodily harm (ABH) and two counts of harassment.

He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Thursday (May 31) where he was remanded into custody. His next court date is scheduled for June 29 at St Albans Crown Court.

This relates to an incident where a man and a woman were allegedly assaulted inside an address in Scrubbitts Square, Radlett, just after 3pm on Sunday (May 27).

It was reported that the woman, aged in her 40s, suffered puncture wounds to her arms and abdomen and the man, aged in his 30s, had an unknown substance thrown in his eyes.

Both victims were admitted to hospital. The man has since been discharged while the woman is continuing to receive treatment.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "I know this incident will have caused concern among the local community but I'd like to reassure you that we believe this was an isolated and targeted incident where all those involved are known to each other.

"This type of incident is very unusual in Radlett and local Safer Neighbourhood officers are visiting the area to offer reassurance to residents."
