```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Blisters and achy legs did not put two Hertsmere officers off completing their challenge to walk 30 miles in memory of Sergeant Leah McDermott on Sunday (27 September).
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Two police officers walk to raise money for cancer charity in memory of much-respected neighbourhood sergeant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-police-officers-walk-to-raise-money-for-cancer-charity-in-memory-of-much-respected-neighbourhood-sergeant-0692
```

* ## Two officers walked 30 miles in memory of Sergeant Leah McDermott on Sunday.

 * ## They started at 7am and finished nine hours and 24 minutes later.

 * ## If you would like to donate, please go to https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/buckoandash

Blisters and achy legs did not put two Hertsmere officers off completing their challenge to walk 30 miles in memory of Sergeant Leah McDermott on Sunday (27 September).

Sergeant Noel Buckley and PC Ashleigh Begg walked to five police station to raise money for Macmillan Cancer.

They walked to all the police stations that Bucko worked with Leah in over the last 18 years. They started at Borehamwood police station, the last place she worked, and then went South Mimms police station. From there, they walked Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City and then onto Hatfield police station. The route was then to St Albans police station, which is where Bucko first met Leah in August 2002, before returning to Borehamwood police station.

They started at 7am and finished nine hours and 24 minutes later, just before 6pm completing 48.84 kilometres.

"It was really tough!" said Sergeant 'Bucko' Buckley. "My legs really hurt but we were determined. It was never an option to give up but we were glad to finish! It was great to have the support of colleagues on our journey, some of them even walked with us for some distance."

PC Begg said: "I've never done anything like this before and it was a lot tougher than I thought it would be, but the donations kept us going and we'd love it if we could raise more for Macmillan in memory of such an amazing person."

So far, they have raised an impressive £3,500.

Sergeant Buckley said: "We would love to be able to raise over £4,000 for Macmillan, so if you can, please donate to our Just giving page, it really is appreciated."

If you would like to donate, please use this JustGiving page.

Sergeant McDermott passed away on June 26 after a short battle with cancer.
