```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Over 150,000 households in Hertfordshire have signed up to receive emails about crime in their neighbourhoods across Hertfordshire \u2013 making it one of the most successful schemes in the country."
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: Join 150,000 residents who are helping to reduce crime in Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/join-150000-residents-who-are-helping-to-reduce-crime-in-herts-0370all
```

* ### Join over **150,000** households in Hertfordshire who have signed up to receive emails about crime in their neighbourhoods across Hertfordshire.

 * ### There's never been a better time as it's National neighbourhood Watch Week next week (Monday June 17 to Sunday June 23).

 * ### Simply log on to owl.co.uk and you will receive emails about crime in your local area.

Over **150,000** households in Hertfordshire have signed up to receive emails about crime in their neighbourhoods across Hertfordshire - making it one of the most successful schemes in the country.

During National neighbourhood Watch Week next week (Monday June 17 to Sunday June 23), the **Herts Chair Sue Thompson** is challenging residents to follow their lead and further increase this number. She said: "We see time and time again that the villages, towns and cities with the most sign-ups to the Online Watch link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch, have fewer crimes and there is more community spirit making it harder for criminals to operate."

Herts Watch is supporting the national _M_ _ore Than You Expect_ campaign this week, which highlights the diverse work and projects that are delivered locally.

She said: "We are not asking residents to attend meetings or commit to hours of work, it's simply acting on relevant and local information that is sent out by email. If a burglary has happened in your town, we would let local residents know about it so they take on board relevant crime prevention advice. We also let members know about missing people and details about local community events. Whilst most of the messages are local, we do from time to time let you know about fraud offences and scams but we do limit the messages so as not to bombard residents."

**Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said:** "It is fantastic to see so many households in the county signing up to the scheme and I wish to thank all the officers who have worked so hard to make it a success.

"I have always believed in individual responsibility and how all citizens can play their part in preventing crime and protecting the most vulnerable."

A PCSO in Elstree has single-handedly increased OWL membership from 670 addresses (37.7% of total addresses) to 1,461 addresses (82.2 per cent of total addresses) since April 2018.

**Elstree PCSO John Hainsworth** said: "Crucially, since OWL membership increased, burglaries and car thefts have significantly decreased. This is important because in the policing priority survey I carried out in July 2018 using the OWL messaging system, residents rated dwelling burglaries and car thefts as the types of crime they were most concerned about."

He added: "I am in no doubt that expanding NHW reduces burglaries. This is one of the best tools in preventing burglaries happening in the first place - and it is just so simple!"

**John Hayward-Cripps, CEO Neighbourhood Watch Network** , said: "Community development and cohesion activity is absolutely what Neighbourhood Watch is all about. There are lots of examples of where this is the absolute core of what Neighbourhood Watch does. Obviously, crime prevention and reporting has always been at the centre of Neighbourhood Watch and this has been through knowing your neighbour, being neighbourly and connecting people in communities. The strategy is our vision of a society where neighbours come together to create safer, stronger and active communities and to support and enable individuals and communities to be connected, active and safe, which increases well-being and minimises crime."

Whilst residents are not required to do more than read and act on the messages sent via email, lots of work goes on by volunteers at Herts Watch to help keep our communities safer. Their work includes:

 * making-up NHW welcome packs for new members, which saves the Constabulary thousands of pounds thus enabling greater support of frontline policing. Herts Watch was awarded a Certificate of Good Work to the two best 'elves' and treated to an afternoon tea at Police Headquarters.
 * Crimestoppers ambassadors - they will soon be receiving training for this role.
 * Attending events to give talks on NHW and Crime Prevention to various groups including Residents' Associations.
 * Attending events for Age UK's Scam Awareness Month to give talks (they have previously been trained up by the Constabulary and Get Safe Online).
 * Attending many events across the county such as community days and dog watch schemes with Safer Neighbourhood Teams to promote NHW and support their safer neighbourhood teams.
 * Joining Safer Neighbourhood Team Safer Streets events and organising the Three Rivers Safer Streets events.
 * Attending police meetings, crime events, volunteer fairs and OPALS (Older Person Activity, Learning and Safety) events.
 * Working with Police Cadets to include them for further developing NHW.
