```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested in connection with an attempted abduction in Welwyn Garden City earlier today (Friday 19 June).
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: "Two arrested in connection with attempted abduction \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-in-connection-with-attempted-abduction-welwyn-garden-city-0243
```

* ### Two men arrested on suspicion of attempted abduction after girl was grabbed by the arm in Welwyn Garden City

 * ### It happened on Eddington Crescent at 6.20pm on Friday 19 June

 * ### Did you see any suspicious activity in the area, or any unfamiliar vehicles? Please contact police quoting ISR 646 of 19 June if you can help

Two men have been arrested in connection with an attempted abduction in Welwyn Garden City earlier today (Friday 19 June).

A 21-year-old man from St Albans and a 20-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City have been arrested on suspicion of attempted abduction. They are currently in police custody.

The arrests are in connection with an incident that happened in Eddington Crescent, Welwyn Garden City, at 6.20pm today.

A 13-year-old girl was out running when she passed a white Ford Transit van. A man exited the van and grabbed the victim's arm.

She managed to push him away before running home to safety, where her parents called the police straight away.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, who is investigating, said: "I know that news of this incident is understandably going to come as a shock to the community. The victim was not injured but has been left explicably shaken by her ordeal.

"However I want to reassure her, her parents and the wider public that we always take reports such as these extremely seriously, and thanks to the diligence of several police officers we currently have two people in custody.

"A vehicle has also been seized as part of the inquiry and we are conducting extensive enquiries to determine the exact circumstances of the incident, with detectives looking at CCTV footage and speaking to residents in the vicinity of where it happened.

"I would now like to make a public appeal for witnesses to this incident - did you see what happened? Have you seen any suspicious activity in the area?

"We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed any unfamiliar vehicles parked in or near Eddington Crescent in the past 24 hours.

"Do you have CCTV cameras fitted to your property, or a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If you live near to where the incident happened, please review your footage as soon as possible and make contact with us if you believe you have captured anything of significance."

If you have any information you think could assist the investigation, even if it seems inconsequential, please get in touch.

You can email DI Finnegan at jason.finnegan@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 636 of 19 June**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
