```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Stevenage man who controlled and sexually exploited two vulnerable teenagers over a period of years has been jailed for 24 years today (Friday September 7).
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: Man who sexually exploited teenagers is jailed for 24 years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-who-sexually-exploited-teenagers-is-jailed-for-24-years-1746
```

* ### Stevenage man jailed for 24 years for rape and sexual exploitation offences

 * ### Anthony Gorringe controlled and abused his young victims

 * ### Second man Barry Gaynor also jailed for six years for rape

A Stevenage man who controlled and sexually exploited two vulnerable teenagers over a period of years has been jailed for 24 years today (Friday September 7).

Anthony Gorringe, aged 58, first sexually assaulted one of his victims when she was 15 years old, St Albans Crown Court heard.

Then between 2009 and 2013, he went on to sexually assault and rape her multiple times. He then forced her into sexual activity with other people and made her commit other vile and degrading acts.

This included arranging for a second man, Barry Gaynor, to have sex with the girl in return for a payment for work done on a vehicle. Gaynor, aged 52, knew this was non-consensual and was found guilty of her rape.

Gorringe was found guilty of three counts of rape, two counts of sexual assault by penetration, 10 counts of causing sexual activity without consent and one count of causing child prostitution.

He was also found guilty of two counts of rape and four counts of causing sexual activity without consent against a teenage boy between 2004 and 2007.

Gorringe, formerly of Shoreham Close, Stevenage, was sentenced to 24 years in prison plus a further eight years on extended licence. He will serve 16 years before being eligible for parole.

Gaynor, formerly of Bude Crescent, Stevenage, was sentenced to six years in prison.

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson, led the investigation into the pair, in the Constabulary's Halo Team - a specialist unit which investigates child sexual exploitation.

DI MacPherson said: "Gorringe targeted and groomed young vulnerable people whom he exploited for his own sexual gratification.

"What is shocking about this case is the extent to which he dominated and sought to define their lives over such a long period of time. When the control exerted by Gorringe was such that his victims would do anything he demanded, he began to financially profit from the abuse by involving his associate Gaynor. Gaynor knew that there was no consent to sex but did not care.

"Gorringe eroded the free will and self-esteem of two young people so completely that their courage in facing him and giving evidence is all the more remarkable. We are extremely grateful to them. The convictions and substantial sentences will enable them to move on with their lives and have removed the risk which Gorringe and Gaynor might otherwise have continued to pose."

Yasmeen Malik, Senior Crown Prosecutor with CPS Thames and Chiltern, said: "Anthony Gorringe systematically groomed and sexually exploited vulnerable teenagers decades younger than him.

"Even in the face of the evidence against them, Gorringe continued to deny his guilt and forced his victims to relive the trauma of what had happened to them.

"Thanks to the evidence the victims were able to give in court the CPS was able to prove to the jury that Gorringe and his associate Barry Gaynor were each guilty of very serious sexual offences.

"I would like to pay tribute to the victims in this case for the remarkable courage they have shown and I hope the significant prison sentences their abusers have received today offer them some sense that justice has been done."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org.

Anthony Gorringe Barry Gaynor
