```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop\u2019s Stortford after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Kings Cottage Trust took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and crime."
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: "Closure Order Secured on Bishop\u2019s Stortford Property"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-Secured-on-Bishops-Stortford-Property-1902
```

A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop's Stortford after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Kings Cottage Trust took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and crime.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at St Albans Magistrate's court today (Thursday October 11) and excludes all people from entering the property in Kings Cottages, South Road. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the address in an anti-social manner. Reports had been received relating to drug related activity and rowdy behaviour.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said **:** "The Closure Order was sought following numerous complaints from concerned and vulnerable residents who were affected by the behaviour of one of the occupants and their associates. My officers were called to address on numerous occasions between July and October of this year following reports of drug dealing and other associated behaviour.

"We hope this action will provide local residents with some respite from the on-going issues. We take reports like this very seriously and along with our partners, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the application.

"This is the third Closure Order in Bishop's Stortford within the year. I hope that this sends a clear message to those involved in dealing drugs that we will use every available tactic to remove them from our community. I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."
