```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Welwyn Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2019
title: Closure Order secured on property in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-property-in-welwyn-garden-city-md0276
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Welwyn Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Moyne House - was investigated following reports of suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour.

St Albans Magistrates' Court granted the closure order on Friday, May 24. It means that no-one, except the occupant, can enter the house for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

PC John Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, said: "We have engaged with residents in the area and listened to concerns raised. After successfully securing this Closure Order, we hope to provide some respite from the ongoing issues for neighbours and improve the quality of life within the local community.

"In the past 12 months the Community Safety Unit has been successful in achieving a total of 13 Closure Orders across Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere. ASB will not be tolerated in Welwyn Hatfield and if there is suspected drug related activity or continuing anti-social behaviour involving your home then you could be the next target."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

*Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
