```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Dacorum\u2019s Chief Inspector is reaching out to the local community and calling on them to help in the fight against the supply illegal drugs."
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Dacorum's Chief Inspector sends out a clear message on drugs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Dacorum-Chief-Inspector-sends-out-a-clear-message-on-drugs-2702
```

Dacorum's Chief Inspector is reaching out to the local community and calling on them to help in the fight against the supply illegal drugs.

"The supply of illegal drugs is an issue in towns and cities up and down the country," said Chief Inspector Paul Mitson.

"Here in Dacorum we're determined to tackle those who are involved in the supply of Class A drugs and I'm calling on those who live and work in the borough to play a part.

"Those who perhaps dabble in the use of Class A drugs such as cocaine recreationally may think that they're not harming anyone.

"However, the reality is that those involved in the supply of these drugs exploit and take advantage of society's most vulnerable, for example children and those who may be an easy target for a whole range of reasons.

"Those involved in so called County Lines* gangs recruit children to do their drug running and develop controlling relationships with them that often involves violence and sometimes child sexual exploitation.

"These gangs also take over the homes of the vulnerable to develop a drug dealing base within the area they're targeting.

"By purchasing drugs for what some might see as a bit of weekend fun you are fuelling this criminality, which has a life-long and devastating impact on victims and their families.

"As part of our work to tackle drug crime we are also focusing on those who purchase drugs recreationally and where we identify individuals we will be visiting them at their homes or place of work.

"I'm appealing to residents to speak up and report any suspected drug activity to police so that we can build an intelligence picture. This will help us to take action to protect society's most vulnerable and arrest and bring to justice those involved in the supply of drugs.

"We don't just want to punish those responsible for bringing drugs into our communities. We also want to help those who are being exploited or struggling with addiction. We regularly work in partnership with support agencies to provide help to those in need.

"You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _, call the non-emergency number 101 or if you 'd like to remain completely anonymous call Crimestoppers on_ 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

* **What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.
