```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of thefts from vans in Letchworth, Baldock and Royston are appealing for information and are urging motorists to follow crime prevention advice.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2018
title: Appeal and advice following thefts from vans in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-and-advice-following-thefts-from-vans-in-North-Herts-0552
```

* ### There have been seven incidents of thefts from vans in Letchworth, Baldock and Royston since July 19.

 * ### Police are appealing for residents to report any suspicious activity via 101 and to dial 999 if they believe a crime is in progress or offenders are nearby.

 * ### Van owners are being urged to follow some simple crime prevention advice to reduce the chances of becoming victims.

 * ### Covert and overt patrols as being increased in the local area while police work to identify the offenders is on-going.

Officers investigating a series of thefts from vans in Letchworth, Baldock and Royston are appealing for information and are urging motorists to follow crime prevention advice.

Since July 19, there have been seven offences where offenders have either drilled the locks on vans or cut holes in the rear doors of the vehicles to gain access and take tools.

Vans left parked in the following roads have been targeted:

 * Radwell Lane, Letchworth - rear van doors tampered with (July 19).
 * Laxton Gardens, Baldock - a hole was cut into a rear door (July 19-20).
 * St Marys Way, Baldock -a hole was cut in a rear door (July 21-22).
 * Radburn Way, Letchworth - van lock removed (July 22-23).
 * Green Street, Royston - lock drilled (July 22-23).
 * Priory Lane, Royston - a hole was cut into a rear door (July 22-23).
 * Broughton Hill, Letchworth - access gained via rear door (July 22-23)

Sergeant Alan Clarke from the North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in these streets around the dates stated to get in touch as you may have information that can assist us in identifying those responsible and help us to put a stop to these thefts.

"This type of crime is incredibly inconvenient and damaging to the victims who rely on their vans and tools to carry out their daily work. It is not just the cost of replacing the stolen tools but also the earning time lost while the vans are repaired and replacement tools are sourced.

"While our work is on-going to identify those responsible for these thefts, we are increasing both covert and overt patrols in the local areas.

"If you believe you have seen suspicious activity around parked vans in the last week or so please get in touch by emailing me at alan.clarke@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

"You can also provide information anonymously via Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

"If you believe a crime is in progress or the offenders are still nearby please dial 999 so that we can get officers to the area as soon as possible.

"If you are the owner of a van I would advise that, if possible, you remove your tools at night. If this is not an option please consider fitting a tool safe and make sure it's fitted with good quality locks.

"Engrave or post mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number, which will act as a deterrent to thieves and will make it easier for your property to be returned to you should it be stolen and later recovered.

"If you use a driveway you may want to consider installing security lighting and a doorbell camera and reverse your van up to the house when parking to prevent access to the rear doors.

"If you're parking in the street please consider whether there is there somewhere you could park to make gaining access to the rear of your vehicle more difficult, for example against a wall or hedge."
