```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Van owners in Hatfield are being advised to take steps to protect their vehicles following an increase in tools being stolen in the area.
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Advice for van owners following tool thefts in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-for-van-owners-following-tool-thefts-in-hatfield-0252b
```

* ## There has been an increase in tools being stolen from vans in Hatfield.

 * ## Van owners are advised to take steps to protect their vehicles.

 * ## Anyone with information about the thefts should call 101 or if the crime is in progress, call 999.

Van owners in Hatfield are being advised to take steps to protect their vehicles following an increase in tools being stolen in the area.

Sergeant Dan Bales, from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Firstly, I would like to reassure you that we are doing everything we can to trace those responsible for these thefts. I would urge anyone with information to call the non-emergency number 101 and if you see a van being targeted call 999 straight away.

"There are a number of steps you can take to help prevent your van from being targeted. Simplest of all - remember to properly lock it and double check before you leave it.

"Never leave any valuables visible. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your jacket pocket or file left on the seat, a thief may try their luck.

"You should remove tools from your van when left over night and if this isn't possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.

"It's also a good idea to try and park your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.

"We also recommend that you engrave or mark your tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number. This makes them less attractive to a thief and even if they are stolen, there's a better chance of them being recovered and returned to you."

If you have information about the tool thefts, report information online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

** **
