```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Special Constabulary Chief Inspector Ron McMurdie has just celebrated 40 years\u2019 volunteering service."
publish:
  date: 29 Aug 2018
title: "Special Constabulary Chief Inspector celebrates 40 years\u2019 service"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-constabulary-chief-inspector-celebrates-40-years-service-1712ALL
```

Special Constabulary Chief Inspector Ron McMurdie has just celebrated 40 years' volunteering service.

Ron joined the Special Constabulary in 1978 after a chance meeting with a serving Special Constable. He said: _" I was always interested in the police. At the time we had terrible neighbours and one night the police were called. Two officers attended, one of whom was a special. They came to our house and I got chatting to the Special. The next day I went to Oxhey station, picked up a form and that was it."_

He was first posted to Watford. Recalling his first shift, Ron said: _" It was a Saturday night in Watford with another special. We were walking along the High Street and entered the pedestrian precinct when we encountered a man riding a motorcycle. We stopped him and I arrested him for drink driving. It was my first arrest and I was on duty until 7am dealing with him in custody!"_

In 1980 he was transferred to Rickmansworth as a Sergeant and promoted to Inspector in 1982. Ron is now a Chief Inspector and has been in post since March 2018. The role sees him supervising Special Inspectors across the ten districts in Hertfordshire and working closely with the regular Constabulary management team to ensure that Specials are supporting the constabulary, and the wider public, effectively.

He also provides 'bronze cover' which involves calling upon off-duty Specials where they are required at short notice.

Ron added: " _The role is a new challenge for me, although I still love my Friday nights on duty in Rickmansworth supporting the Intervention team. "_

Reflecting on how the role of a Special Constable has changed over the 40 years he said: _" Perceptions of Specials have vastly changed since I started. You weren't trusted to hold a torch back then but now our Specials are fully integrated with regular officers, working shoulder to shoulder. We're the victims of our own success because we are called upon more and more. The training is much better and there's so much support available. _

_" If anyone is thinking of becoming a special, I'd say 'do it'. I thoroughly recommend it. You see a different side of the world that you wouldn't experience if you just did your 9 to 5 job. You simply don't get the experiences of life that we do. _

_" In Hertfordshire Constabulary they talk about the 'Herts Family' and that's very true. It's like an extended family and you get good support from all your colleagues across the organisation." _

Giving on average 30 hours per month since the beginning of his Special career, Ron has racked up thousands of volunteering hours.

To celebrate his 40 years, he and his wife joined Deputy Chief Constable Michelle Dunn and Special Chief Officer Mark Kendrew at a lunch a Police Headquarters on Friday, August 24.

He will also be attending the Special Constabulary Rosette dinner, a black tie event at the Honourable Artillery Company in the City of London, which celebrates Specials with more 19 or more years' service. He will be presented with a rosette in front of two close colleagues, Special Chief Officer Mark Kendrew and other Special Constables from across the country.

Ron said: " _I have really enjoyed the past 40 years. It 's gone so quickly and it's quite emotional looking back. I've no plans to stop just yet. In fact, I'm giving more time than ever before." _

**Deputy Chief Constable, Michelle Dunn said: "**We are so very fortunate to have such a dedicated team of volunteers supporting the Constabulary and Ron's contribution cannot be under-estimated. I'm so proud to have such a committed and exemplary officer in our team and I'm sure the public will join me in congratulating and thanking him."

**Special Chief Officer Mark Kendrew said** : "I'm absolutely delighted that Ron has achieved this special milestone with the Constabulary.

"Officers with Ron's length of service are few and far between and we greatly value the insight and experience that he and others like him can bring to the Force.

"Ron is also a very valuable member of our Special Constabulary senior leadership team and I'm looking forward to many more years of working alongside him."

**David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire said:** "I'd like to send my thanks and congratulations to Ron on behalf of the residents of Hertfordshire for his incredible service over the last 40 years. His commitment to protecting Hertfordshire and his selfless dedication to helping others is an inspiration to us all. I hope his story encourages others to come forward and take on the rewarding challenge of joining the Special Constabulary."

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force and getting involved in all areas of frontline policing. There are also opportunities to work in specialist teams.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

** **

** **
