```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-Hemel-Hempstead
```

* ### A woman was sexually assaulted in Hillfield Road, Hemel Hempstead, at around 6.45pm on Saturday, February 24.

 * ### A member of the public came to the victim's aid and officers would like to speak to him as he will have information that can assist the investigation.

 * ### The offender is described as a man with olive skin, aged between 45 and 55 years old, around 5ft 5in tall, of slim build and he was wearing a long coat and flat cap.

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 6.45pm on Saturday, February 24, the victim - a 19 year old woman - was walking along Hillfield Road when she was approached from behind by the offender who touched her inappropriately. The victim screamed for help and a member of the public came to her aid.

Detective Constable Laura Brine, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for the man who came to the victim's aid to get in touch as he will have information that can assist our investigation.

"The offender is described as a man with olive skin, aged between 45 and 55 years old, around 5ft 5in tall, of slim build and he was wearing a long coat and flat cap. If you saw anyone in the area matching this description around the time stated please get in touch as you may be able to help us with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Laura Brine or DC Paul Sammons by emailing Laura.brine@herts.pnn.police.uk or Paul.sammons@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/1752 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
